From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Atheist Resources

Archive-name: atheism/resources
Alt-atheism-archive-name: resources
Last-modified: 11 December 1992
Version: 1.0

                              Atheist Resources

                      Addresses of Atheist Organizations

                                     USA

FREEDOM FROM RELIGION FOUNDATION

Darwin fish bumper stickers and assorted other atheist paraphernalia are
available from the Freedom From Religion Foundation in the US.

Write to:  FFRF, P.O. Box 750, Madison, WI 53701.
Telephone: (608) 256-8900

EVOLUTION DESIGNS

Evolution Designs sell the "Darwin fish".  It's a fish symbol, like the ones
Christians stick on their cars, but with feet and the word "Darwin" written
inside.  The deluxe moulded 3D plastic fish is $4.95 postpaid in the US.

Write to:  Evolution Designs, 7119 Laurel Canyon #4, North Hollywood,
           CA 91605.

People in the San Francisco Bay area can get Darwin Fish from Lynn Gold --
try mailing <figmo@netcom.com>.  For net people who go to Lynn directly, the
price is $4.95 per fish.

AMERICAN ATHEIST PRESS

AAP publish various atheist books -- critiques of the Bible, lists of
Biblical contradictions, and so on.  One such book is:

"The Bible Handbook" by W.P. Ball and G.W. Foote.  American Atheist Press.
372 pp.  ISBN 0-910309-26-4, 2nd edition, 1986.  Bible contradictions,
absurdities, atrocities, immoralities... contains Ball, Foote: "The Bible
Contradicts Itself", AAP.  Based on the King James version of the Bible.

Write to:  American Atheist Press, P.O. Box 140195, Austin, TX 78714-0195.
      or:  7215 Cameron Road, Austin, TX 78752-2973.
Telephone: (512) 458-1244
Fax:       (512) 467-9525

PROMETHEUS BOOKS

Sell books including Haught's "Holy Horrors" (see below).

Write to:  700 East Amherst Street, Buffalo, New York 14215.
Telephone: (716) 837-2475.

An alternate address (which may be newer or older) is:
Prometheus Books, 59 Glenn Drive, Buffalo, NY 14228-2197.

AFRICAN-AMERICANS FOR HUMANISM

An organization promoting black secular humanism and uncovering the history of
black freethought.  They publish a quarterly newsletter, AAH EXAMINER.

Write to:  Norm R. Allen, Jr., African Americans for Humanism, P.O. Box 664,
           Buffalo, NY 14226.

                                United Kingdom

Rationalist Press Association          National Secular Society
88 Islington High Street               702 Holloway Road
London N1 8EW                          London N19 3NL
071 226 7251                           071 272 1266

British Humanist Association           South Place Ethical Society
14 Lamb's Conduit Passage              Conway Hall
London WC1R 4RH                        Red Lion Square
071 430 0908                           London WC1R 4RL
fax 071 430 1271                       071 831 7723

The National Secular Society publish "The Freethinker", a monthly magazine
founded in 1881.

                                   Germany

IBKA e.V.
Internationaler Bund der Konfessionslosen und Atheisten
Postfach 880, D-1000 Berlin 41. Germany.

IBKA publish a journal:
MIZ. (Materialien und Informationen zur Zeit. Politisches
Journal der Konfessionslosesn und Atheisten. Hrsg. IBKA e.V.)
MIZ-Vertrieb, Postfach 880, D-1000 Berlin 41. Germany.

For atheist books, write to:

IBDK, Internationaler B"ucherdienst der Konfessionslosen
Postfach 3005, D-3000 Hannover 1. Germany.
Telephone: 0511/211216


                               Books -- Fiction

THOMAS M. DISCH

"The Santa Claus Compromise"
Short story.  The ultimate proof that Santa exists.  All characters and 
events are fictitious.  Any similarity to living or dead gods -- uh, well...

WALTER M. MILLER, JR

"A Canticle for Leibowitz"
One gem in this post atomic doomsday novel is the monks who spent their lives
copying blueprints from "Saint Leibowitz", filling the sheets of paper with
ink and leaving white lines and letters.

EDGAR PANGBORN

"Davy"
Post atomic doomsday novel set in clerical states.  The church, for example,
forbids that anyone "produce, describe or use any substance containing...
atoms". 

PHILIP K. DICK

Philip K. Dick Dick wrote many philosophical and thought-provoking short 
stories and novels.  His stories are bizarre at times, but very approachable.
He wrote mainly SF, but he wrote about people, truth and religion rather than
technology.  Although he often believed that he had met some sort of God, he
remained sceptical.  Amongst his novels, the following are of some relevance:

"Galactic Pot-Healer"
A fallible alien deity summons a group of Earth craftsmen and women to a
remote planet to raise a giant cathedral from beneath the oceans.  When the
deity begins to demand faith from the earthers, pot-healer Joe Fernwright is
unable to comply.  A polished, ironic and amusing novel.

"A Maze of Death"
Noteworthy for its description of a technology-based religion.

"VALIS"
The schizophrenic hero searches for the hidden mysteries of Gnostic
Christianity after reality is fired into his brain by a pink laser beam of
unknown but possibly divine origin.  He is accompanied by his dogmatic and
dismissively atheist friend and assorted other odd characters.

"The Divine Invasion"
God invades Earth by making a young woman pregnant as she returns from
another star system.  Unfortunately she is terminally ill, and must be
assisted by a dead man whose brain is wired to 24-hour easy listening music.

MARGARET ATWOOD

"The Handmaid's Tale"
A story based on the premise that the US Congress is mysteriously
assassinated, and fundamentalists quickly take charge of the nation to set it
"right" again.  The book is the diary of a woman's life as she tries to live
under the new Christian theocracy.  Women's right to own property is revoked,
and their bank accounts are closed; sinful luxuries are outlawed, and the
radio is only used for readings from the Bible.  Crimes are punished
retroactively: doctors who performed legal abortions in the "old world" are
hunted down and hanged.  Atwood's writing style is difficult to get used to
at first, but the tale grows more and more chilling as it goes on.

VARIOUS AUTHORS

"The Bible"
This somewhat dull and rambling work has often been criticized.  However, it
is probably worth reading, if only so that you'll know what all the fuss is
about.  It exists in many different versions, so make sure you get the one
true version.

                             Books -- Non-fiction

PETER DE ROSA

"Vicars of Christ", Bantam Press, 1988
Although de Rosa seems to be Christian or even Catholic this is a very
enlighting history of papal immoralities, adulteries, fallacies etc.
(German translation: "Gottes erste Diener. Die dunkle Seite des Papsttums",
Droemer-Knaur, 1989)

MICHAEL MARTIN

"Atheism: A Philosophical Justification", Temple University Press,
 Philadelphia, USA.
A detailed and scholarly justification of atheism.  Contains an outstanding
appendix defining terminology and usage in this (necessarily) tendentious
area.  Argues both for "negative atheism" (i.e. the "non-belief in the
existence of god(s)") and also for "positive atheism" ("the belief in the
non-existence of god(s)").  Includes great refutations of the most
challenging arguments for god; particular attention is paid to refuting
contempory theists such as Platinga and Swinburne.
541 pages. ISBN 0-87722-642-3 (hardcover; paperback also available)

"The Case Against Christianity", Temple University Press
A comprehensive critique of Christianity, in which he considers
the best contemporary defences of Christianity and (ultimately)
demonstrates that they are unsupportable and/or incoherent.
273 pages. ISBN 0-87722-767-5

JAMES TURNER

"Without God, Without Creed", The Johns Hopkins University Press, Baltimore,
 MD, USA
Subtitled "The Origins of Unbelief in America".  Examines the way in which
unbelief (whether agnostic or atheistic)  became a mainstream alternative
world-view.  Focusses on the period 1770-1900, and while considering France
and Britain the emphasis is on American, and particularly New England
developments.  "Neither a religious history of secularization or atheism,
Without God, Without Creed is, rather, the intellectual history of the fate
of a single idea, the belief that God exists." 
316 pages. ISBN (hardcover) 0-8018-2494-X (paper) 0-8018-3407-4

GEORGE SELDES (Editor)

"The great thoughts", Ballantine Books, New York, USA
A "dictionary of quotations" of a different kind, concentrating on statements
and writings which, explicitly or implicitly, present the person's philosophy
and world-view.  Includes obscure (and often suppressed) opinions from many
people.  For some popular observations, traces the way in which various
people expressed and twisted the idea over the centuries.  Quite a number of
the quotations are derived from Cardiff's "What Great Men Think of Religion"
and Noyes' "Views of Religion".
490 pages. ISBN (paper) 0-345-29887-X.

RICHARD SWINBURNE

"The Existence of God (Revised Edition)", Clarendon Paperbacks, Oxford
This book is the second volume in a trilogy that began with "The Coherence of
Theism" (1977) and was concluded with "Faith and Reason" (1981).  In this
work, Swinburne attempts to construct a series of inductive arguments for the
existence of God.  His arguments, which are somewhat tendentious and rely
upon the imputation of late 20th century western Christian values and
aesthetics to a God which is supposedly as simple as can be conceived, were
decisively rejected in Mackie's "The Miracle of Theism".  In the revised
edition of "The Existence of God", Swinburne includes an Appendix in which he
makes a somewhat incoherent attempt to rebut Mackie.

J. L. MACKIE

"The Miracle of Theism", Oxford
This (posthumous) volume contains a comprehensive review of the principal
arguments for and against the existence of God.  It ranges from the classical
philosophical positions of Descartes, Anselm, Berkeley, Hume et al, through
the moral arguments of Newman, Kant and Sidgwick, to the recent restatements
of the classical theses by Plantinga and Swinburne.  It also addresses those
positions which push the concept of God beyond the realm of the rational,
such as those of Kierkegaard, Kung and Philips, as well as "replacements for
God" such as Lelie's axiarchism.  The book is a delight to read - less
formalistic and better written than Martin's works, and refreshingly direct
when compared with the hand-waving of Swinburne.

JAMES A. HAUGHT

"Holy Horrors: An Illustrated History of Religious Murder and Madness",
 Prometheus Books
Looks at religious persecution from ancient times to the present day -- and
not only by Christians.
Library of Congress Catalog Card Number 89-64079. 1990.

NORM R. ALLEN, JR.

"African American Humanism: an Anthology"
See the listing for African Americans for Humanism above.

GORDON STEIN

"An Anthology of Atheism and Rationalism", Prometheus Books
An anthology covering a wide range of subjects, including 'The Devil, Evil
and Morality' and 'The History of Freethought'.  Comprehensive bibliography.

EDMUND D. COHEN

"The Mind of The Bible-Believer", Prometheus Books
A study of why people become Christian fundamentalists, and what effect it
has on them.

                                Net Resources

There's a small mail-based archive server at mantis.co.uk which carries
archives of old alt.atheism.moderated articles and assorted other files.  For
more information, send mail to archive-server@mantis.co.uk saying

   help
   send atheism/index

and it will mail back a reply.


mathew
�

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Introduction to Atheism

Archive-name: atheism/introduction
Alt-atheism-archive-name: introduction
Last-modified: 5 April 1993
Version: 1.2

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----

                          An Introduction to Atheism
                       by mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>

This article attempts to provide a general introduction to atheism.  Whilst I
have tried to be as neutral as possible regarding contentious issues, you
should always remember that this document represents only one viewpoint.  I
would encourage you to read widely and draw your own conclusions; some
relevant books are listed in a companion article.

To provide a sense of cohesion and progression, I have presented this article
as an imaginary conversation between an atheist and a theist.  All the
questions asked by the imaginary theist are questions which have been cropped
up repeatedly on alt.atheism since the newsgroup was created.  Some other
frequently asked questions are answered in a companion article.

Please note that this article is arguably slanted towards answering questions
posed from a Christian viewpoint.  This is because the FAQ files reflect
questions which have actually been asked, and it is predominantly Christians
who proselytize on alt.atheism.

So when I talk of religion, I am talking primarily about religions such as
Christianity, Judaism and Islam, which involve some sort of superhuman divine
being.  Much of the discussion will apply to other religions, but some of it
may not.

"What is atheism?"

Atheism is characterized by an absence of belief in the existence of God.
Some atheists go further, and believe that God does not exist.  The former is
often referred to as the "weak atheist" position, and the latter as "strong
atheism".

It is important to note the difference between these two positions.  "Weak
atheism" is simple scepticism; disbelief in the existence of God.  "Strong
atheism" is a positive belief that God does not exist.  Please do not
fall into the trap of assuming that all atheists are "strong atheists".

Some atheists believe in the non-existence of all Gods; others limit their
atheism to specific Gods, such as the Christian God, rather than making
flat-out denials.

"But isn't disbelieving in God the same thing as believing he doesn't exist?"

Definitely not.  Disbelief in a proposition means that one does not believe
it to be true.  Not believing that something is true is not equivalent to
believing that it is false; one may simply have no idea whether it is true or
not.  Which brings us to agnosticism.

"What is agnosticism then?"

The term 'agnosticism' was coined by Professor Huxley at a meeting of the
Metaphysical Society in 1876.  He defined an agnostic as someone who
disclaimed ("strong") atheism and believed that the ultimate origin of things
must be some cause unknown and unknowable.

Thus an agnostic is someone who believes that we do not and cannot know for
sure whether God exists.

Words are slippery things, and language is inexact.  Beware of assuming that
you can work out someone's philosophical point of view simply from the fact
that she calls herself an atheist or an agnostic.  For example, many people
use agnosticism to mean "weak atheism", and use the word "atheism" only when
referring to "strong atheism".

Beware also that because the word "atheist" has so many shades of meaning, it
is very difficult to generalize about atheists.  About all you can say for
sure is that atheists don't believe in God.  For example, it certainly isn't
the case that all atheists believe that science is the best way to find out
about the universe.

"So what is the philosophical justification or basis for atheism?"

There are many philosophical justifications for atheism.  To find out why a
particular person chooses to be an atheist, it's best to ask her.

Many atheists feel that the idea of God as presented by the major religions
is essentially self-contradictory, and that it is logically impossible that
such a God could exist.  Others are atheists through scepticism, because they
see no evidence that God exists.

"But isn't it impossible to prove the non-existence of something?"

There are many counter-examples to such a statement.  For example, it is
quite simple to prove that there does not exist a prime number larger than
all other prime numbers.  Of course, this deals with well-defined objects
obeying well-defined rules.  Whether Gods or universes are similarly
well-defined is a matter for debate.

However, assuming for the moment that the existence of a God is not provably
impossible, there are still subtle reasons for assuming the non-existence of
God.  If we assume that something does not exist, it is always possible to
show that this assumption is invalid by finding a single counter-example.

If on the other hand we assume that something does exist, and if the thing in
question is not provably impossible, showing that the assumption is invalid
may require an exhaustive search of all possible places where such a thing
might be found, to show that it isn't there.  Such an exhaustive search is
often impractical or impossible.  There is no such problem with largest
primes, because we can prove that they don't exist.

Therefore it is generally accepted that we must assume things do not exist
unless we have evidence that they do.  Even theists follow this rule most of
the time; they don't believe in unicorns, even though they can't conclusively
prove that no unicorns exist anywhere.

To assume that God exists is to make an assumption which probably cannot be
tested.  We cannot make an exhaustive search of everywhere God might be to
prove that he doesn't exist anywhere.  So the sceptical atheist assumes by
default that God does not exist, since that is an assumption we can test.

Those who profess strong atheism usually do not claim that no sort of God
exists; instead, they generally restrict their claims so as to cover
varieties of God described by followers of various religions.  So whilst it
may be impossible to prove conclusively that no God exists, it may be
possible to prove that (say) a God as described by a particular religious
book does not exist.  It may even be possible to prove that no God described
by any present-day religion exists.

In practice, believing that no God described by any religion exists is very
close to believing that no God exists.  However, it is sufficiently different
that counter-arguments based on the impossibility of disproving every kind of
God are not really applicable.

"But what if God is essentially non-detectable?"

If God interacts with our universe in any way, the effects of his interaction
must be measurable.  Hence his interaction with our universe must be
detectable.

If God is essentially non-detectable, it must therefore be the case that he
does not interact with our universe in any way.  Many atheists would argue
that if God does not interact with our universe at all, it is of no
importance whether he exists or not.

If the Bible is to be believed, God was easily detectable by the Israelites.
Surely he should still be detectable today?

Note that I am not demanding that God interact in a scientifically
verifiable, physical way.  It must surely be possible to perceive some
effect caused by his presence, though; otherwise, how can I distinguish him
from all the other things that don't exist?

"OK, you may think there's a philosophical justification for atheism, but
 isn't it still a religious belief?"

One of the most common pastimes in philosophical discussion is "the
redefinition game".  The cynical view of this game is as follows:

Person A begins by making a contentious statement.  When person B points out
that it can't be true, person A gradually re-defines the words he used in the
statement until he arrives at something person B is prepared to accept.  He
then records the statement, along with the fact that person B has agreed to
it, and continues.  Eventually A uses the statement as an "agreed fact", but
uses his original definitions of all the words in it rather than the obscure
redefinitions originally needed to get B to agree to it.  Rather than be seen
to be apparently inconsistent, B will tend to play along.

The point of this digression is that the answer to the question "Isn't
atheism a religious belief?" depends crucially upon what is meant by
"religious".  "Religion" is generally characterized by belief in a superhuman
controlling power -- especially in some sort of God -- and by faith and
worship.

[ It's worth pointing out in passing that some varieties of Buddhism are not
  "religion" according to such a definition. ]

Atheism is certainly not a belief in any sort of superhuman power, nor is it
categorized by worship in any meaningful sense.  Widening the definition of
"religious" to encompass atheism tends to result in many other aspects of
human behaviour suddenly becoming classed as "religious" as well -- such as
science, politics, and watching TV.

"OK, so it's not a religion.  But surely belief in atheism (or science) is
 still just an act of faith, like religion is?"

Firstly, it's not entirely clear that sceptical atheism is something one
actually believes in.

Secondly, it is necessary to adopt a number of core beliefs or assumptions to
make some sort of sense out of the sensory data we experience.  Most atheists
try to adopt as few core beliefs as possible; and even those are subject to
questioning if experience throws them into doubt.

Science has a number of core assumptions.  For example, it is generally
assumed that the laws of physics are the same for all observers.  These are
the sort of core assumptions atheists make.  If such basic ideas are called
"acts of faith", then almost everything we know must be said to be based on
acts of faith, and the term loses its meaning.

Faith is more often used to refer to complete, certain belief in something.
According to such a definition, atheism and science are certainly not acts of
faith.  Of course, individual atheists or scientists can be as dogmatic as
religious followers when claiming that something is "certain".  This is not a
general tendency, however; there are many atheists who would be reluctant to
state with certainty that the universe exists.

Faith is also used to refer to belief without supporting evidence or proof.
Sceptical atheism certainly doesn't fit that definition, as sceptical atheism
has no beliefs.  Strong atheism is closer, but still doesn't really match, as
even the most dogmatic atheist will tend to refer to experimental data (or
the lack of it) when asserting that God does not exist.

"If atheism is not religious, surely it's anti-religious?"

It is an unfortunate human tendency to label everyone as either "for" or
"against", "friend" or "enemy".  The truth is not so clear-cut.

Atheism is the position that runs logically counter to theism; in that sense,
it can be said to be "anti-religion".  However, when religious believers
speak of atheists being "anti-religious" they usually mean that the atheists
have some sort of antipathy or hatred towards theists.

This categorization of atheists as hostile towards religion is quite unfair.
Atheist attitudes towards theists in fact cover a broad spectrum.

Most atheists take a "live and let live" attitude.  Unless questioned, they
will not usually mention their atheism, except perhaps to close friends.  Of
course, this may be in part because atheism is not "socially acceptable" in
many countries.

A few atheists are quite anti-religious, and may even try to "convert" others
when possible.  Historically, such anti-religious atheists have made little
impact on society outside the Eastern Bloc countries.

(To digress slightly: the Soviet Union was originally dedicated to separation
of church and state, just like the USA.  Soviet citizens were legally free to
worship as they wished.  The institution of "state atheism" came about when
Stalin took control of the Soviet Union and tried to destroy the churches in
order to gain complete power over the population.)

Some atheists are quite vocal about their beliefs, but only where they see
religion encroaching on matters which are not its business -- for example,
the government of the USA.  Such individuals are usually concerned that
church and state should remain separate.

"But if you don't allow religion to have a say in the running of the state,
 surely that's the same as state atheism?"

The principle of the separation of church and state is that the state shall
not legislate concerning matters of religious belief.  In particular, it
means not only that the state cannot promote one religion at the expense of
another, but also that it cannot promote any belief which is religious in
nature.

Religions can still have a say in discussion of purely secular matters.  For
example, religious believers have historically been responsible for
encouraging many political reforms.  Even today, many organizations
campaigning for an increase in spending on foreign aid are founded as
religious campaigns.  So long as they campaign concerning secular matters,
and so long as they do not discriminate on religious grounds, most atheists
are quite happy to see them have their say.

"What about prayer in schools? If there's no God, why do you care if people
 pray?"

Because people who do pray are voters and lawmakers, and tend to do things
that those who don't pray can't just ignore.  Also, Christian prayer in
schools is intimidating to non-Christians, even if they are told that they
need not join in.  The diversity of religious and non-religious belief means
that it is impossible to formulate a meaningful prayer that will be
acceptable to all those present at any public event.

Also, non-prayers tend to have friends and family who pray.  It is reasonable
to care about friends and family wasting their time, even without other
motives.

"You mentioned Christians who campaign for increased foreign aid.  What about
 atheists?  Why aren't there any atheist charities or hospitals?  Don't
 atheists object to the religious charities?"

There are many charities without religious purpose that atheists can
contribute to.  Some atheists contribute to religious charities as well, for
the sake of the practical good they do.  Some atheists even do voluntary work
for charities founded on a theistic basis.

Most atheists seem to feel that atheism isn't worth shouting about in
connection with charity.  To them, atheism is just a simple, obvious everyday
matter, and so is charity.  Many feel that it's somewhat cheap, not to say
self-righteous, to use simple charity as an excuse to plug a particular set
of religious beliefs.

To "weak" atheists, building a hospital to say "I do not believe in God" is a
rather strange idea; it's rather like holding a party to say "Today is not my
birthday".  Why the fuss?  Atheism is rarely evangelical.

"You said atheism isn't anti-religious.  But is it perhaps a backlash against
 one's upbringing, a way of rebelling?"

Perhaps it is, for some.  But many people have parents who do not attempt to
force any religious (or atheist) ideas upon them, and many of those people
choose to call themselves atheists.

It's also doubtless the case that some religious people chose religion as a
backlash against an atheist upbringing, as a way of being different.  On the
other hand, many people choose religion as a way of conforming to the
expectations of others.

On the whole, we can't conclude much about whether atheism or religion are
backlash or conformism; although in general, people have a tendency to go
along with a group rather than act or think independently.

"How do atheists differ from religious people?"

They don't believe in God.  That's all there is to it.

Atheists may listen to heavy metal -- backwards, even -- or they may prefer a
Verdi Requiem, even if they know the words.  They may wear Hawaiian shirts,
they may dress all in black, they may even wear orange robes.  (Many
Buddhists lack a belief in any sort of God.)  Some atheists even carry a copy
of the Bible around -- for arguing against, of course!

Whoever you are, the chances are you have met several atheists without
realising it.  Atheists are usually unexceptional in behaviour and
appearance.

"Unexceptional? But aren't atheists less moral than religious people?"

That depends.  If you define morality as obedience to God, then of course
atheists are less moral as they don't obey any God.  But usually when one
talks of morality, one talks of what is acceptable ("right") and unacceptable
("wrong") behaviour within society.

Humans are social animals, and to be maximally successful they must
co-operate with each other.  This is a good enough reason to discourage most
atheists from "anti-social" or "immoral" behaviour, purely for the purposes
of self-preservation.

Many atheists behave in a "moral" or "compassionate" way simply because they
feel a natural tendency to empathize with other humans.  So why do they care
what happens to others?  They don't know, they simply are that way.

Naturally, there are some people who behave "immorally" and try to use
atheism to justify their actions.  However, there are equally many people who
behave "immorally" and then try to use religious beliefs to justify their
actions.  For example:

  "Here is a trustworthy saying that deserves full acceptance: Jesus Christ
   came into the world to save sinners...  But for that very reason, I was
   shown mercy so that in me...  Jesus Christ might display His unlimited
   patience as an example for those who would believe in him and receive
   eternal life.  Now to the king eternal, immortal, invisible, the only God,
   be honor and glory forever and ever."

The above quote is from a statement made to the court on February 17th 1992
by Jeffrey Dahmer, the notorious cannibal serial killer of Milwaukee,
Wisconsin.  It seems that for every atheist mass-murderer, there is a
religious mass-murderer.  But what of more trivial morality?

   A survey conducted by the Roper Organization found that behavior
   deteriorated after "born again" experiences.  While only 4% of respondents
   said they had driven intoxicated before being "born again," 12% had done
   so after conversion.  Similarly, 5% had used illegal drugs before
   conversion, 9% after.  Two percent admitted to engaging in illicit sex
   before salvation; 5% after.
                                ["Freethought Today", September 1991, p. 12.]

So it seems that at best, religion does not have a monopoly on moral
behaviour.

"Is there such a thing as atheist morality?"

If you mean "Is there such a thing as morality for atheists?", then the
answer is yes, as explained above.  Many atheists have ideas about morality
which are at least as strong as those held by religious people.

If you mean "Does atheism have a characteristic moral code?", then the answer
is no.  Atheism by itself does not imply anything much about how a person
will behave.  Most atheists follow many of the same "moral rules" as theists,
but for different reasons.  Atheists view morality as something created by
humans, according to the way humans feel the world 'ought' to work, rather
than seeing it as a set of rules decreed by a supernatural being.

"Then aren't atheists just theists who are denying God?"

A study by the Freedom From Religion Foundation found that over 90% of the
atheists who responded became atheists because religion did not work for
them.  They had found that religious beliefs were fundamentally incompatible
with what they observed around them.

Atheists are not unbelievers through ignorance or denial; they are
unbelievers through choice.  The vast majority of them have spent time
studying one or more religions, sometimes in very great depth.  They have
made a careful and considered decision to reject religious beliefs.

This decision may, of course, be an inevitable consequence of that
individual's personality.  For a naturally sceptical person, the choice
of atheism is often the only one that makes sense, and hence the only
choice that person can honestly make.

"But don't atheists want to believe in God?"

Atheists live their lives as though there is nobody watching over them.  Many
of them have no desire to be watched over, no matter how good-natured the
"Big Brother" figure might be.

Some atheists would like to be able to believe in God -- but so what? Should
one believe things merely because one wants them to be true?  The risks of
such an approach should be obvious.  Atheists often decide that wanting to
believe something is not enough; there must be evidence for the belief.

"But of course atheists see no evidence for the existence of God -- they are
 unwilling in their souls to see!"

Many, if not most atheists were previously religious.  As has been explained
above, the vast majority have seriously considered the possibility that God
exists.  Many atheists have spent time in prayer trying to reach God.

Of course, it is true that some atheists lack an open mind; but assuming that
all atheists are biased and insincere is offensive and closed-minded.
Comments such as "Of course God is there, you just aren't looking properly"
are likely to be viewed as patronizing.

Certainly, if you wish to engage in philosophical debate with atheists it is
vital that you give them the benefit of the doubt and assume that they are
being sincere if they say that they have searched for God.  If you are not
willing to believe that they are basically telling the truth, debate is
futile.

"Isn't the whole of life completely pointless to an atheist?"

Many atheists live a purposeful life.  They decide what they think gives
meaning to life, and they pursue those goals.  They try to make their lives
count, not by wishing for eternal life, but by having an influence on other
people who will live on.  For example, an atheist may dedicate his life to
political reform, in the hope of leaving his mark on history.

It is a natural human tendency to look for "meaning" or "purpose" in random
events.  However, it is by no means obvious that "life" is the sort of thing
that has a "meaning".

To put it another way, not everything which looks like a question is actually
a sensible thing to ask.  Some atheists believe that asking "What is the
meaning of life?" is as silly as asking "What is the meaning of a cup of
coffee?".  They believe that life has no purpose or meaning, it just is.

"So how do atheists find comfort in time of danger?"

There are many ways of obtaining comfort; from family, friends, or even pets.
Or on a less spiritual level, from food or drink or TV.

That may sound rather an empty and vulnerable way to face danger, but so
what?  Should individuals believe in things because they are comforting, or
should they face reality no matter how harsh it might be?

In the end, it's a decision for the individual concerned.  Most atheists are
unable to believe something they would not otherwise believe merely because
it makes them feel comfortable.  They put truth before comfort, and consider
that if searching for truth sometimes makes them feel unhappy, that's just
hard luck.

"Don't atheists worry that they might suddenly be shown to be wrong?"

The short answer is "No, do you?"

Many atheists have been atheists for years.  They have encountered many
arguments and much supposed evidence for the existence of God, but they have
found all of it to be invalid or inconclusive.

Thousands of years of religious belief haven't resulted in any good proof of
the existence of God.  Atheists therefore tend to feel that they are unlikely
to be proved wrong in the immediate future, and they stop worrying about it.

"So why should theists question their beliefs? Don't the same arguments
 apply?"

No, because the beliefs being questioned are not similar.  Weak atheism is
the sceptical "default position" to take; it asserts nothing.  Strong atheism
is a negative belief.  Theism is a very strong positive belief.

Atheists sometimes also argue that theists should question their beliefs
because of the very real harm they can cause -- not just to the believers,
but to everyone else.

"What sort of harm?"

Religion represents a huge financial and work burden on mankind.  It's not
just a matter of religious believers wasting their money on church buildings;
think of all the time and effort spent building churches, praying, and so on.
Imagine how that effort could be better spent.

Many theists believe in miracle healing.  There have been plenty of instances
of ill people being "healed" by a priest, ceasing to take the medicines
prescribed to them by doctors, and dying as a result.  Some theists have died
because they have refused blood transfusions on religious grounds.

It is arguable that the Catholic Church's opposition to birth control -- and
condoms in particular -- is increasing the problem of overpopulation in many
third-world countries and contributing to the spread of AIDS world-wide.

Religious believers have been known to murder their children rather than
allow their children to become atheists or marry someone of a different
religion.

"Those weren't REAL believers.  They just claimed to be believers as some
 sort of excuse."

What makes a real believer?  There are so many One True Religions it's hard
to tell.  Look at Christianity: there are many competing groups, all
convinced that they are the only true Christians.  Sometimes they even fight
and kill each other.  How is an atheist supposed to decide who's a REAL
Christian and who isn't, when even the major Christian churches like the
Catholic Church and the Church of England can't decide amongst themselves?

In the end, most atheists take a pragmatic view, and decide that anyone who
calls himself a Christian, and uses Christian belief or dogma to justify his
actions, should be considered a Christian.  Maybe some of those Christians
are just perverting Christian teaching for their own ends -- but surely if
the Bible can be so readily used to support un-Christian acts it can't be
much of a moral code? If the Bible is the word of God, why couldn't he have
made it less easy to misinterpret? And how do you know that your beliefs
aren't a perversion of what your God intended?

If there is no single unambiguous interpretation of the Bible, then why
should an atheist take one interpretation over another just on your say-so?
Sorry, but if someone claims that he believes in Jesus and that he murdered
others because Jesus and the Bible told him to do so, we must call him a
Christian.

"Obviously those extreme sorts of beliefs should be questioned.  But since
 nobody has ever proved that God does not exist, it must be very unlikely
 that more basic religious beliefs, shared by all faiths, are nonsense."

That does not hold, because as was pointed out at the start of this dialogue,
positive assertions concerning the existence of entities are inherently much
harder to disprove than negative ones.  Nobody has ever proved that unicorns
don't exist, but that doesn't make it unlikely that they are myths.

It is therefore much more valid to hold a negative assertion by default than
it is to hold a positive assertion by default.  Of course, "weak" atheists
would argue that asserting nothing is better still.

"Well, if atheism's so great, why are there so many theists?"

Unfortunately, the popularity of a belief has little to do with how "correct"
it is, or whether it "works"; consider how many people believe in astrology,
graphology, and other pseudo-sciences.

Many atheists feel that it is simply a human weakness to want to believe in
gods.  Certainly in many primitive human societies, religion allows the
people to deal with phenomena that they do not adequately understand.

Of course, there's more to religion than that.  In the industrialized world,
we find people believing in religious explanations of phenomena even when
there are perfectly adequate natural explanations.  Religion may have started
as a means of attempting to explain the world, but nowadays it serves other
purposes as well.

"But so many cultures have developed religions.  Surely that must say
 something?"

Not really.  Most religions are only superficially similar; for example, it's
worth remembering that religions such as Buddhism and Taoism lack any sort of
concept of God in the Christian sense.

Of course, most religions are quick to denounce competing religions, so it's
rather odd to use one religion to try and justify another.

"What about all the famous scientists and philosophers who have concluded
 that God exists?"

For every scientist or philosopher who believes in a god, there is one who
does not.  Besides, as has already been pointed out, the truth of a belief is
not determined by how many people believe it.  Also, it is important to
realize that atheists do not view famous scientists or philosophers in the
same way that theists view their religious leaders.

A famous scientist is only human; she may be an expert in some fields, but
when she talks about other matters her words carry no special weight.  Many
respected scientists have made themselves look foolish by speaking on
subjects which lie outside their fields of expertise.

"So are you really saying that widespread belief in religion indicates
 nothing?"

Not entirely.  It certainly indicates that the religion in question has
properties which have helped it so spread so far.

The theory of memetics talks of "memes" -- sets of ideas which can propagate
themselves between human minds, by analogy with genes.  Some atheists view
religions as sets of particularly successful parasitic memes, which spread by
encouraging their hosts to convert others.  Some memes avoid destruction by
discouraging believers from questioning doctrine, or by using peer pressure
to keep one-time believers from admitting that they were mistaken.  Some
religious memes even encourage their hosts to destroy hosts controlled by
other memes.

Of course, in the memetic view there is no particular virtue associated with
successful propagation of a meme.  Religion is not a good thing because of
the number of people who believe it, any more than a disease is a good thing
because of the number of people who have caught it.

"Even if religion is not entirely true, at least it puts across important
 messages.  What are the fundamental messages of atheism?"

There are many important ideas atheists promote.  The following are just a
few of them; don't be surprised to see ideas which are also present in some
religions.

   There is more to moral behaviour than mindlessly following rules.

   Be especially sceptical of positive claims.

   If you want your life to have some sort of meaning, it's up to you to
   find it.

   Search for what is true, even if it makes you uncomfortable.

   Make the most of your life, as it's probably the only one you'll have.

   It's no good relying on some external power to change you; you must change
   yourself.

   Just because something's popular doesn't mean it's good.

   If you must assume something, assume something it's easy to test.

   Don't believe things just because you want them to be true.

and finally (and most importantly):

   All beliefs should be open to question.

Thanks for taking the time to read this article.


mathew

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: 2.2

iQCVAgUBK8AjRXzXN+VrOblFAQFSbwP+MHePY4g7ge8Mo5wpsivX+kHYYxMErFAO
7ltVtMVTu66Nz6sBbPw9QkbjArbY/S2sZ9NF5htdii0R6SsEyPl0R6/9bV9okE/q
nihqnzXE8pGvLt7tlez4EoeHZjXLEFrdEyPVayT54yQqGb4HARbOEHDcrTe2atmP
q0Z4hSSPpAU=
=q2V5
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----

For information about PGP 2.2, send mail to pgpinfo@mantis.co.uk.
�

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

In article <65974@mimsy.umd.edu>
mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
 
>>Well, John has a quite different, not necessarily more elaborated theology.
>>There is some evidence that he must have known Luke, and that the content
>>of Q was known to him, but not in a 'canonized' form.
>
>This is a new argument to me.  Could you elaborate a little?
>
 
The argument goes as follows: Q-oid quotes appear in John, but not in
the almost codified way they were in Matthew or Luke. However, they are
considered to be similar enough to point to knowledge of Q as such, and
not an entirely different source.
 
 
>>Assuming that he knew Luke would obviously put him after Luke, and would
>>give evidence for the latter assumption.
>
>I don't think this follows.  If you take the most traditional attributions,
>then Luke might have known John, but John is an elder figure in either case.
>We're talking spans of time here which are well within the range of
>lifetimes.
 
We are talking date of texts here, not the age of the authors. The usual
explanation for the time order of Mark, Matthew and Luke does not consider
their respective ages. It says Matthew has read the text of Mark, and Luke
that of Matthew (and probably that of Mark).
 
As it is assumed that John knew the content of Luke's text. The evidence
for that is not overwhelming, admittedly.
 
 
>>>(1)  Earlier manuscripts of John have been discovered.
>
>>Interesting, where and which? How are they dated? How old are they?
>
>Unfortunately, I haven't got the info at hand.  It was (I think) in the late
>'70s or early '80s, and it was possibly as old as CE 200.
>
 
When they are from about 200, why do they shed doubt on the order on
putting John after the rest of the three?
 
 
>>I don't see your point, it is exactly what James Felder said.  They had no
>>first hand knowledge of the events, and it obvious that at least two of them
>>used older texts as the base of their account.  And even the association of
>>Luke to Paul or Mark to Peter are not generally accepted.
>
>Well, a genuine letter of Peter would be close enough, wouldn't it?
>
 
Sure, an original together with Id card of sender and receiver would be
fine. So what's that supposed to say? Am I missing something?
 
 
>And I don't think a "one step removed" source is that bad.  If Luke and Mark
>and Matthew learned their stories directly from diciples, then I really
>cannot believe in the sort of "big transformation from Jesus to gospel" that
>some people posit.  In news reports, one generally gets no better
>information than this.
>
>And if John IS a diciple, then there's nothing more to be said.
>
 
That John was a disciple is not generally accepted. The style and language
together with the theology are usually used as counterargument.
 
The argument that John was a disciple relies on the claim in the gospel
of John itself. Is there any other evidence for it?
 
One step and one generation removed is bad even in our times. Compare that
to reports of similar events in our century in almost illiterate societies.
Not even to speak off that believers are not necessarily the best sources.
 
 
>>It is also obvious that Mark has been edited. How old are the oldest
>>manuscripts? To my knowledge (which can be antiquated) the oldest is
>>quite after any of these estimates, and it is not even complete.
>
>The only clear "editing" is problem of the ending, and it's basically a
>hopeless mess.  The oldest versions give a strong sense of incompleteness,
>to the point where the shortest versions seem to break off in midsentence.
>The most obvious solution is that at some point part of the text was lost.
>The material from verse 9 on is pretty clearly later and seems to represent
>a synopsys of the end of Luke.
>
In other words, one does not know what the original of Mark did look like
and arguments based on Mark are pretty weak.
 
But how is that connected to a redating of John?
   Benedikt

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: university violating separation of church/state?

dmn@kepler.unh.edu (...until kings become philosophers or philosophers become kings) writes:
>      Recently, RAs have been ordered (and none have resisted or cared about
> it apparently) to post a religious flyer entitled _The Soul Scroll: Thoughts
> on religion, spirituality, and matters of the soul_ on the inside of bathroom
> stall doors. (at my school, the University of New Hampshire) It is some sort
> of newsletter assembled by a Hall Director somewhere on campus. It poses a
> question about 'spirituality' each issue, and solicits responses to be 
> included in the next 'issue.' It's all pretty vague. I assume it's put out
> by a Christian, but they're very careful not to mention Jesus or the bible.
> I've heard someone defend it, saying "Well it doesn't support any one religion.
> " So what??? This is a STATE university, and as a strong supporter of the
> separation of church and state, I was enraged.
> 
>      What can I do about this?

It sounds to me like it's just SCREAMING OUT for parody.  Give a copy to your
friendly neighbourhood SubGenius preacher; with luck, he'll run it through the
mental mincer and hand you back an outrageously offensive and gut-bustingly
funny parody you can paste over the originals.

I can see it now:

                               The Stool Scroll
         Thoughts on Religion, Spirituality, and Matters of the Colon

                       (You can use this text to wipe)


mathew

From: strom@Watson.Ibm.Com (Rob Strom)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <N4HY.93Apr5120934@harder.ccr-p.ida.org>, n4hy@harder.ccr-p.ida.org (Bob McGwier) writes:

|> [1] HOWEVER, I hate economic terrorism and political correctness
|> worse than I hate this policy.  


|> [2] A more effective approach is to stop donating
|> to ANY organizating that directly or indirectly supports gay rights issues
|> until they end the boycott on funding of scouts.  

Can somebody reconcile the apparent contradiction between [1] and [2]?

-- 
Rob Strom, strom@watson.ibm.com, (914) 784-7641
IBM Research, 30 Saw Mill River Road, P.O. Box 704, Yorktown Heights, NY  10598

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

In article <1993Apr5.091139.823@batman.bmd.trw.com>
jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
 
>> Didn't you say Lucifer was created with a perfect nature?
>
>Yes.
>
 
Define perfect then.
 
 
>> I think you
>> are playing the usual game here, make sweeping statements like omni-,
>> holy, or perfect, and don't note that they mean exactly what they say.
>> And that says that you must not use this terms when it leads to
>> contradictions.
>
>I'm not trying to play games here.  But I understand how it might seem
>that way especially when one is coming from a completely different point
>of view such as atheism.
>
 
Take your foot out of your mouth, I wondered about that already when I
was a Catholic Christian. The fact that the contradiction is unresolvable
is one of the reasons why I am an atheist.
 
Believe me, I believed similar sentences for a long time. But that shows
the power of religion and not anything about its claims.
 
 
>>>Now God could have prevented Lucifer's fall by taking away his ability
>>>to choose between moral alternatives (worship God or worship himself),
>>>but that would mean that God was in error to have make Lucifer or any
>>>being with free will in the first place.
>>
>> Exactly. God allows evil, an evil if there ever was one.
>>
>
>Now that's an opinion, or at best a premise.  But from my point of view,
>it is not a premise which is necessary true, specifically, that it is
>an evil to allow evil to occur.
>
 
It follows from a definition of evil as ordinarily used. Letting evil
happen or allowing evil to take place, in this place even causing evil,
is another evil.
 
 
>> But could you give a definition of free will? Especially in the
>> presence of an omniscient being?
>>
>"Will" is "self-determination".  In other words, God created conscious
>beings who have the ability to choose between moral choices independently
>of God.  All "will", therefore, is "free will".
>
 
The omniscient attribute of god will know what the creatures will do even
before the omnipotent has created them. There is no choice left. All is known,
the course of events is fixed.
 
Not even for the omniscient itself, to extend an argument by James Tims.
 
 
>>>If God is omniscient, then
>>>clearly, creating beings with free moral choice is a greater good than
>>>the emergence of ungodliness (evil/sin) since He created them knowing
>>>the outcome in advance.
>>
>> Why is it the greater good to allow evil with the knowledge that it
>> will happen? Why not make a unipolar system with the possibility of
>> doing good or not doing good, but that does not necessarily imply
>> doing evil. It is logically possible, but your god has not done it.
>
>I do not know that such is logically possible.  If God restrains a
>free being's choice to choose to do evil and simply do "not good",
>then can it be said that the being truly has a free moral choice?
>And if "good" is defined as loving and obeying God, and avoiding
>those behaviors which God prohibits, then how can you say that one
>who is "not good" is not evil as well?  Like I said, I am not sure
>that doing "not good" without doing evil is logically possible.
 
And when I am not omnipotent, how can I have free will? You have said
something about choices and the scenario gives them. Therefore we have
what you define as free will.
 
Imagine the following. I can do good to other beings, but I cannot harm them.
Easily implemented by making everyone appreciate being the object of good
deeds, but don't make them long for them, so they can not feel the absence
of good as evil.
 
But whose case am I arguing? It is conceivable, so the omnipotent can do it.
Or it would not be omnipotent. If you want logically consistent as well, you
have to give up the pet idea of an omnipotent first.
 
(Deletion)
>
>Perhaps it is weak, in a way.  If I were just speculating about the
>ubiquitous pink unicorns, then there would be no basis for such
>speculation.  But this idea of God didn't just fall on me out of the
>blue :), or while reading science fiction or fantasy.  (I know that
>some will disagree)  :)  The Bible describes a God who is omniscient,
>and nevertheless created beings with free moral choice, from which
>the definitional logic follows.  But that's not all there is to it.
>There seems to be (at least in my mind) a certain amount of evidence
>which indicates that God exists and that the Biblical description
>of Him may be a fair one.  It is that evidence which bolsters the
>argument in my view.
 
That the bible describes an omniscient and omnipotent god destroys
the credibility of the bible, nothing less.
 
And a lot of people would be interested in evidence for a god,
unfortunately, there can't be any with these definitions.
   Benedikt

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Political Atheists?

arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:

>>The motto originated in the Star-Spangled Banner.  Tell me that this has
>>something to do with atheists.
>The motto _on_coins_ originated as a McCarthyite smear which equated atheism
>with Communism and called both unamerican.

No it didn't.  The motto has been on various coins since the Civil War.
It was just required to be on *all* currency in the 50's.

keith

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <114127@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
>>When they are victimized they are Muslims. When they victimize others
>>they are not True Muslims (tm) or no Muslims at all.
>
>>Quite annoying.
>
>I don't understand the point of this petty sarcasm. It is a basic
>principle of Islam that if one is born muslim or one says "I testify
>that there is no god but God and Mohammad is a prophet of God" that,
>so long as one does not explicitly reject Islam by word then one _must_
>be considered muslim by all muslims. So the phenomenon you're attempting
>to make into a general rule or psychology is a direct odds with basic
>Islamic principles. If you want to attack Islam you could do better than
>than to argue against something that Islam explicitly contradicts.
>
 
It was no criticism of Islam for a change, it was a criticism of the
arguments used. Namely, whenever people you identify as Muslims are
the victims of the attacks of others, they are used an argument for
the bad situation of Muslims. But whenever deeds by Muslim that victimize
others are named, they do not count as an argument because what these
people did was not done as a true Muslims. No mention is made how Muslims
are the cause of a bad situation of another party.
 
Double standards.
   Benedikt

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

(reference line trimmed)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

[...]

>There is a good deal more confusion here.   You started off with the 
>assertion that there was some "objective" morality, and as you admit
>here, you finished up with a recursive definition.   Murder is 
>"objectively" immoral, but eactly what is murder and what is not itself
>requires an appeal to morality.

Yes.

>Now you have switch targets a little, but only a little.   Now you are
>asking what is the "goal"?   What do you mean by "goal?".   Are you
>suggesting that there is some "objective" "goal" out there somewhere,
>and we form our morals to achieve it?

Well, for example, the goal of "natural" morality is the survival and
propogation of the species.  Another example of a moral system is
presented within the Declaration of Independence, which states that we
should be guaranteed life liberty and the pursuit of happiness.  You see,
to have a moral system, we must define the purpose of the system.  That is,
we shall be moral unto what end?

>>Murder is certainly a violation of the golden rule.  And, I thought I had
>>defined murder as an intentional killing of a non-murderer, against his will.
>>And you responded to this by asking whether or not the execution of an
>>innocent person under our system of capital punishment was a murder or not.
>>I fail to see what this has to do with anything.  I never claimed that our
>>system of morality was an objective one.
>I thought that was your very first claim.   That there was
>some kind of "objective" morality, and that an example of that was
>that murder is wrong.   If you don't want to claim that any more,
>that's fine.

Well, murder violates the golen rule, which is certainly a pillar of most
every moral system.  However, I am not assuming that our current system
and the manner of its implementation are objectively moral.  I think that
it is a very good approximation, but we can't be perfect.

>And by the way, you don't seem to understand the difference between
>"arbitrary" and "objective".   If Keith Schneider "defines" murder
>to be this that and the other, that's arbitrary.   Jon Livesey may
>still say "Well, according to my personal system of morality, all
>killing of humans against their will is murder, and wrong, and what
>the legal definition of murder may be in the USA, Kuweit, Saudi
>Arabia, or the PRC may be matters not a whit to me".

Well, "objective" would assume a system based on clear and fundamental
concepts, while "arbitary" implies no clear line of reasoning.

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: >>>>>>Pompous ass

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:

>>Then why do people keep asking the same questions over and over?
>Because you rarely ever answer them.

Nope, I've answered each question posed, and most were answered multiple
times.

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: >>>>>>Pompous ass

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>>How long does it [the motto] have to stay around before it becomes the
>>>default?  ...  Where's the cutoff point? 
>>I don't know where the exact cutoff is, but it is at least after a few
>>years, and surely after 40 years.
>Why does the notion of default not take into account changes
>in population makeup?     

Specifically, which changes are you talking about?  Are you arguing
that the motto is interpreted as offensive by a larger portion of the
population now than 40 years ago?

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Keith Schneider - Stealth Poster?

sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:

>>To borrow from philosophy, you don't truly understand the color red
>>until you have seen it.
>Not true, even if you have experienced the color red you still might
>have a different interpretation of it.

But, you wouldn't know what red *was*, and you certainly couldn't judge
it subjectively.  And, objectivity is not applicable, since you are wanting
to discuss the merits of red.

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Keith Schneider - Stealth Poster?

arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:

>>But, if you were to discuss the merits of racism, or its psycholgical
>>benefits, you would do well to have experienced it personally.
>When you speak of "experiencing religion" you mean someone should believe in
>a religion.

That's right, and this is pretty impossible, right?  It would be ideal if
we could believe for a while, just to try out religion, and only then
determine which course of thought suits us best.  But again, this is not
possible.  Not that religion warrants belief, but the belief carries with
it some psychological benefits.  There are also some psychological
burdens, too.

>When you speak of "experiencing racism", do you mean that someone should
>believe in racism, or that they should have racist things done to them?  For
>parallelism, the former must be what you meant, but it seems to be an odd
>usage of the phrase.

Well, if there were some psychological or other benefits gained from racism,
they could only be fully understood or judged by persons actually "believing"
in racism.  Of course, the parallel happens to be a poor one, but you
originated it.

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>>But, you don't know that capital punishment is wrong, so it isn't the same
>>as shooting.  A better analogy would be that you continue to drive your car,
>>realizing that sooner or later, someone is going to be killed in an automobile
>>accident.  You *know* people get killed as a result of driving, yet you
>>continue to do it anyway.
>Uh uh.  You do not know that you will be the one to do the
>killing.  I'm not sure I'd drive a car if I had sufficient evidence to
>conclude that I would necessarily kill someone during my lifetime.

Yes, and everyone thinks as you do.  No one thinks that he is going to cause
or be involved in a fatal accident, but the likelihood is surprisingly high.
Just because you are the man on the firing squad whose gun is shooting
blanks does not mean that you are less guilty.

>I don't know about Jon, but I say *ALL* taking of human life is
>murder.  And I say murder is wrong in all but one situation:  when
>it is the only action that will prevent another murder, either of
>myself or another.

You mean that killing is wrong in all but one situtation?  And, you should
note that that situation will never occur.  There are always other options
thank killing.  Why don't you just say that all killing is wrong.  This
is basically what you are saying.

>I'm getting a bit tired of your probabilistic arguments.

Are you attempting to be condescending?

>That the system usually works pretty well is small consolation to
>the poor innocent bastard getting the lethal injection.  Is your
>personal value of human life based solely on a statistical approach?
>You sound like an unswerving adherent to the needs of the many
>outweighing the needs of the few, so fuck the few.

But, most people have found the risk to be acceptable.  You are probably
much more likely to die in a plane crash, or even using an electric
blender, than you are to be executed as an innocent.  I personally think
that the risk is acceptable, but in an ideal moral system, no such risk
is acceptable.  "Acceptable" is the fudge factor necessary in such an
approximation to the ideal.

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>>I think that about 70% (or so) people approve of the
>>death penalty, even realizing all of its shortcomings.  Doesn't this make
>>it reasonable?  Or are *you* the sole judge of reasonability?
>Aside from revenge, what merits do you find in capital punishment?

Are we talking about me, or the majority of the people that support it?
Anyway, I think that "revenge" or "fairness" is why most people are in
favor of the punishment.  If a murderer is going to be punished, people
that think that he should "get what he deserves."  Most people wouldn't
think it would be fair for the murderer to live, while his victim died.

>Revenge?  Petty and pathetic.

Perhaps you think that it is petty and pathetic, but your views are in the
minority.

>We have a local televised hot topic talk show that very recently
>did a segment on capital punishment.  Each and every advocate of
>the use of this portion of our system of "jurisprudence" cited the
>main reason for supporting it:  "That bastard deserved it".  True
>human compassion, forgiveness, and sympathy.

Where are we required to have compassion, forgiveness, and sympathy?  If
someone wrongs me, I will take great lengths to make sure that his advantage
is removed, or a similar situation is forced upon him.  If someone kills
another, then we can apply the golden rule and kill this person in turn.
Is not our entire moral system based on such a concept?

Or, are you stating that human life is sacred, somehow, and that it should
never be violated?  This would sound like some sort of religious view.
 
>>I mean, how reasonable is imprisonment, really, when you think about it?
>>Sure, the person could be released if found innocent, but you still
>>can't undo the imiprisonment that was served.  Perhaps we shouldn't
>>imprision people if we could watch them closely instead.  The cost would
>>probably be similar, especially if we just implanted some sort of
>>electronic device.
>Would you rather be alive in prison or dead in the chair?  

Once a criminal has committed a murder, his desires are irrelevant.

And, you still have not answered my question.  If you are concerned about
the death penalty due to the possibility of the execution of an innocent,
then why isn't this same concern shared with imprisonment.  Shouldn't we,
by your logic, administer as minimum as punishment as possible, to avoid
violating the liberty or happiness of an innocent person?

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Political Atheists?

bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>>If I kill this person [an innocent person convicted of murder],
>>then a murder would be committed, but I would not be the murderer.  At least,
>>I wouldn't "reasonably" be considered a murderer, with "reasonable" being
>>introduced as a fudge factor necessary to account for the inability to be
>>totally objective due to a lack of absolutely true information.
>If society collective decides to carry the burden of executing
>it's citizens, then it also carries the blame for their innocent
>blood.  Each and every voter who casts a ballot in favor of
>capital punishment is in part guilty of the murder of each and
>every innocent victim of the system.

Why are only those people in favor of the system to blame.  If society
accepts such a system, then each member of society is to blame when
an innocent person gets executed.  Those that are not in favor should
work to convince others.

And, most members of our society have accepted the blame--they've considered
the risk to be acceptable.  Similarly, every person who drives must accept
the blame for fatal traffic accidents.  This is something that is surely
going to happen when so many people are driving.  It is all a question of
what risk is acceptable.  It is much more likely that an innocent person
will be killed driving than it is that one will be executed.

keith

Subject: Re: Don't more innocents die without the death penalty?
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)

In article <2942881697.0.p00168@psilink.com> p00168@psilink.com (James F. Tims) writes:
>
>By maintaining classes D and E, even in prison, it seems as if we 
>place more innocent people at a higher risk of an unjust death than 
>we would if the state executed classes D and E with an occasional error.
>

  I answer from the position that we would indeed place these people
  in prison for life.

  That depends not only on their predisposition towards murder, but
  also in their success rate at escape and therefore their ability
  to commit the same crimes again.

  In other words, if lifetime imprisonment doesn't work, perhaps
  it's not because we're not executing these people, but because
  we're not being careful enough about how we lock them up.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)

In article <1993Apr3.081052.11292@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>I propose
>that these two trends -- greater level of general depression in society
>(and other psychological problems) and greater sexual promiscuity -- are
>linked, with the latter being a prime cause of the former.  I cannot
>provide any evidence beyond this at this stage, but the whole thesis
>seems very reasonable to me and I request that people ponder upon it.
>

  Damn right you can't provide any evidence for it.  

  Rarely are any widespread social phenomenon reducible to such a
  simple premise.  If they were, psychology would be a hard science
  with roughly the same mathematical soundness as physics.  

  Your premise may well be right.  It is much more likely, however,
  that it reflects your socialization and religious background, as
  well as your need to validate your religious beliefs.  Were I to
  pretend to have all the answers (and I don't), I would say that the
  xenophobia, guilt, and intolerance brought about by adherence to 
  fundamentalist religions play just as large a role in depressing
  the members of our society.

  Your mileage obviously varies.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)

In article <1993Apr3.212139.14076@blaze.cs.jhu.edu> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
>In article <1pj9bs$d4j@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>>I would say that one innocent person killed is in some sense
>>as bad as many.   We certainly feel that way when we punish
>>someone for a single murder.
>>Now if we reform system X, by reducing the number of deaths
>>by one, we produce system XX.    I'd say we should not go back
>>to system X, even though by doing so we would re-introduce only 
>>a single extra death.
>
>Bob seems to think that one is as bad as many in a sense somewhat stronger than
>the one you indicate.
>--

  Yes, I do.  

  My argument is that the sole purpose of the death penalty is to
  kill people.  That is it's primary (and I would argue only)
  purpose.  To continue to kill people by a practice that has
  almost no utility, especially when you know you will be killing
  innocents, is unconscionable.

  At the very least, the existence of the prison system and our
  transportation system are based on their merits to society, not
  their detriments.  We are willing to accept a few lost innocent
  lives because there is an overwhelming benefit to the continued
  existence of these systems.  One has to stretch the evidence and
  the arguments to make the same claim for capital punishment.

  Just in case I wasn't clear again:  We maintain a capital
  punsihment system that kills innocent people and provides us with
  no net positive gain.  Why?

  Were you to pin me in a corner and ask, I would have to respond
  that I don't belief the state should have the right to take life
  at all.  But I won't open that debate, as it seems others are
  tiring of this thread on a.a anyway.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Subject: Re: There must be a creator! (Maybe)
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)

In article <16BA1E927.DRPORTER@SUVM.SYR.EDU>, DRPORTER@SUVM.SYR.EDU (Brad Porter) writes:
>
>   Science is wonderful at answering most of our questions.  I'm not the type
>to question scientific findings very often, but...  Personally, I find the
>theory of evolution to be unfathomable.  Could humans, a highly evolved,
>complex organism that thinks, learns, and develops truly be an organism
>that resulted from random genetic mutations and natural selection?

[...stuff deleted...]

Computers are an excellent example...of evolution without "a" creator.
We did not "create" computers.  We did not create the sand that goes
into the silicon that goes into the integrated circuits that go into
processor board.  We took these things and put them together in an
interesting way. Just like plants "create" oxygen using light through 
photosynthesis.  It's a much bigger leap to talk about something that
created "everything" from nothing.  I find it unfathomable to resort
to believing in a creator when a much simpler alternative exists: we
simply are incapable of understanding our beginnings -- if there even
were beginnings at all.  And that's ok with me.  The present keeps me
perfectly busy.

-jim halat


Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)

In article <j0=5l3=@rpi.edu>, johnsd2@jec322.its.rpi.edu (Dan Johnson) writes:
>In article 143048IO30436@MAINE.MAINE.EDU, <IO30436@MAINE.MAINE.EDU> () writes:

Dan Johnson-

You don't know me, but take this hand anyway.  Bravo for GO(DS) = 0. 
Beautiful!  Simply beautiful!

-jim halat


Subject: Re: Speculations
From: dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham)

In article <930405.172903.4w6.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu> writes:
>> If this god is truly omnipotent as you folks like to claim, then why can't
>> he terminate eternity?
>
>For the same reason he can't flibble glop ork groink.
>
>The thing you are demanding that he must be able to do, has no meaning in its
>own terms.

This is a classic example of excessive faith in reason.  The fact that we
have trouble talking about something doesn't imply that it is impossible; it
simply implies that it is hard to talk about.  There is a very good chance
that God *can* flibble glop ork groink.  Charlie Wingate can flibble glop
ork groink, and he isn't even God.
--
Doug Graham         dgraham@bnr.ca         My opinions are my own.

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>Much though it might be fun to debate capital punishment itself,
>this is probably the wrong group for it.  The only relevance here
>is that you don't seem to be able to tell us what capital punishment
>actually is, and when it is murder.  That is, when you tell us murder
>is wrong, you are using a term you have not yet defined.

Well, I've said that when an innocent person has been executed, this is
objectively a murder.  However, who is at blame is another question.
It seems that the entire society that sanctions any sorts of executions--
realizing the risks--is to blame.

>There is a *probability* of 
>killing an innocent person by shooting at random into the air, and 
>there is a *probability* of killing an innocent person when the
>state administers a system of capital punishment.  So when you do
>either, you know that they actions you are taking will sooner or 
>later result in the killing of an innocent person.

Yes, but there is also a probablity that you will kill someone doing
any raondom activity.  Presumably, you had not isolated yourself totally
from the rest of society because of this.

>>And, driving will kill people, as will airlines, but people continue to do
>>both.
>Driving and flying are not punishments inflicted on unwilling
>prisoners by Courts.  They are risks that we take upon ourselves
>willingly.

And I argue that our law system is a similar risk.  Perhaps an innocent
person will be punished someday, but we work to prevent this.  In fact,
many criminals go free as a result of our trying to prevent punishment
of innocents.

>If our own driving kills someone else, then sure, there is a moral
>issue.  I know at least one person who was involved in a fatal
>accident, and they felt vey guilty afterwards.

But, such accidents are to be totally expected, given the numner of vehicals
on the road.  Again, the blame is on society.

>>No I'm not.  This is what you said.  You were saying that if there were such
>>a false witness that resulted in an innocent person being convicted and killed
>>, it would still be the fault of the state, since it did the actual killing.
>No, I just commented that the state does the killing.  It does not
>depend on there being false witnesses.  How could it?  The state
>does the killing even in the case of sincere mistakes

Yes, but the state is not at fault in such a case.  The state can only do
so much to prevent false witnesses.

>>It is possible.  So, what are you trying to say, that capital punishment
>>is always murder because of the possibilty of human error invalidating
>>the system?
>I'm saying capital punishment is murder, period.  Not because of
>this that and the other, but because it involves taking human life.
>That's *my* definition of murder.  I make no appeals to dictionaries
>or to "objective" morals.

Okay, so this is what you call murder.  But, the question is whether or not
all such "murders" are wrong.  Are you saying that all taking of human life
is wrong, no matter what the circumstances?

>If we, as a society, decide to murder someone, then we should say
>that, and lists our reasons for doing so, and live with the moral
>consequences.  We should not play word games and pretend that
>murder isn't murder.  And that's *my* opinion about how society
>ought to be run.

But, this is basically how it works.  Society accepts the risk that an
innocent person will be murdered by execution.  And, every member of
society shares this blame.  And, most people's definitions of murder
include some sort of malicious intent, which is not involved in an
execution, is it?

>>But, we were trying to discuss an objective moral system, or at least its
>>possibilty.  What ramifications does your personal system have on an
>>objective one?
>No, we were not discussing an objective moral system.  I was showing
>you that you didn't have one, because, for one thing, you were incapable
>of defining the terms in it, for example, "murder".

Murder violates the golden rule.  Executions do not, because by allowing
it at all, society implicitly accepts the consequences no matter who the
innocent victim is.

>>We're not talking about reading minds, we are just talking about knowing the
>>truth.  Yes, we can never be absolutely certain that we have the truth, but
>>the court systems work on a principle of knowing the "truth" "beyond a
>>reasonable doubt."  
>Sorry, but you simply are not quoting yourself accurately.  Here
>is what you said:
>	"And, since we are looking totally objectively at this case,
>	then we know what people are thinking when they are voting to
>	execute the person or not.  If the intent is malicious and 
>	unfair, then the execution would be murder."
>What you are doing now is to slide into another claim, which is
>quite different.  The jury being *persuaded* beyond a serious
>doubt is not the same as us knowing what is in their minds beyond
>a serious doubt.

Reading the minds of the jury would certainly tell whether or not a conviction
was moral or not.  But, in an objective system, only the absolute truth
matters, and the jury system is one method to approximate such a truth.  That
is, twelve members must be convinced of a truth.

>Moreover, a jury which comes from a sufficiently prejudiced background
>may allow itself to be persuaded beyond a serious doubt on evidence
>that you and I would laugh at.

But then, if we read the minds of these people, we would know that the
conviction was unfair.

>>But, would it be perfectly fair if we could read minds?  If we assume that
>>it would be fair if we knew the absolute truth, why is it so much less
>>fair, in your opinion, if we only have a good approximation of the absolute
>>truth?
>It's not a question of fairness.  Your claim, which I have quoted
>above is a claim about whether we can *know* it was fair, so as to
>be able to distinguish capital punishnment from murder.

Yes, while we could objectively determine the difference (if we knew all
possible information), we can't always determine the difference in our
flawed system.  I think that our system is almost as good as possible,
but it still isn't objectively perfect.  You see, it doesn't matter if
we *know* it is fair or not.  Objectively, it is either fair or it is not.

>Now there's a huge difference.  If we can read minds, we can know,
>and if we cannot read minds, we can know nothing.  The difference
>is not in degree of fairness, but in what we can know.

But what we know has no effect on an objective system.

>>I think it is possible to produce a fairly objective system, if we are
>>clear on which goals it is supposed to promote.
>I'm not going to waste my time trying to devise a system that I am
>pretty sure does not exist.

Why are you so sure?

>I simply want people to confront reality.  *My* reality, remember.

Why is *your* reality important?

>In this case, the reality is that, "ideal theories' apart, we can
>never know, even after the fact, about the fairness of the justice
>system.  For every innocent person released from Death Row, there
>may have been a dozen innocent people executed, or a hundred, or
>none at all.  We simply don't know.

But, we can assume that the system is fairly decent, at least most likely.
And, you realize that the correctness of our system says nothing about a
totally ideal and objective system.

>Now what are we going to do?  On the one hand, we can pretend
>that we have an 'ideal' theory, and that we can know things we can
>never know, and the Justie System is fair, and that we can wave a 
>magic wand and make certain types of killing not murder, and go 
>on our way.

Well, we can have an ideal system, but the working system can not be ideal.
We can only hope to create a system that is as close an approximation to
the ideal system as possible.

>On the other hand, we can recognize that all Justice has a small
>- we hope - probability of punishing the innocent, and that in the
>end we do bear moral responsibility even for the probabilistic
>consequences of the systems we set up, and then say, "Well, here
>we go, murdering again."  Maybe some of us will even say "Gee, I
>wonder if all this is strictly necessary?"

Yes, we all bear the responsibility.  Most people seem willing to do this.

>I think that the second is preferable in that if requires people
>to face the moral consequences of what we do as a society, instead
>of sheltering ourselves from them by magic ceremonies and word 
>games.

We must realize the consequences of all our actions.  Why do you keep
separating the justice system from the pack?

>And lest I forget, I also don't think we have an objective moral
>system, and I believe I only have to take that idea seriously
>when someone presents evidence of it.

I don't think our country has an objective system, but I think such an
objective system can exist, in theory.  Without omniscience, an objective
system is not possible in practice.

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>Now along comes Mr Keith Schneider and says "Here is an "objective
>moral system".  And then I start to ask him about the definitions
>that this "objective" system depends on, and, predictably, the whole
>thing falls apart.

It only falls apart if you attempt to apply it.  This doesn't mean that
an objective system can't exist.  It just means that one cannot be
implemented.

keith

From: rm03@ic.ac.uk (Mr R. Mellish)
Subject: Re: university violating separation of church/state?

In article <199304041750.AA17104@kepler.unh.edu> dmn@kepler.unh.edu (...until kings become philosophers or philosophers become kings) writes:
>
>
>
>     Recently, RAs have been ordered (and none have resisted or cared about
>it apparently) to post a religious flyer entitled _The Soul Scroll: Thoughts
>on religion, spirituality, and matters of the soul_ on the inside of bathroom
>stall doors. (at my school, the University of New Hampshire) It is some sort
>of newsletter assembled by a Hall Director somewhere on campus.
[most of post deleted]
>
>  Please respond as soon as possible. I'd like these religious postings to
>stop, NOW! 
>
>  
>Thanks,
>
>  Dana
>
>       
>        
There is an easy way out....
Post the flyers on the stall doors, but add at the bottom, in nice large
capitals,

      EMERGENCY TOILET PAPER

:)

-- 
------              Robert Mellish, FOG, IC, UK                  ------
 Email: r.mellish@ic.ac.uk   Net: rm03@sg1.cc.ic.ac.uk    IRC:  HobNob
------     and also the mrs joyful prize for rafia work.         ------

From: kilman2y@fiu.edu (Yevgeny (Gene) Kilman)
Subject: Re: USAToday ad ("family values")

In article <C4rzz2.47J@unix.portal.com> danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock) writes:
>There was a funny ad in USAToday from "American Family Association".
>I'll post a few choice parts for your enjoyment (all emphases is in
>the ad; I'm not adding anything). All the typos are mine. :)

[Dan's article deleted]

I found the same add in our local Sunday newspaper.
The add was placed in the ..... cartoon section!
The perfect place for it ! :-)

Y.K.




Subject: Re: islamic authority over women
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1993Apr3.214741.14026@ultb.isc.rit.edu>, snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
>
> My claim is that a person that committs a crime doesn't believe in 
> God, for the moment that the crime is committed, at least, whether 
> they are originally believers or not.  To believe is to do good.  
> Your statistics indicate people that have declared atheism.

And doubtless, when an atheist does an act of charity
they temporarily become a Baptist.

jon. 

Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1993Apr3.081052.11292@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>
>  I propose that these two trends -- greater level of general 
> depression in society (and other psychological problems) and 
> greater sexual promiscuity -- are linked, with the latter being 
> a prime cause of the former.  I cannot provide any evidence beyond 
> this at this stage, but the whole thesis seems very reasonable to 
> me and I request that people ponder upon it.

I pondered it for all of ten seconds when I realised that since
we don't have any reliable statistics for sexual promiscuity,
and since the whole issue of "depression" isn't at all well 
defined for earlier centuries, you are probably talking crap.

Of course, you could pull a Mozumder on us, and say that people
who are having sex outside marriage are *defined* to be depressed.

I can't say I'd ever noticed, myself.

jon. 

From: anthropo@carina.unm.edu (Dominick V. Zurlo)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <1993Apr5.011255.7295@cbnewsl.cb.att.com> stank@cbnewsl.cb.att.com (Stan Krieger) writes:
>Now can we please use rec.scouting for the purpose for which it was
>established?  Clearly we netnews voters decided that we did not want to
>provide a scouting newsgroup to give fringe groups a forum for their
>anti-societal political views.

Ok, this is the only thing I will comment on from Stan at this time...
part of this forum we call rec.scouting is for policy discussions and
related topics.  This is a policy discussion, and involves related 
topics.  this is not a "fringe" group discussion.  obviously, it 
engenders strong feelings from all sides of the issues at hand. 
Wether a particular view is anti-societal or not is your opinion, 
and yours alone, don't try to make it seem otherwise. 
If you do not wish to engage in this discussion, use a kill file. 
If you wish to continue in this discussion, please do so, knowing 
full well the implications that apply.
I know for myself that I plan on continuing with the discussion when 
i have the wish to have input.  I for one am tired of people trying to 
say that this is not a matter significant for this group!  It is, and 
quite so. Especially for those of us who feel the impact more closely.


****************************************************************
*  Dominick V. Zurlo              *    "If the world's an      *
*  WWW                            *    oyster, why am I        *
*  Eagle Scout '87                *    allergic to Mollusks?"  *
*  blacklisted '88                *                            *
****************************************************************



From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:

>As for rape, surely there the burden of guilt is solely on the rapist?

Not so.  If you are thrown into a cage with a tiger and get mauled, do you
blame the tiger?

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:

>>Perhaps we shouldn't imprision people if we could watch them closely
>>instead.  The cost would probably be similar, especially if we just
>>implanted some sort of electronic device.
>Why wait until they commit the crime?  Why not implant such devices in
>potential criminals like Communists and atheists?

Sorry, I don't follow your reasoning.  You are proposing to punish people
*before* they commit a crime?  What justification do you have for this?

keith

From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: EnviroLeague


A new alternative to Scouting for those "unacceptable to BSA" for reasons
of religious or sexual preference:


From: "BOYD R. CRITZ, III" <71611.365@CompuServe.COM>
Subject: EnviroLeague

"Birth Announcement" on March 7, 1993, from EARTH Forum, CompuServe
                       Information Service
===================================================================
 
                     FORMAL ANNOUNCEMENT
                     -------------------
 
                                     (SM)
                        EnviroLeague
 
A new youth movement,"EnviroLeague," was recently born, according to its
founder, Boyd R. Critz, III (CIS ID# 71611,365), of Peoria, Illinois.
EnviroLeague exists for the education of youth, both male and female, in
matters concerning their values related to and responsibility for our
environment.
 
Incorporated as an Illinois not-for-profit corporation, its Articles and
initial applications for a service mark have now been filed.  According to
Critz, its draft Bylaws contain the following statement of Mission and
Objectives:
 
                           MISSION
 
   It is the Mission of EnviroLeague and its adult members
   to foster and implement the improved education of young
   people in the need to conduct their lives as Stewards
   of The Earth, to leave The Earth in a better condition
   than they found it, and to otherwise act as responsible,
   moral and ethical users of their environment.  To pursue
   the accomplishment of this Mission, EnviroLeague shall
   seek to serve as a catalyst, focusing in common cause the
   separate efforts of all groups desiring the preservation,
   improvement, and responsible use of the environment in
   which we must all live.
 
                         OBJECTIVES
 
   In pursuit of the Mission of EnviroLeague, its primary
   objectives shall be:
       (1)  To establish a Movement involving as many
            environmentally concerned organizations as
            possible, said Movement having as its primary
            focus the education and participatory
            involvement of young people in appropriate areas
            of environmental concern;
       (2)  To develop and provide to such organizations and
            their branches a full complement of program
            materials for their use, including suitable
            uniforms, insignia and other badges, written
            ideas, syllabi and information, literature and
            other items as shall seem appropriate and
            desirable;
       (3)  To serve as a "clearing house" for the exchange
            of program ideas, materials and information
            among said organizations;  and
       (4)  To assist environmentally concerned
            organizations to recruit and train the necessary
            adult leadership for their youth programs.
 
EnviroLeague will operate through three "Program Divisions" serving youth in
the elementary, middle and high school grades, respectively.  Service shall be
through formation of "EnviroLeague Teams," either by EnviroLeague itself or by
environmentally conscious organizations (or their local branches) wishing a
charter to use programs developed by EnviroLeague.
 
EnviroLeague, as it develops, will be controlled by the actual adult leaders
of each local Team, and will have no nationally imposed obstacles to
membership or adult leadership status not based upon relevant improper
conduct. Organizations accepting a charter may, however, impose certain
additional standards for their own use of the program material.  Should such
organizations do so, EnviroLeague will commit itself to forming, as soon as
possible, new nearby Teams having no such restrictions, particularly as to
youth membership.
 
EnviroLeague will operate on the principle that youth will have much to
contribute to developing its programs.  Thus, the top youth leaders of its
Teams for middle and high school youth may become involved in governing any
local administrative groups, and those for its high school youth may be
involved in similar functions at the national level.
 
Program materials are in development at this time.  Copies of the "draft"
portions of the Mentor's Manual (manual for adult leadership) will be in the
EARTH Forum, Library 17. These files will be updated as development takes
place.
 
CompuServe is particularly proud that EnviroLeague's founder chose this
electronic medium to make the first public announcement of its formation.
This announcement is being made simultaneously in both the OUTDOOR and EARTH
Forums.
 
The electronic home of EnviroLeague is in CompuServe's Earth Forum - GO
EARTH - message and library areas 17, both named "EnviroLeague."
============================================================================
 
Subsequently, EnviroLeague's Initial Governance Council has held its first
meeting.  Boyd Critz was elected as the first EnviroLeague Chief Guardian
(equivalent to Chairman of the Board or CEO).  He can be reached at home
(309) 675-4483 in case of real need.  Also, mail can be addressed to:
       EnviroLeague
       P.O. Box 418
       Peoria, IL  61651-0418
 
Those interested in starting an EnviroLeague Team might just establish
contact, to receive a diskette (IBM DOS, ASCII) with initial information.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu
Subject: Idle questions for fellow atheists


I wonder how many atheists out there care to speculate on the face of the world
if atheists were the majority rather than the minority group of the population. 
It is rather a ridiculous question in some ways, I know, but my newsreader is
down so I am not getting any new postings for a bit, so I figure I might as
well post something new myself.

Also, how many atheists out there would actually take the stance and accor a
higher value to their way of thinking over the theistic way of thinking.  The
typical selfish argument would be that both lines of thinking evolved from the
same inherent motivation, so one is not, intrinsically, different from the
other, qualitatively.  But then again a measuring stick must be drawn
somewhere, and if we cannot assign value to a system of beliefs at its core,
than the only other alternative is to apply it to its periphery; ie, how it
expresses its own selfishness.

Idle thoughts...


Adam

********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
*				   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

From: bobs@thnext.mit.edu (Robert Singleton)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution

In article <1993Apr5.163738.2447@dcs.warwick.ac.uk>  
simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale) writes:
[deleted]
> 
> ... over on alt.atheism we tend to recognise two
> categories of atheism. Function format due to mathew@mantis.co.uk, I  
think:
> 
> (i) weak  -  not(believe(gods))
> 
> (ii) strong  -  believe(not(gods))
> 
[deleted]
> 
> 
> 
> I ... am [a strong atheist], and I must quibble with your assertion 
> that the `strong' position requires faith. I believe that no god/s, 
> as commonly described by theists, exist. This belief is merely an 
                                           ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> opinion, formed on the basis of observation, including a certain 
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> amount of introspection.
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> 
> I fully accept that I could be wrong, and will be swayed by suitably
> convincing evidence. Thus while I believe that no gods exist, this does
                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> not imply *faith* on my part that it is so.
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Let me first say that "to believe that no gods exist" is in fact 
different than "not believing in a god or gods". 

I will argue that your latter statement, "I believe that no gods exist"
does rest upon faith - that is, if you are making a POSITIVE statement 
that "no gods exist" (strong atheism) rather than merely saying I don't  
know and therefore don't believe in them and don't NOT believe in then
(weak atheism). Once again, to not believe in God is different than saying  
I BELIEVE that God does not exist. I still maintain the position, even 
after reading the FAQs, that strong atheism requires faith.

But first let me say the following.
We might have a language problem here - in regards to "faith" and
"existence". I, as a Christian, maintain that God does not exist.
To exist means to have being in space and time. God does not HAVE
being - God IS Being. Kierkegaard once said that God does not
exist, He is eternal. With this said, I feel it's rather pointless
to debate the so called "existence" of God - and that is not what
I'm doing here. I believe that God is the source and ground of
being. When you say that "god does not exist", I also accept this
statement - but we obviously mean two different things by it. However,
in what follows I will use the phrase "the existence of God" in it's
'usual sense' - and this is the sense that I think you are using it.
I would like a clarification upon what you mean by "the existence of
God".
 
We also might differ upon what it means to have faith. Here is what
Webster says:

faith 
1a: allegiance to duty or a person: LOYALTY
b  (1): fidelity to one's promises
   (2): sincerity of intentions
2a (1): belief and trust in and loyalty to God
   (2): belief in the traditional doctrines of a religion
b  (1): firm belief in something for which there is no proof
        ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
   (2): complete trust
3: something that is believed esp. with strong conviction; esp: a system 
   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
of religious beliefs
syn see BELIEF



One can never prove that God does or does not exist. When you say
that you believe God does not exist, and that this is an opinion
"based upon observation", I will have to ask "what observtions are
you refering to?" There are NO observations - pro or con - that
are valid here in establishing a POSITIVE belief. All observations
can only point you in a direction - a direction that we might even
be predisposed to (by predisposed I mean, for example, people whoes 
partents "believe in God" also tend to). To actually draw a conclusion
about the "existence" or "non-existence" of God requires a leap - and
you have made this leap when you actively say "I believe that God  
does/does not exist". Personally, I think that both statements are
misguided. Arguing over the "existence" of God is precisely the wrong way
to find Him (and yes, I use "Him" because a personal God is the only 
viable concept (IMO) - if a person wants to use "She" go ahead. Of course 
God is neither He nor She - but we have no choice but to 
anthropomorphise. If you want me to explain myself further I'll be 
glad to.) 



And please, if someone does not agree with me - even if they violently 
disagree - it's in no ones advantage to start name calling. If a person 
thinks I've misunderstood something in the FAQs, or if they they think 
I have not read them well enough, just point out to me the error of my 
ways and I correct the situation. I'm interested in a polite and well  
thought out discussion.








> Cheers
> 
> Simon
> -- 
> Simon Clippingdale                simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk
> Department of Computer Science    Tel (+44) 203 523296
> University of Warwick             FAX (+44) 203 525714
> Coventry CV4 7AL, U.K.

--
bob singleton
bobs@thnext.mit.edu

From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
> More horrible deaths resulted from atheism than anything else.

There are definitely quite a few horrible deaths as the result of both
atheists AND theists.  I'm sure Bobby can list quite a few for the atheist
side but fails to recognize that the theists are equally proficient at
genocide.  Perhaps, since I'm a bit weak on history, somone here would like
to give a list of wars caused/led by theists?  I can think of a few (Hitler
claimed to be a Christian for example) but a more complete list would
probably be more effective in showing Bobby just how absurd his statement
is.

> Peace,

On a side note, I notice you always sign your posts "Peace".  Perhaps you
should take your own advice and leave the atheists in peace with their
beliefs?

> Bobby Mozumder

Nanci

.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
Lying to ourselves is more deeply ingrained than lying to others.


From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: Dear Mr. Theist

west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:
> means to me.  The full quote (Michael Crichton, _Jurrasic_Park_) was 
> something like "The earth has existed quite contently for billions of 
> years.  We have been here but for the blink of an eye, and if we were gone
> tomorrow, the earth would not miss us.".  I remember this quote to keep
> myself humble when thinking that we have progressed so far or that we
> are masters of this planet.
  
Cool quote.

> The earth doesn't need saving, it's existed quite happily with-
> out us, we are the ones who need saving.

Better watch it.  The theists will jump on you for that... :-)

> Brian West.
> --
> THIS IS NOT A SIG FILE            *    -"To the Earth, we have been
> THIS IS NOT A SIG FILE            *     here but for the blink of an
> OK, SO IT'S A SIG FILE            *     eye, if we were gone tomorrow, 
> posted by west@wam.umd.edu        *     we would not be missed."-  
> who doesn't care who knows it.    *        (Jurassic Park) 
> ** DICLAIMER: I said this, I meant this, nobody made me do it.**

Nanci

.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
Lying to ourselves is more deeply ingrained than lying to others.


From: mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?


My turn to jump in! :)

In article <1pi8h5INNq40@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>(reference line trimmed)
>
>livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>
>[...]
>
>>There is a good deal more confusion here.   You started off with the 
>>assertion that there was some "objective" morality, and as you admit
>>here, you finished up with a recursive definition.   Murder is 
>>"objectively" immoral, but eactly what is murder and what is not itself
>>requires an appeal to morality.
>

I think you mean circular, not recursive, but that is semantics.
Recursiveness has no problems, it is just horribly inefficient (just ask
any assembly programmer.)

>Yes.
>
>>Now you have switch targets a little, but only a little.   Now you are
>>asking what is the "goal"?   What do you mean by "goal?".   Are you
>>suggesting that there is some "objective" "goal" out there somewhere,
>>and we form our morals to achieve it?
>
>Well, for example, the goal of "natural" morality is the survival and
>propogation of the species.  Another example of a moral system is
>presented within the Declaration of Independence, which states that we
>should be guaranteed life liberty and the pursuit of happiness.  You see,
>to have a moral system, we must define the purpose of the system.  That is,
>we shall be moral unto what end?

The oft-quoted line that says people should be guaranteed life, liberty
and the pursuit of happiness as inalienable rights, is a complete lie
and deception, as the very authors of that line were in the process of
proving.  Liberty is never free, it is always purchased at some cost, 
almost always at the cost to another.  Whos liberty is more inalienable?
Similarly for right of life.  When one person must die if he is to save
another, or even a group of others, whos life is more inalienable?  
That leads into the classic question of the value of the death penalty, 
especially for serial killers.  Whos life and liberty is more valuable,
the serial killer, or the victim?  According to that beautiful line,
those two rights should be completely inviolate, that is, noone should be
able to remove them.  This _includes_ government.  Admittedly the serial
killer has restricted some people's life and/or liberty, but is not his
own life/liberty inviolate also?  According to the declaration of independence,
it is.

>>>Murder is certainly a violation of the golden rule.  And, I thought I had
>>>defined murder as an intentional killing of a non-murderer, against his will.

Oooh, I like that.  It means that killing an infant is not murder because
it cannot be against its will.  Reason, an infant has no will as such.

Similarly for people who are brain dead (easier to see), in a coma, etc.

Also, under current law, accidental killing is still murder.  How will you
include that?

>>>And you responded to this by asking whether or not the execution of an
>>>innocent person under our system of capital punishment was a murder or not.
>>>I fail to see what this has to do with anything.  I never claimed that our
>>>system of morality was an objective one.
>>I thought that was your very first claim.   That there was
>>some kind of "objective" morality, and that an example of that was
>>that murder is wrong.   If you don't want to claim that any more,
>>that's fine.

The only real golden rule in life is, he who has the gold, makes the
rules.  I.e. Might Makes Right.  That is survival.  Now what is wrong
with that?

>Well, murder violates the golen rule, which is certainly a pillar of most
>every moral system.  However, I am not assuming that our current system
>and the manner of its implementation are objectively moral.  I think that
>it is a very good approximation, but we can't be perfect.

If you mean the golden rule as I stated, yes, almost every system as
implemented has used that in reality.  Sorry, I don't deal as much in
fiction, as I do in reality.  

>>And by the way, you don't seem to understand the difference between
>>"arbitrary" and "objective".   If Keith Schneider "defines" murder
>>to be this that and the other, that's arbitrary.   Jon Livesey may
>>still say "Well, according to my personal system of morality, all
>>killing of humans against their will is murder, and wrong, and what
>>the legal definition of murder may be in the USA, Kuweit, Saudi
>>Arabia, or the PRC may be matters not a whit to me".

WELCOME TO OZLAND!!!!!!! :)

What is NOT arbitrary?  If you can find some part of society, some societal
rules, morals, etc. that are not arbitrary, please tell me.  I don't think
there are any.

>Well, "objective" would assume a system based on clear and fundamental
>concepts, while "arbitary" implies no clear line of reasoning.
>
>keith
Sounds like euphemisms to me.  The difference seems to be, that objective
is some reasoning that I like, while arbitrary is some reasoning that
I don't like OR don't understand. 

M^2



Subject: Re: Radical Agnostic... NOT!
From: zazen@austin.ibm.com (E. H. Welbon)

The One and Only (jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu) wrote:
: In article <dl2021-310393180711@m249-66.bgsu.edu> dl2021@andy.bgsu.edu (Pixie) writes:
: [first post I've seen from the ol' Bug-Zoo (BGSU)]
: >     There is no means that i can possibly think of to prove beyond doubt
: >that a god does not exist (but if anyone has one, by all means, tell me
: >what it is).  Therefore, lacking this ability of absolute proof, being an
: >atheist becomes an act of faith in and of itself, and this I cannot accept.
: > I accept nothing on blind faith.

: Invisible Pink Flying Unicorns!  Need I say more?

There is also the question of what is meant by "atheist".  A familiar
example of the importance of the meaning of the word is as follows.

The two statements following ARE consistent:

(1) I do not believe that you are wearing lilac socks
(2) I do not believe that you are are not wearing lilac socks

The two statements following are NOT consistent:

(3) I do believe that you are wearing lilac socks
(4) I do believe that you are are not wearing lilac socks

Statements (1) and (2) require no faith, they make no presumptions about
the nature of reality.  Statements (3) and (4) require belief.  Many
atheists (myself included) take the following position:

(5) I do not believe that there is a god.
(6) I do not believe that there is not a god.

That is , I harbor no beliefs at all, there is no good evidence
for god existing or not.  Some folks call this agnosticism.  It does not
suffer from "blind faith" at all.  I think of it as "Don't worry, be happy".

Subject: So what is Maddi?
From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)

As I was created in the image of Gaea, therefore I must
be the pinnacle of creation, She which Creates, She which
Births, She which Continues.

Or, to cut all the religious crap, I'm a woman, thanks.
And it's sexism that started me on the road to atheism.

-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.

Subject: Re: The wrong and the right.
From: bdunn@cco.caltech.edu (Brendan Dunn)

In article <93090.141001E62763@TRMETU.BITNET> <E62763@TRMETU.BITNET> writes:
>Hi.I'm a Turkish guy who had tried atheism,satenism and buddism at some instant
>s of hislife.Finally I decided on Islambecause of many facts which I intend to
> write here.From my point of view,you atheists are people who has dropped to a
>deep,dark well and thinking the only reality is the dusty walls of the well.But
> if you had looked a little bit upward you would see the blue skies.You'dsee t
>he truth but you close your eyes.Allah is the only GOD and Mohammed is his mess
> ager.now,let's generate some entropy in means of theology and thermodynamics.W
>hat's your point of view to the problem of the ''FIRST KISS''?That is,the first
> spark which was generated for the formation of the universe.Has it formed by i
>tself?You are bothering yourselves with the Big Bang but where is the first spa
>rk?Please think a bit.Think and return to the only reality of the universe:ISLA
>M|

Uh oh.  This looks a bit too much like Bobby's "Atheism Is False" stuff.  Are
we really going to have to go through this again?  Maybe the universe is
cyclical!  :)  :(







--Brendan Dunn

Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)

bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>  And in the US, even that argument doesn't stand.  It costs far
>  more to execute a criminal in this country than it does to feed,
>  clothe, and shelter them for the remainder of their natural life.
>  Some people believe this is a fault of our judicial system.  I
>  find it to be one of it's greatest virtues.

I assume that you are talking about the appeals processes, etc.?
Well, it should be noted that people who are imprisoned for life
will also tend to appeal (though not quite as much in the "final
hours."

Anyway, economics is not a very good reason to either favor or oppose
the punishment.

keith

Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution
From: lmh@juliet.caltech.edu (Henling, Lawrence M.)

In article <1APR199313404295@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu<, lippard@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard) writes...
<In article <31MAR199321091163@juliet.caltech.edu<, lmh@juliet.caltech.edu (Henling, Lawrence M.) writes...
<<Atheism (Greek 'a' not + 'theos' god)  Belief that there is no god.
<<Agnosticism (Greek 'a' not + ~ 'gnostein ?' know) Belief that it is
<<  not possible to determine if there is a god.

<No.  Agnosticism as you have here defined it is a positive belief--a
<belief that it is not possible to determine the existence of any gods.
<That's a belief I'm inclined to reject.  You have also defined atheism
<here as a positive belief--that there is no god.  A fairly large number
<of atheists on alt.atheism reject this definition, instead holding that
<atheism is simply the absence of belief in a god.  Michael Martin, in
<_Atheism: A Philosophical Justification_, distinguishes strong atheism

 My mistake. I will have to get a newer dictionary and read the 
follow up line.

larry henling   lmh@shakes.caltech.edu

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

(reference line trimmed)

SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (SCOTT D. SAUYET) writes:

>First, I'll make the assumption that you agree that a murderer is one
>who has commited murder.

Well, I'd say that a murderer is one who intentionally committed a murder.
For instance, if you put a bullet into a gun that was thought to contain
blanks, and someone was killed with such a gun, the person who actually
performed the action isn't the murderer (but I guess this is actually made
clear in the below definition).

>I'd be interested to see a more reasonable definition. 

What do you mean by "reasonable?"

>Otherwise, your inductive definition doesn't bottom out:
>Your definition, in essence, is that
>>Murder is the intentional killing of someone who has not commited 
>>murder, against his will.
>Expanding the second occurence of `murder' in the above, we see that
[...]

Yes, it is bad to include the word being defined in the definition.  But,
even though the series is recursively infinite, I think the meaning can
still be deduced.

>I assume you can see the problem here.  To do a correct inductive
>definition, you must define something in terms of a simpler case, and
>you must have one or several "bottoming out" cases.  For instance, we
>can define the factorial function (the function which assigns to a
>positive integer the product of the positive integers less than or
>equal to it) on the positive integers inductively as follows:

[math lesson deleted]

Okay, let's look at this situation:  suppose there is a longstanding
feud between two families which claim that the other committed some
travesty in the distant past.  Each time a member of the one family
kills a member of the other, the other family thinks that it is justified
in killing a that member of the first family.  Now, let's suppose that this
sequence has occurred an infinite number of times.  Or, if you don't
like dealing with infinities, suppose that one member of the family
goes back into time and essentially begins the whole thing.  That is, there
is a never-ending loop of slayings based on some non-existent travesty.
How do you resolve this?

Well, they are all murders.

Now, I suppose that this isn't totally applicable to your "problem," but
it still is possible to reduce an uninduced system.

And, in any case, the nested "murderer" in the definition of murder
cannot be infintely recursive, given the finite existence of humanity.
And, a murder cannot be committed without a killing involved.  So, the
first person to intentionally cause someone to get killed is necessarily
a murderer.  Is this enough of an induction to solve the apparently
unreducable definition?  See, in a totally objective system where all the
information is available, such a nested definition isn't really a problem.

keith

From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1pigidINNsot@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:

>mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>>As for rape, surely there the burden of guilt is solely on the rapist?
>
>Not so.  If you are thrown into a cage with a tiger and get mauled, do you
>blame the tiger?

	A human has greater control over his/her actions, than a 
predominately instictive tiger.

	A proper analogy would be:

	If you are thrown into a cage with a person and get mauled, do you 
blame that person?

	Yes. [ providing that that person was in a responsible frame of 
mind, eg not clinicaly insane, on PCB's, etc. ]

---

        "One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that 
        say "Mom", because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more 
        virile men."

        Bobby Mozumder  ( snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu )
        April 4, 1993

        The one TRUE Muslim left in the world. 

From: mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Idle questions for fellow atheists

In article <1993Apr5.124216.4374@mac.cc.macalstr.edu> acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu writes:
>
>I wonder how many atheists out there care to speculate on the face of the world
>if atheists were the majority rather than the minority group of the population. 

Probably we would have much the same problems with only a slight shift in
emphasis.  Weekends might not be so inviolate (more common to work 7 days
a week in a business), and instead of American Atheists, we would have
similar, religious organizations.  A persons religious belief seems more
as a crutch and justification for actions than a guide to determine actions.
Of course, people would have to come up with more fascinating 
rationalizations for their actions, but that could be fun to watch...

It seems to me, that for most people, religion in America doesn't matter
that much.  You have extreemists on both ends, but a large majority don't
make too much of an issue about it as long as you don't.  Now, admittedly,
I have never had to suffer the "Bible Belt", but I am just north of it
and see the fringes, and the reasonable people in most things tend to be
reasonable in religion as well.  


>Also, how many atheists out there would actually take the stance and accor a
>higher value to their way of thinking over the theistic way of thinking.  The
>typical selfish argument would be that both lines of thinking evolved from the
>same inherent motivation, so one is not, intrinsically, different from the
>other, qualitatively.  But then again a measuring stick must be drawn
>somewhere, and if we cannot assign value to a system of beliefs at its core,
>than the only other alternative is to apply it to its periphery; ie, how it
>expresses its own selfishness.
>

I don't bother according a higher value to my thinking, or just about
anybodys thinking.  I don't want to fall in that trap.  Because if you 
do start that, then you are then to decide which is better, says whom,
why, is there a best, and also what to do about those who have inferior
modes of thinking.  IDIC  (Infinite Diversity in Infinite Combinations.)
I'll argue it over a soda, but not over much more.

Just my $.12  (What inflation has done...)

M^2



From: trajan@cwis.unomaha.edu (Stephen McIntyre)
Subject: Re: The Problem of Satan (used to be: islamic authority over women)

In article <1993Apr5.165233.1007@news.unomaha.edu> trajan@cwis.unomaha.edu 
     (Stephen McIntyre) writes:

> Of course, Bobby then states that Satan has no free will, that
>    he does as God wants him to.  This brings up a host of
>    paradoxes:  is God therefore evil; do I have free will
>    or is God directing me also; if God is evil, which part
>    of his infinite self is good and which is evil; etc.?

> I would like for once a solid answer, not a run-about.

# I hope I gave you a fairly solid answer to this one: I simply don't agree
# with the embodied version of a Satan who is a separate creation or a force.
# I wrote:

>> The belief to which I ascribe is that evil is not a creation;
>> rather, it is "the absence of good."  This fits with all the
>> logic about things having dual use: e.g., a knife can be used
>> to sculpt and it can be used to kill.  Like entropy, evil is
>> seen in this view as neither force nor entity.  Satan is,
>> therefore, metaphorical.  In fact, there are several verses
>> of the Holy Qur'an which appear to support this view and several
>> Traditions as well.
>
>> For example, there is a Tradition that food should never be left open
>> on a shelf or table overnight, lest "Satan" enter it.  It appears
>> that this is a reference to as yet undiscovered germs; thus, the
>> evil effect of spoiled food is described as "Satan."

>But there are many examples of Satan personified.  Which am I
>     to believe?

# And there are quite physical descriptions of Heaven and Hell in the
# Holy Qur'an, the Bible, etc.  There have been times in the spiritual
# and intellectual evolution of the modern human when these physical
# descriptions of Heaven, Hell, and Satan were taken quite literally
# and that *worked* for the time.  As I mentioned in the Tradition
# cited above, for example, it was sufficient in the absence of a theory
# about germs and disease spread by worms to simply describe the "evil"
# which was passed to a consumer of spoiled food as "satanic."

     Which begs the question: if Satan in this case is
     metaphorical, how can you be certain Allah is not
     the same way?

# The bottom line here, however, is that describing a spiritual plane
# in human language is something like describing "color" to a person
# who has been blind from birth.  You may want to read the book
# FLATLAND (if you haven't already) or THE DRAGON'S EGG.  The first
# is intended as a light hearted description of a mathematical con-
# cept...

[some deleted for space saving]

# When language fails because it cannot be used to adequately describe
# another dimension which cannot be experienced by the speakers, then
# such conventions as metaphor, allegory, and the like come to be
# necessary.  The "unseen" is described in terms which have reference`
# and meaning for the reader/listener.  But, like all models, a compro-
# mise must be made when speaking metaphorically: clarity and directness
# of meaning, equivalence of perception, and the like are all
# crippled.  But what else can you do?

     This is why I asked the above.  How would you then
     know God exists as a spirit or being rather than
     just being metaphorical?  I mean, it's okay to say
     "well, Satan is just metaphorical," but then you
     have to justify this belief AND justify that God is
     not some metaphor for something else.

     I say this because there are many, many instances of
     Satan described as a being (such as the tormentor in 
     the Old Testament book of Job, or the temptor in the
     New Testament Gospels).  In the same way, God too is
     described as a being (or spirit.)  How am I to know
     one is metaphorical and not the other.

     Further, belief in God isn't a bar to evil.  Let's
     consider the case of Satanists: even if Satan were
     metaphorical, the Satanist would have to believe
     in God to justify this belief.  Again, we have a 
     case where someone does believe in God, but by
     religious standards, they are "evil."  If Bobby
     does see this, let him address this question also.

[deleted some more on "metaphor"]

>> Obviously more philosophizing on this issue is possible, but I'm
>> not sure that the readers of this newsgroup would want to delve
>> into religious interpretation further.  However, if anyone wishes
>> to discuss this, I'm certainly willing (either off line - e-mail - or
>> on line - posting).

Stephen

    _/_/_/_/  _/_/_/_/   _/       _/    * Atheist
   _/        _/    _/   _/ _/ _/ _/     * Libertarian
  _/_/_/_/  _/_/_/_/   _/   _/  _/      * Pro-individuality
       _/  _/     _/  _/       _/       * Pro-responsibility
_/_/_/_/  _/      _/ _/       _/ Jr.    * and all that jazz...


-- 

From: jvigneau@cs.ulowell.edu (Joe Vigneau)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <1pmjo8INN2l0@lynx.unm.edu> bevans@carina.unm.edu (Mathemagician) writes:

   Just what do gay people do that straight people don't?

Absolutely nothing.

I'm a VERY straight(as an arrow), 17-year old male that is involved in the BSA.

I don't care what gay people do among each other, as long as they don't make
passes at me or anything.  At my summer camp where I work, my boss is gay.
Not in a 'pansy' way of gay (I know a few), but just 'one of the guys'.
He doesn't push anything on me, and we give him the same respect back, due
to his position.

If anything, the BSA has taught me, I don't know, tolerance or something.
Before I met this guy, I thought all gays were 'faries'.  So, the BSA HAS
taught me to be an antibigot.

Basically, It comes down to this: What you do among yourself is your own
business. No one else has the right to tell you otherwise, unless it
violates someone else's civil rights.

Subject: Re: Gospel Dating
From: p00261@psilink.com (Robert Knowles)

>DATE:   Mon, 5 Apr 1993 16:30:50 GMT
>FROM:   Stilgar <west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu>
>
>In article <kmr4.1422.733983061@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M.  
>Ryan) writes:
>> In article <1993Apr5.025924.11361@wam.umd.edu>  
>west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:
>> 
>> >THE ILLIAD IS THE UNDISPUTED WORD OF GOD(tm)    *prove me wrong*
>> 
>> 	I dispute it.
>> 
>> 	Ergo: by counter-example: you are proven wrong.
>
>	I dispute your counter-example
>
>	Ergo: by counter-counter-example: you are wrong and
>	I am right so nanny-nanny-boo-boo TBBBBBBBTTTTTTHHHHH
>			8^p
>

This looks like a serious case of temporary Islam. 

Subject: A word of advice
From: jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only)

In article <65882@mimsy.umd.edu> mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
>
>I've said enough times that there is no "alternative" that should think you
>might have caught on by now.  And there is no "alternative", but the point
>is, "rationality" isn't an alternative either.  The problems of metaphysical
>and religious knowledge are unsolvable-- or I should say, humans cannot
>solve them.

How does that saying go: Those who say it can't be done shouldn't interrupt
those who are doing it.

Jim
--
Have you washed your brain today?

From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: Concerning God's Morality (long)


jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
> > Sorry, but there are no supernatural
> > forces necessary to create a pathogen.  You are saying, "Since
> > diseases are bad, the bad entity must have created it."  So
> > what would you say about acid rain, meteors falling from the
> > sky, volcanoes, earthquakes, and other QUOTE UNQUOTE "Acts
> > of God?" 
> 
> I would say that they are not "acts of God" but natural
> occurrences.

It amazes me that you have the audacity to say that human creation was not
the result of the natural process of evolution (but rather an "act of God")
and then in the same post say that these other processes (volcanos et al.)
are natural occurrences.  Who gave YOU the right to choose what things are
natural processes and what are direct acts of God?  How do you know that
God doesn't cause each and every natural disaster with a specific purpose
in mind?  It would certainly go along with the sadistic nature I've seen in
the bible.

> >>Even if Satan had nothing to do with the original inception of
> >>disease, evolution by random chance would have produced them since
> >>humanity forsook God's protection.  If we choose to live apart from
> >>God's law (humanity collectively), then it should come as no surprise
> >>that there are adverse consequences to our (collective) action.  One
> >>of these is that we are left to deal with disease and disorders which
> >>inevitably result in an entropic universe.
> > 
> > May I ask, where is this 'collective' bullcrap coming from? 
>
> By "collective" I was referring to the idea that God works with
> humanity on two levels, individually and collectively.  If mankind
> as a whole decides to undertake a certain action (the majority of
> mankind), then God will allow the consequences of that action to
> affect mankind as a whole.

Adam & Eve (TWO PEOPLE), even tho they had the honor (or so you christians
claim) of being the first two, definitely do NOT represent a majority in
the billions and trillions (probably more) of people that have come after
them.  Perhaps they were the majority then, but *I* (and YOU) weren't
around to vote, and perhaps we might have voted differently about what to
do with that tree.  But your god never asked us.  He just assumes that if
you have two bad people then they ALL must be bad.  Hmm.  Sounds like the
same kind of false generalization that I see many of the theists posting
here resorting to.  So THAT's where they get it... shoulda known.

> Jim B.

Nanci

.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
Lying to ourselves is more deeply ingrained than lying to others.


Subject: Re: islamic authority over women
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)

In article <1993Apr5.023044.19580@ultb.isc.rit.edu) snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
)
)That's your mistake.  It would be better for the children if the mother
)raised the child.
)
)One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that say "Mom",
)because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more virile men.
)Compare that with how homos are raised.  Do a study and you will get my
)point.
)
)But in no way do you have a claim that it would be better if the men
)stayed home and raised the child.  That is something false made up by
)feminists that seek a status above men.  You do not recognize the fact
)that men and women have natural differences.  Not just physically, but
)mentally also.
) [...]
)Your logic.  I didn't say americans were the cause of worlds problems, I
)said atheists.
) [...]
)Becuase they have no code of ethics to follow, which means that atheists
)can do whatever they want which they feel is right.  Something totally
)based on their feelings and those feelings cloud their rational
)thinking.
) [...]
)Yeah.  I didn't say that all atheists are bad, but that they could be
)bad or good, with nothing to define bad or good.
)

  Awright!  Bobby's back, in all of his shit-for-brains glory.  Just
  when I thought he'd turned the corner of progress, his Thorazine
  prescription runs out.  

  I'd put him in my kill file, but man, this is good stuff.  I wish
  I had his staying power.

  Fortunately, I learned not to take him too seriously long,long,long
  ago.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Subject: Re: islamic authority over women
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)

In article <1993Apr5.024626.19942@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
>
>Peace,

  Bobby:

  Get this the hell out of your .sig until you 1) learn what it
  stands for and 2) really mean it.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Subject: Omnipotence (was Re: Speculations)
From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com

In article <2942949719.2.p00261@psilink.com>, "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
>>DATE:   Fri, 2 Apr 1993 23:02:22 -0500
>>FROM:   Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
>>
>>
>>> > 3. Can god uncreate itself?
>>> 
>>> No.  For if He did, He would violate His own nature which He cannot do.
>>> It is God's nature to Exist.  He is, after all, the "I AM" which is
>>> a statement of His inherent Existence.  He is existence itself.
>>> Existence cannot "not-exist".
>>
>>Then, as mentioned above, he must not be very omnipotent.
>>

What do you mean by omnipotent here?  Do you mean by "omnipotent"
that God should be able to do anything/everything?  This creates
a self-contradictory definition of omnipotence which is effectively
useless.

To be descriptive, omnipotence must mean "being all-powerful" and
not "being able to do anything/everything".

Let me illustrate by analogy.
Suppose the United States were the only nuclear power on earth.  Suppose
further that the US military could not effectively be countered by any
nation or group of nations.  The US has the power to go into any country
at any time for any reason to straighten things out as the leaders of the
US see fit.  The US would be militarily "omnipotent".

But suppose further that the US holds to a doctrine/philosophy of not
interfering in the internal affairs of any nation, such as the current
civil war in the former Yugoslavian states.

Technically (in this scenario) the US would have the power to 
unilaterally go into Yugoslavia and straighten out the mess.  But
effectively the US could not intervene without violating its own policy 
of non-interference.  If the policy of non-interference were held to
strongly enough, then there would never be a question that it would
ever be violated.  Effectively, the US would be limited in what it
could actually do, although it had the power to do "whatever it wanted".
The US would simply "never want to interfere" for such an idea would
be beyond the consideration of its leaders given such an inviolate
non-interference policy.

God is effectively limited in the same sense.  He is all powerful, but
He cannot use His power in a way that would violate the essence of what
He, Himself is.

I hope this helps to clear up some of the misunderstanding concerning
omnipotence.

Regards,

Jim B.

Subject: Re: Islamic marriage?
From: karner@austin.ibm.com (F. Karner)


In article <1993Apr2.103237.4627@Cadence.COM>, mas@Cadence.COM (Masud Khan) writes:
> In article <C4qAv2.24wG@austin.ibm.com> karner@austin.ibm.com (F. Karner) writes:
> >
> >Okay.  So you want me to name names?  There are obviously no official
> >records of these pseudo-marriages because they are performed for
> >convenience.  What happens typically is that the woman is willing to move
> >in with her lover without any scruples or legal contracts to speak of. 
> >The man is merely utilizing a loophole by entering into a temporary
> >religious "marriage" contract in order to have sex.  Nobody complains,
> >nobody cares, nobody needs to know.
> >
> >Perhaps you should alert your imam.  It could be that this practice is
> >far more widespread than you may think.  Or maybe it takes 4 muslim men
> >to witness the penetration to decide if the practice exists!
> >-- 
> >
> 
> Again you astound me with the level of ignorance you display, Muslims
> are NOT allowed to enter temporary marriages, got that? There is
> no evidence for it it an outlawed practise so get your facts 
> straight buddy. Give me references for it or just tell everyone you
> were lying. It is not a widespread as you may think (fantasise) in
> fact contrary to your fantasies it is not practised at all amongst
> Muslims.

First of all, I'm not your buddy!  Second, read what I wrote.  I'm not
talking about what muslims are ALLOWED to do, merely what *SOME*
practice.  They consider themselves as muslim as you, so don't retort
with the old and tired "they MUST NOT BE TRUE MUSLIMS" bullshit.  If I
gave you the names what will you do with this information?  Is a fatwa
going to be leashed out against the perpetrators?  Do you honestly think
that someone who did it would voluntarily come forward and confess? 
With the kind of extremism shown by your co-religionaries?  Fat chance.

At any rate, there can be no conclusive "proof" by the very nature of
the act.  Perhaps people that indulge in this practice agree with you in
theory, but hope that Allah will forgive them in the end.

I think it's rather arrogant of you to pretend to speak for all muslims
in this regard.  Also, kind of silly.  Are you insinuating that because
the Koranic law forbids it, there are no criminals in muslim countries? 

This is as far as I care to go on this subject.  The weakness of your
arguments are for all netters to see.  Over and out...
-- 

         DISCLAIMER: The opinions expressed in this posting are mine
            solely and do not represent my employer in any way.
       F. A. Karner AIX Technical Support | karner@austin.vnet.ibm.com

Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1pi8h5INNq40@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> (reference line trimmed)
|> 
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> [...]
|> 
|> >There is a good deal more confusion here.   You started off with the 
|> >assertion that there was some "objective" morality, and as you admit
|> >here, you finished up with a recursive definition.   Murder is 
|> >"objectively" immoral, but eactly what is murder and what is not itself
|> >requires an appeal to morality.
|> 
|> Yes.
|> 
|> >Now you have switch targets a little, but only a little.   Now you are
|> >asking what is the "goal"?   What do you mean by "goal?".   Are you
|> >suggesting that there is some "objective" "goal" out there somewhere,
|> >and we form our morals to achieve it?
|> 
|> Well, for example, the goal of "natural" morality is the survival and
|> propogation of the species. 


I got just this far.   What do you mean by "goal"?    I hope you
don't mean to imply that evolution has a conscious "goal".

jon.

Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1pic4lINNrau@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
|> 
|> >My personal objection is that I find capital punishment to be
|> >cruel and unusual punishment under all circumstances.
|> 
|> It can be painless, so it isn't cruel.  And, it has occurred frequently
|> since the dawn of time, so it is hardly unusual.

Koff!  You mean that as long as I put you to sleep first,
I can kill you without being cruel?

This changes everything.

jon.

Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1pieg7INNs09@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >Now along comes Mr Keith Schneider and says "Here is an "objective
|> >moral system".  And then I start to ask him about the definitions
|> >that this "objective" system depends on, and, predictably, the whole
|> >thing falls apart.
|> 
|> It only falls apart if you attempt to apply it.  This doesn't mean that
|> an objective system can't exist.  It just means that one cannot be
|> implemented.

It's not the fact that it can't exist that bothers me.   It's 
the fact that you don't seem to be able to define it.

If I wanted to hear about indefinable things that might in
principle exist as long as you don't think about them too
carefully, I could ask a religious person, now couldn't I?

jon.

Subject: Re: >>>>>>Pompous ass
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1pi9btINNqa5@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
|> 
|> >>Then why do people keep asking the same questions over and over?
|> >Because you rarely ever answer them.
|> 
|> Nope, I've answered each question posed, and most were answered multiple
|> times.

	He:   Fifty dollars if I can't answer your question.

	She:  What is the Big Bang theory.

	He:   The Big Bang theory is a recipe for cookies.

	She:  Fifty dollars, please.

	He:   Hey, I didn't say the answers would make sense.

jon.

Subject: Re: >>>>>>Pompous ass
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1pi9jkINNqe2@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >>>How long does it [the motto] have to stay around before it becomes the
|> >>>default?  ...  Where's the cutoff point? 
|> >>I don't know where the exact cutoff is, but it is at least after a few
|> >>years, and surely after 40 years.
|> >Why does the notion of default not take into account changes
|> >in population makeup?     
|> 
|> Specifically, which changes are you talking about?  Are you arguing
|> that the motto is interpreted as offensive by a larger portion of the
|> population now than 40 years ago?

No, do I have to?    I'm just commenting that it makes very
little sense to consider everything we inherit to be the default.

Seen any steam trains recently?

jon.

Subject: Re: Concerning God's Morality (long)
From: J5J@psuvm.psu.edu (John A. Johnson)

In article <1993Apr5.084042.822@batman.bmd.trw.com>, jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
responds to a lot of grief given to him
>In article <1993Apr3.095220.24632@leland.Stanford.EDU>,
>galahad@leland.Stanford.EDU (Scott Compton)
a.k.a. "The Sagemaster"
[ . . .]
>But then I ask, So?  Where is this relevant to my discussion in
>answering John's question of why?  Why are there genetic diseases,
>and why are there so many bacterial and viral diseases which require
>babies to develop antibodies.  Is it God's fault? (the original
>question) -- I say no, it is not.

Most of Scotty's followup *was* irrelevant to the original question,
but this is not unusual, as threads often quickly evolve away from
the original topic.  What I could not understand is why Jim spent so
much time responding to what he regarded as irrelevancies.

[ . . . ]
>> May I ask, where is this 'collective' bullcrap coming from?
[ . . . ]
>
>By "collective" I was referring to the idea that God works with
>humanity on two levels, individually and collectively.  If mankind
>as a whole decides to undertake a certain action (the majority of
>mankind),

Well, I guess hypothetical Adam was "the majority of mankind"
seeing how he was the ONLY man at the time.

>then God will allow the consequences of that action to
>affect mankind as a whole.  If you didn't understand that, then I
>apologize for not using one and two syllable words in my discussion.

I understand what you mean by "collective," but I think it is an
insane perversion of justice.  What sort of judge would punish the
descendants for a crime committed by their ancestor?

>If you want to be sure that I read your post and to provide a
>response, send a copy to Jim_Brown@oz.bmd.trw.com.  I can't read
>a.a. every day, and some posts slip by.  Thanks.

Well, I must admit that you probably read a.a. more often than I read
the Bible these days.  But you missed a couple of good followups to
your post.  I'm sending you a personal copy of my followup which I
hope you will respond to publically in a.a.

John
The Sageless

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Jews can't hide from keith@cco.

In article <1993Apr3.071823.13253@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
|> In article <1pj2b6$aaa@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> >In article <1993Apr3.033446.10669@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
|> >|>Er, Jon, what Ken said was:
|> >|> 
|> >|> There have previously been people like you in your country.  Unfortunately,
|> >|>                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
|> >|> most Jews did not survive.
|> >|> 
|> >|>That sure sounds to me like Ken is accusing the guy of being a Nazi.
|> >

[my previous posting deleted]

|> 
|> Yes, yes.  This is a perfectly fine rant, and I agree with it completely.
|> But what does it have to do with anything?  The issue at hand here
|> is whether or not Ken accused the fellow from Germany of being a
|> Nazi.  I grant that he did not explicity make this accusation, but
|> he came pretty damn close.  He is certainly accusing the guy of
|> sympathizing with those who would like to exterminate the Jews, and
|> that's good enough for me.

The poster casually trashed two thousand years of Jewish history, and 
Ken replied that there had previously been people like him in Germany.

That's right.   There have been.    There have also been people who
were formally Nazis.   But the Nazi party would have gone nowhere
without the active and tacit support of the ordinary man in the
street who behaved as though casual anti-semitism was perfectly
acceptable.

Now what exactly don't you understand about what I wrote, and why
don't you see what it has to do with the matter at hand?

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Jews can't hide from keith@cco.

In article <1993Apr3.153552.4334@mac.cc.macalstr.edu>, acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu writes:
|> In article <1pint5$1l4@fido.asd.sgi.com>, livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes
>
> Well, Germany was hardly the ONLY country to discriminate against the 
> Jews, although it has the worst reputation because it did the best job 
> of expressing a general European dislike of them.  This should not turn 
> into a debate on antisemitism, but you should also point out that Luther's
>  antiSemitism was based on religious grounds, while Hitler's was on racial 
> grounds, and Wagnmer's on aesthetic grounds.  Just blanketing the whole 
> group is poor analysis, even if they all are bigots.

I find these to be intriguing remarks.   Could you give us a bit
more explanation here?   For example, which religion is anti-semitic,
and which aesthetic?

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr3.100039.15879@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
|> In <1p8ivt$cfj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >Should we British go around blowing up skyscrapers next?
|> 
|> I don't know if you are doing so, but it seems you are implying 
|> (1) that the person accused of blowing up the WTC in NY actually did it,
|> and
|> (2) that Islamic teachings have something to do with blowing up the WTC.

I was replying to a person who attempted to justify the fatwa
against Rushdie on the grounds that his work was intentionally
insulting. 

I think that to take a single sentence from a fairly long
posting, and to say 

	"I don't know if you are doing so, but it 
	seems you are implying....."

is at the very best quite disingenuous, and perhaps even
dishonest.    If anyone care to dig back and read the full
posting, they will see nothing of the kind.

I trust you don't deny that Islamic teaching has "something
to do" with the fatwa against Rushdie?

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <114127@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> 
|> I don't understand the point of this petty sarcasm. It is a basic 
|> principle of Islam that if one is born muslim or one says "I testify
|> that there is no god but God and Mohammad is a prophet of God" that,
|> so long as one does not explicitly reject Islam by word then one _must_
|> be considered muslim by all muslims. So the phenomenon you're attempting
|> to make into a general rule or psychology is a direct odds with basic
|> Islamic principles. If you want to attack Islam you could do better than
|> than to argue against something that Islam explicitly contradicts.

Then Mr Mozumder is incorrect when he says that when committing
bad acts, people temporarily become atheists?

jon.

From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

>If Saddam believed in God, he would pray five times a
>day.
>
>Communism, on the other hand, actually committed genocide in the name of
>atheism, as Lenin and Stalin have said themselves.  These two were die
>hard atheist (Look! A pun!) and believed in atheism as an integral part
>of communism.

No, Bobby.  Stalin killed millions in the name of Socialism.  Atheism was a
characteristic of the Lenin-Stalin version of Socialism, nothing more.
Another characteristic of Lenin-Stalin Socialism was the centralization of
food distribution.  Would you therefore say that Stalin and Lenin killed
millions in the name of rationing bread?  Of course not.


>More horrible deaths resulted from atheism than anything else.

In earlier posts you stated that true (Muslim) believers were incapable of
evil.  I suppose if you believe that, you could reason that no one has ever
been killed in the name of religion.  What a perfect world you live in,
Bobby.  


>One of the reasons that you are atheist is that you limit God by giving
>God a form.  God does not have a "face".

Bobby is referring to a rather obscure law in _The Good Atheist's 
Handbook_:

Law XXVI.A.3: Give that which you do not believe in a face.  

You must excuse us, Bobby.  When we argue against theism, we usually argue
against the Christian idea of God.  In the realm of Christianity, man was
created in God's image.  

-- 
|""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""|
| Kevin Marshall                         Sophomore, Computer Science |
| Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA  USA     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu  |
|____________________________________________________________________|

From: cfairman@leland.Stanford.EDU (Carolyn Jean Fairman)
Subject: Re: *** The list of Biblical contradictions

joslin@pogo.isp.pitt.edu (David Joslin) writes:

>Someone writes:
>>I found a list of Biblical contradictions and cleaned it up a bit,
>>but now I'd like some help with it.

>I'm curious to know what purpose people think these lists serve.

It's about time.  Why do atheists spend so much time paying attention
to the bible, anyway?

Face it, there are better things to do with your life!  I used to
chuckle and snort over the silliness in that book and the absurdity
of people believing in it as truth, etc.  Why do we spend so little
time on the Mayan religion, or the Native Americans?  Heck, the Native
Americans have signifigantly more interesting myths.  Also, what
about the Egyptians.

I think we pay so much attention to Christianity because we accept
it as a _religion_ and not a mythology, which I find more accurate.


I try to be tolerant.  It gets very hard when someone places a book
under my nose and tells me it's special.  It's not.

Carolyn

From: suopanki@stekt6.oulu.fi (Heikki T. Suopanki)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

>>>>> On 5 Apr 93 11:24:30 MST, jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com said:

:> God is eternal.    [A = B]
:> Jesus is God.      [C = A]
:> Therefore, Jesus is eternal.  [C = B]

:> This works both logically and mathematically.  God is of the set of
:> things which are eternal.  Jesus is a subset of God.   Therefore
:> Jesus belongs to the set of things which are eternal.

Everything isn't always so logical....

Mercedes is a car.
That girl is Mercedes.
Therefore, that girl is a car?

-Heikki

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <930404.111651.1K0.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew@mantis.co.uk (mathew) writes:
|> In article <1993Apr2.065230.18676@blaze.cs.jhu.edu>
|> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
|> >The "automobile system" kills non-driving passengers, not to mention
|> >pedestrians.  You need not drive or even use a car to be killed by one.
|> 
|> Indeed, and it kills far more than a system of public transport would.  I am
|> therefore entirely in favour of banning private cars and replacing them with
|> trains, buses, taxis, bicycles, and so on.

Seconded.   I cycle to work each day, and if we could just get
those damned cars and their cretinous drivers off the road, it
would be a lot more fun.

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <930404.112127.2h6.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew@mantis.co.uk (mathew) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> >                                      And we, meaning people who drive,
|> > accept the risks of doing so, and contribute tax money to design systems
|> > to minimize those risks.
|> 
|> Eh?  We already have systems to minimize those risks.  It's just that you car
|> drivers don't want to use them.
|> 
|> They're called bicycles, trains and buses.

Poor Matthew.   A million posters to call "you car drivers" and he
chooses me, a non car owner.

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Omnipotence (was Re: Speculations)

In article <1993Apr5.171143.828@batman.bmd.trw.com>, jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
|> In article <2942949719.2.p00261@psilink.com>, "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
|> >>DATE:   Fri, 2 Apr 1993 23:02:22 -0500
|> >>FROM:   Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
|> >>
|> >>
|> >>> > 3. Can god uncreate itself?
|> >>> 
|> >>> No.  For if He did, He would violate His own nature which He cannot do.
|> >>> It is God's nature to Exist.  He is, after all, the "I AM" which is
|> >>> a statement of His inherent Existence.  He is existence itself.
|> >>> Existence cannot "not-exist".
|> >>
|> >>Then, as mentioned above, he must not be very omnipotent.
|> >>
|> 
|> What do you mean by omnipotent here?  Do you mean by "omnipotent"
|> that God should be able to do anything/everything?  This creates
|> a self-contradictory definition of omnipotence which is effectively
|> useless.
|> 
|> To be descriptive, omnipotence must mean "being all-powerful" and
|> not "being able to do anything/everything".
|> 
|> Let me illustrate by analogy.
|> Suppose the United States were the only nuclear power on earth.  Suppose
|> further that the US military could not effectively be countered by any
|> nation or group of nations.  The US has the power to go into any country
|> at any time for any reason to straighten things out as the leaders of the
|> US see fit.  The US would be militarily "omnipotent".

Did you check with the Afghans before posting this?   They
might disagree.

jon.

From: ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au (Jeffrey Clark)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:

>Nanci Ann Miller writes:

>>My favorite reply to the "you are being too literal-minded" complaint is
>>that if the bible is really inspired by God and if it is really THAT
>>important to him, then he would make damn certain all the translators and
>>scribes and people interpreting and copying it were getting it right,
>>literally.  If not, then why should I put ANY merit at all in something
>>that has been corrupted over and over and over by man even if it was
>>originally inspired by God?

>The "corrupted over and over" theory is pretty weak.  Comparison of the
>current hebrew text with old versions and translations shows that the text
>has in fact changed very little over a space of some two millennia.  This
>shouldn't be all that suprising; people who believe in a text in this manner
>are likely to makes some pains to make good copies.
>-- 
Do you honestly hold to that tripe Charley? For a start there are enough
current versions of the Bible to make comparisons to show that what you write
above is utter garbage. Witness JW, Mormon, Catholic, Anglican, and Greek
Orthodox Bibles. But to really convince you I'd have to take you to a good
old library. In our local library we had a 1804 King James which I compared
to a brand new, hot of God's tongue Good News Bible. Genesis was almost
unrecognisable, many of the discrepencies between the four gospels had been
edited from the Good News Bible. In fact the God of Good News was a much
more congenial fellow I must say. 

If you like I'll get the 1804 King James out again and actually give you
some quotes. At least the headings haven't changed much.

Jeff.


From: ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au (Jeffrey Clark)
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals

cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl) writes:

>Why is it more reasonable than the trend towards obesity and the trend towards
>depression? You can't just pick your two favorite trends, notice a correlation 
>in them, and make a sweeping statement of generality. I mean, you CAN, and 
>people HAVE, but that does not mean that it is a valid or reasonable thesis. 
>At best it's a gross oversimplification of the push-pull factors people 
>experience.  

I agree, I reckon it's television and the increase in fundamentalism.. You
think its the increase in pre-marital sex... others thinks its because
psychologists have taken over the criminal justice system and let violent
criminals con them into letting them out into the streets... others think
it's the increase in designer drugs... others think it's a communist plot.
Basically the social interactions of all the changing factors in our society
are far too complicated for us to control. We just have to hold on to the
panic handles and hope that we are heading for a soft landing. But one
things for sure, depression and the destruction of the nuclear family is not
due solely to sex out of marriage.

Jeff.

>> 
>>  Fred Rice <-- a Muslim, giving his point of view.
>>  darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au 

>cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu  

From: lmh@juliet.caltech.edu (Henling, Lawrence M.)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution

In article <1993Apr3.195642.25261@njitgw.njit.edu>, dmu5391@hertz.njit.edu (David Utidjian Eng.Sci.) writes...
>In article <31MAR199321091163@juliet.caltech.edu> lmh@juliet.caltech.edu (Henling, Lawrence M.) writes:
>	For a complete description of what is, and is not atheism
>or agnosticism see the FAQ for alt.atheism in alt.answers... I think.
>utidjian@remarque.berkeley.edu

 I apologize for posting this. I thought it was only going to talk.origins.
I also took my definitions from a 1938 Websters.
 Nonetheless, the apparent past arguments over these words imply that like
'bimonthly' and 'biweekly' they have no commonly accepted definitions and
should be used with care.

larry henling  lmh@shakes.caltech.edu

From: karner@austin.ibm.com (F. Karner)
Subject: Re: Jews can't hide from keith@cco.


In article <1pj2b6$aaa@fido.asd.sgi.com>, livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
> In article <1993Apr3.033446.10669@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
> |> In article <1pint5$1l4@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
> |> >
> |> Deletions...
> |> Er, Jon, what Ken said was:
> |> 
> |>   There have previously been people like you in your country.  Unfortunately,
> |>                              ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> |>   most Jews did not survive.
> |> 
> |> That sure sounds to me like Ken is accusing the guy of being a Nazi.
> 
> Hitler and the Nazis didn't spring fully formed from the forehead
> of Athena.   They didn't invent anti-semitism.   They built on a 
> foundation of anti-semitism that was already present in Germany.   
> This foundation of anti-semitism was laid down, not by the Nazis, 
> but by the people I listed, and also by hundreds of years of unthinking, 
> knee-jerk bigotry, on the part of perfectly ordinary people, and, of
> course, their pastors and priests.
> 
> What we have to worry about today is not whether some Hollywood
> Hitler in a black uniform is going to come striding onto the German
> stage in one unprepared step, but whether those same bedrock foundations
> of anti-semitism are being laid down, little by little, in Germany,
> as we speak.
> 
> And if so, they will be laid down, not by Hitlers and Himmlers, who
> will come later, but by "people like" the poster in question.   The
> people who think that casual anti-semitism is acceptable, or even fun.
>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> 
Deletions...
> I did.     Now may I suggest, with the greatest possible respect, that
> you go read some history?
> 
> jon.

So, you consider the german poster's remark anti-semitic?  Perhaps you
imply that anyone in Germany who doesn't agree with israely policy in a
nazi?  Pray tell, how does it even qualify as "casual anti-semitism"? 
If the term doesn't apply, why then bring it up?

Your own bigotry is shining through.  
-- 

         DISCLAIMER: The opinions expressed in this posting are mine
            solely and do not represent my employer in any way.
       F. A. Karner AIX Technical Support | karner@austin.vnet.ibm.com

From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Omnipotence (was Re: Speculations)

In article <1993Apr5.171143.828@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:

>God is effectively limited in the same sense.  He is all powerful, but
>He cannot use His power in a way that would violate the essence of what
>He, Himself is.

	Cannot? Try, will not.

---

        "One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that 
        say "Mom", because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more 
        virile men."

        Bobby Mozumder  ( snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu )
        April 4, 1993

        The one TRUE Muslim left in the world. 


From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

In article <SUOPANKI.93Apr6024902@stekt6.oulu.fi> suopanki@stekt6.oulu.fi (Heikki T. Suopanki) writes:
>:> God is eternal.    [A = B]
>:> Jesus is God.      [C = A]
>:> Therefore, Jesus is eternal.  [C = B]
>
>:> This works both logically and mathematically.  God is of the set of
>:> things which are eternal.  Jesus is a subset of God.   Therefore
>:> Jesus belongs to the set of things which are eternal.
>
>Everything isn't always so logical....
>
>Mercedes is a car.
>That girl is Mercedes.
>Therefore, that girl is a car?

	This is not  strickly correct. Only by incorrect application of the 
rules of language, does it seem to work.

	The Mercedes in the first premis, and the one in the second are NOT 
the same Mercedes. 

	In your case, 

	A = B
	C = D
	
	A and D are NOT equal. One is a name of a person, the other the
name of a object. You can not simply extract a word without taking the 
context into account. 

	Of course, your case doesn't imply that A = D.

	In his case, A does equal D.


	Try again...

---

        "One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that 
        say "Mom", because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more 
        virile men."

        Bobby Mozumder  ( snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu )
        April 4, 1993

        The one TRUE Muslim left in the world. 


From: nrp@st-andrews.ac.uk (Norman R. Paterson)
Subject: Islam vs the Jehovah's Witnesses

In article <1993Apr2.223248.19014@Princeton.EDU> qpliu@princeton.edu writes:
>In article <1993Apr2.115300.803@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>>But God created Lucifer with a perfect nature and gave him along with
>>the other angels free moral will.
>
>>Now God could have prevented Lucifer's fall by taking away his ability
>>to choose between moral alternatives (worship God or worship himself),
>
>So Lucifer's moral choices are determined by his will.
>What determines what his will is?
>-- 
>qpliu@princeton.edu           Standard opinion: Opinions are delta-correlated.

Bobby-

A few posts ago you said that Lucifer had no free will.  From the above
it seems the JW believes the contrary.

Are you talking about the same Lucifer?

If so, can you suggest an experiment to determine which of you is wrong?

Or do you claim that you are both right?

-Norman

From: nrp@st-andrews.ac.uk (Norman R. Paterson)
Subject: Re: Had to share this

In article <1993Apr03.232325.23178@acme.gen.nz> kilroy@acme.gen.nz (earthbound misfit, I) writes:
>bena@dec07.cs.monash.edu.au (Ben Aveling) writes:
>
>> Warning - if you are anything like a devout Christian this post is
>> really going to offend and/or upset you.
>
>[...numerous Ctrl-Ls deleted...hehehe...]
>
>> I assume everyone here is familiar with the Christian `fish' symbol.
>> The one on the back of all those Volvos.
>> The one that looks (something) like
>>                __
>>               /  \/
>>               \__/\
>> 
>> Or perhaps more like () ?
>>                      '`
>> 
>> Well, I found out this morning where it comes from ...
>> 
>> It's been stolen from the pagans, like so much else ...
>> 
>> (Last last chance to be blisfully ignorant ;-]
>> 
>> Hmm, how can I put it.
>> 
>> Well, it comes from, this ...
>> 
>> 
>> 
>>                  __
>>                  \/
>>                  ()
>>              `__-'`-__'
>> 
>> 
>> 
>> Sigh, I hate drawing with ascii chars.
>> Still, I think you can work it out from there ...
>
>If you haven't, go read "Skinny Legs and All" by Tom Robbins. If he's even
>50% accurate then most of the modern religions have been "appropriated".
>It's also a great book.
>
>Followups to alt.atheism, whose readers are probably slightly more authorative
>on this.
>
>						- k
>-- 
>Craig Harding            kilroy@acme.gen.nz             ACME BBS +64 6 3551342
>"Jub'er lbh pnyyvat n obmb?"

Craig-

I thought it was derived from a Greek acronym.  My Greek isn't up to much, but
it goes something like this:

	Jesus Christ, God => Iesus CHristos, THeos => Ichthos

which is the Greek for "fish" (as in, eg "ichthysaurus").

Apologies for my dreadful Greek!  Perhaps someone will correct it.

By the way, what does your sig mean?

-Norman

From: nrp@st-andrews.ac.uk (Norman R. Paterson)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1993Apr5.020504.19326@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
[...]
>One of the reasons that you are atheist is that you limit God by giving
>God a form.  God does not have a "face".

Wait a minute.  I thought you said that Allah (I presume Allah == God) was unknowable,
and yet here you are claiming to know a very concrete fact about him.

You say that God does not have a "face".  Doesn't the bible say that God has hindparts?

How do you suggest I decide which (if any) of you is right?  Or are you both right?
God has hindparts but no face?  Or does your use of quotation marks:

	God does not have a "face".

allow you to interpret this to mean whatever you like?

>
>Peace,
>
>Bobby Mozumder

-Norman

From: qpliu@ernie.Princeton.EDU (q.p.liu)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

In article <1993Apr5.091139.823@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>In article <16BA5DA01.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de>, I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>> But could you give a definition of free will? Especially in the
>> presence of an omniscient being?

>"Will" is "self-determination".  In other words, God created conscious
>beings who have the ability to choose between moral choices independently
>of God.  All "will", therefore, is "free will".

So these hypothetical conscious beings can ignore any influences of
their circumstances (their genetics, their environment, their experiences)
which are not all self-determined?

(Of course, the idea of Hell makes the idea of "free will" dubious.
On the other hand, the idea of Hell is not a very powerful idea.

	"A Parable for You

	"There was once our main character who blah blah blah.
	"One day, a thug pointed a mean looking gun at OMC, and
said, 'Do what I say, or I'm blasting you to hell.'
	"OMC thought, 'If I believe this thug, and follow the
instructions that will be given, I'll avoid getting blasted to
hell.  On the other hand, if I believe this thug, and do not
follow the instructions that will be given, I'll get blasted to
hell.  Hmm... the more attractive choice is obvious, I'll
follow the instructions.'  Now, OMC found the choice obvious
because everything OMC had learned about getting blasted to
hell made it appear very undesirable.
	"But then OMC noticed that the thug's gun wasn't a real
gun.  The thug's threats were make believe.
	"So OMC ignored the thug and resumed blah blah blah.")
-- 
qpliu@princeton.edu           Standard opinion: Opinions are delta-correlated.

From: west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

In article <kmr4.1433.734039535@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M.  
Ryan) writes:
> In article <1993Apr5.163050.13308@wam.umd.edu>  
west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:
> >In article <kmr4.1422.733983061@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M.  
> >Ryan) writes:
> >> In article <1993Apr5.025924.11361@wam.umd.edu>  
> >west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:
> >> 
> >> >THE ILLIAD IS THE UNDISPUTED WORD OF GOD(tm)    *prove me wrong*
> >> 
> >> 	I dispute it.
> >> 
> >> 	Ergo: by counter-example: you are proven wrong.
> >
> >	I dispute your counter-example
> >
> >	Ergo: by counter-counter-example: you are wrong and
> >	I am right so nanny-nanny-boo-boo TBBBBBBBTTTTTTHHHHH
> 
> 	No. The premis stated that it was undisputed. 
> 

Fine... THE ILLIAD IS THE WORD OF GOD(tm)  (disputed or not, it is)

Dispute that.  It won't matter.  Prove me wrong.

Brian West
--
THIS IS NOT A SIG FILE            *    -"To the Earth, we have been
THIS IS NOT A SIG FILE            *     here but for the blink of an
OK, SO IT'S A SIG FILE            *     eye, if we were gone tomorrow, 
posted by west@wam.umd.edu        *     we would not be missed."-  
who doesn't care who knows it.    *        (Jurassic Park) 
** DICLAIMER: I said this, I meant this, nobody made me do it.**

From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

In article <1993Apr6.021635.20958@wam.umd.edu> west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:

>Fine... THE ILLIAD IS THE WORD OF GOD(tm)  (disputed or not, it is)
>
>Dispute that.  It won't matter.  Prove me wrong.

	The Illiad contains more than one word. Ergo: it can not be
the Word of God. 

	But, if you will humbly agree that it is the WORDS of God, I 
will conceed.

	:-D


---

        "One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that 
        say "Mom", because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more 
        virile men."

        Bobby Mozumder  ( snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu )
        April 4, 1993

        The one TRUE Muslim left in the world. 


Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution
From: rfox@charlie.usd.edu (Rich Fox, Univ of South Dakota)

In article <1pik3i$1l4@fido.asd.sgi.com>, livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>In article <C4u51L.8Bv@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>|>
>|> 
>|> Why do you spend so much time posting here if your atheism is so
>|> incidental, if the question of God is trivial? Fess up, it matters to
>|> you a great deal.
>
>Ask yourself two questions.
>
>	1.   How important is Mithras in your life today?
>
>	2.   How important would Mithras become if there was a
>	     well funded group of fanatics trying to get the
>	     schools system to teach your children that Mithras
>	     was the one true God?
>
>jon.

Right on, Jon!  Who cares who or whose, as long as it works for the individual.
But don't try to impose those beliefs on us or our children.  I would add the
well-funded group tries also to purge science, to deny children access to great
wonders and skills.  And how about the kids born to creationists?  What a
burden with which to begin adult life.  It must be a cruel awakening for those
who finally see the light, provided it is possible to escape from the depths of
this type of ignorance.

From: chrisb@tafe.sa.edu.au (Chris BELL)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:

>My syllogism is of the form:
>A is B.
>C is A.
>Therefore C is B.

>This is a logically valid construction.

>Your syllogism, however, is of the form:
>A is B.
>C is B.
>Therefore C is A.

>Therefore yours is a logically invalid construction, 
>and your comments don't apply.

>I appeal to Mathew (Mantis) here who wrote the excellent
>post (now part of the FAQ) on logical argument.

>Jim B.

I am not Mathew (Mantis) but any (successful) first year logic student will see that you are logically correct, the other poster is logically incorrect.

--
"I know" is nothing more than "I believe" with pretentions.

From: ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles)
Subject: Re: Concerning God's Morality (was: Americans and Evolution)

In article <1993Apr2.155057.808@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
[why do babies get diseases, etc.]
>What God did create was life according to a protein code which is
>mutable and can evolve.  Without delving into a deep discussion of
>creationism vs evolutionism,

 Here's the (main) problem. The scenario you outline is reasonably 
consistent, but all the evidence that I am familiar with not only does
not support it, but indicates something far different. The Earth, by
latest estimates, is about 4.6 billion years old, and has had life for
about 3.5 billion of those years. Humans have only been around for (at
most) about 200,000 years. But, the fossil evidence inidcates that life
has been changing and evolving, and, in fact, disease-ridden, long before
there were people. (Yes, there are fossils that show signs of disease...
mostly bone disorders, of course, but there are some.) Heck, not just
fossil evidence, but what we've been able to glean from genetic study shows
that disease has been around for a long, long time. If human sin was what
brought about disease (at least, indirectly, though necessarily) then
how could it exist before humans?

>                             God created the original genetic code
>perfect and without flaw.  And without getting sidetracked into
>the theological ramifications of the original sin, the main effect
>of the so-called original sin for this discussion was to remove
>humanity from God's protection since by their choice A&E cut
>themselves off from intimate fellowship with God.  In addition, their
>sin caused them to come under the dominion of Satan, who then assumed
>dominion over the earth...
[deletions]
>Since humanity was no longer under God's protection but under Satan's
>dominion, it was no great feat for Satan to genetically engineer
>diseases, both bacterial/viral and genetic.  Although the forces of
>natural selection tend to improve the survivability of species, the
>degeneration of the genetic code tends to more than offset this.  

 Uh... I know of many evolutionary biologists, who know more about
biology than you claim to, who will strongly disagree with this. There
is no evidence that the human genetic code (or any other) 'started off'
in perfect condition. It seems to adapt to its envionment, in a
collective sense. I'm really curious as to what you mean by 'the
degeneration of the genetic code'.

>Human DNA, being more "complex", tends to accumulate errors adversely
>affecting our well-being and ability to fight off disease, while the 
>simpler DNA of bacteria and viruses tend to become more efficient in 
>causing infection and disease.  It is a bad combination.

 Umm. Nah, we seem to do a pretty good job of adapting to viruses and
bacteria, and they to us. Only a very small percentage of microlife is
harmful to humans... and that small percentage seems to be reasonalby
constant in size, but the ranks keep changing. For example, bubonic
plague used to be a really nasty disease, I'm sure you'll agree. But
it still pops up from time to time, even today... and doesn't do as
much damage. Part of that is because of better sanitation, but even
when people get the disease, the symptoms tend to be less severe than in
the past. This seems to be partly because people who were very susceptible
died off long ago, and because the really nasty variants 'overgrazed',
(forgive the poor terminology, I'm an engineer, not a doctor! :-> ) and
died off for lack of nearby hosts.
 I could be wrong on this, but from what I gather acne is only a few
hundred years old, and used to be nastier, though no killer. It seems to
be getting less nasty w/age...

>                                                          Hence
>we have newborns that suffer from genetic, viral, and bacterial
>diseases/disorders.

 Now, wait a minute. I have a question. Humans were created perfect, right?
And, you admit that we have an inbuilt abiliy to fight off disease. It
seems unlikely that Satan, who's making the diseases, would also gift
humans with the means to fight them off. Simpler to make the diseases less
lethal, if he wants survivors. As far as I can see, our immune systems,
imperfect though they may (presently?) be, must have been built into us
by God. I want to be clear on this: are you saying that God was planning
ahead for the time when Satan would be in charge by building an immune
system that was not, at the time of design, necessary? That is, God made
our immune systems ahead of time, knowing that Adam and Eve would sin and
their descendents would need to fight off diseases?

>This may be more of a mystical/supernatural explanation than you
>are prepared to accept, but God is not responsible for disease.
>Even if Satan had nothing to do with the original inception of
>disease, evolution by random chance would have produced them since
>humanity forsook God's protection.

 Here's another puzzle. What, exactly, do you mean by 'perfect' in the
phrase, 'created... perfect and without flaw'? To my mind, a 'perfect'
system would be incapable of degrading over time. A 'perfect' system
that will, without constant intervention, become imperfect is *not* a
perfect system. At least, IMHO.
 Or is it that God did something like writing a masterpiece novel on a
bunch of gum wrappers held together with Elmer's glue? That is, the
original genetic 'instructions' were perfect, but were 'written' in
inferior materials that had to be carefully tended or would fall apart?
If so, why could God not have used better materials?
 Was God *incapable* of creating a system that could maintain itself,
of did It just choose not to?

[deletions]
>In summary, newborns are innocent, but God does not cause their suffering.

 My main point, as I said, was that there really isn't any evidence for
the explanation you give. (At least, that I'm aware of.) But, I couldn't
help making a few nitpicks here and there. :->

Sincerely,

Ray Ingles                  || The above opinions are probably
                            || not those of the University of
ingles@engin.umich.edu      || Michigan. Yet.

From: ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles)
Subject: Re: Concerning God's Morality (long)

In article <1993Apr5.084042.822@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>In article <1993Apr3.095220.24632@leland.Stanford.EDU>, galahad@leland.Stanford.EDU (Scott Compton) writes:
[deletions]
>> Now, back to your post.  You have done a fine job at using 
>> your seventh grade 'life science' course to explain why
>> bad diseases are caused by Satan and good things are a 
>> result of God.  But I want to let you in on a little secret.
>> "We can create an amino acid sequence in lab! -- And guess
>> what, the sequence curls into a helix!  Wow!  That's right,
>> it can happen without a supernatural force." 
>
>Wow!  All it takes is a few advanced science degrees and millions
>of dollars of state of the art equipment.  And I thought it took
>*intelligence* to create the building blocks of life.  Foolish me!

 People with advanced science degrees use state of the art equipment
and spend millions of dollars to simulate tornadoes. But tornadoes
do not require intelligence to exist.
 Not only that, the equipment needed is not really 'state of the art.'
To study the *products*, yes, but not to generate them.

>If you want to be sure that I read your post and to provide a
>response, send a copy to Jim_Brown@oz.bmd.trw.com.  I can't read
>a.a. every day, and some posts slip by.  Thanks.
 
 Oh, I will. :->

Sincerely,

Ray Ingles                  || The above opinions are probably
                            || not those of the University of
ingles@engin.umich.edu      || Michigan. Yet.

From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

>DATE:   5 Apr 1993 23:32:28 GMT
>FROM:   Jon Livesey <livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com>
>
>In article <114127@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>|> 
>|> I don't understand the point of this petty sarcasm. It is a basic 
>|> principle of Islam that if one is born muslim or one says "I testify
>|> that there is no god but God and Mohammad is a prophet of God" that,
>|> so long as one does not explicitly reject Islam by word then one _must_
>|> be considered muslim by all muslims. So the phenomenon you're attempting
>|> to make into a general rule or psychology is a direct odds with basic
>|> Islamic principles. If you want to attack Islam you could do better than
>|> than to argue against something that Islam explicitly contradicts.
>
>Then Mr Mozumder is incorrect when he says that when committing
>bad acts, people temporarily become atheists?
>
>jon.

Of course B.M. is not incorrect.  He is defending Islam.  When defending
Islam against infidels you can say anything and no one will dare criticize
you.  But when an atheist uses the same argument he is using "petty sarcasm".  So
B.M. can have his "temporary atheists" whenever he needs them and all the
"temporary atheists" can later say that they were always good Muslims because
they never explicitly rejected Islam.  

Temporary atheism, temporary Islam, temporary marriage.  None of it sticks.  
A teflon religion.  How convenient.  And so easy to clean up after.  But 
then, what would you expect from a bunch of people who can't even agree on 
the phases of the moon?



From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Concerning God's Morality (long)

This kind of argument cries for a comment...

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com wrote:
: In article <1993Apr3.095220.24632@leland.Stanford.EDU>, galahad@leland.Stanford.EDU (Scott Compton) writes:

Jim, you originally wrote:
 
: >>...God did not create
: >>disease nor is He responsible for the maladies of newborns.
: > 
: >>What God did create was life according to a protein code which is
: >>mutable and can evolve.  Without delving into a deep discussion of
: >>creationism vs evolutionism, God created the original genetic code
: >>perfect and without flaw. 
: >  ~~~~~~~     ~~~~~~~ ~~~~

Do you have any evidence for this? If the code was once perfect, and
has degraded ever since, we _should_ have some evidence in favour
of this statement, shouldn't we?

Perhaps the biggest "imperfection" of the code is that it is full
of non-coding regions, introns, which are so called because they
intervene with the coding regions (exons). An impressive amount of
evidence suggests that introns are of very ancient origin; it is
likely that early exons represented early protein domains.

Is the number of introns decreasing or increasing? It appears that
intron loss can occur, and species with common ancestry usually
have quite similar exon-intron structure in their genes. 

On the other hand, the possibility that introns have been inserted
later, presents several logical difficulties. Introns are removed
by a splicing mechanism - this would have to be present, but unused,
if introns are inserted. Moreover, intron insertion would have
required _precise_ targeting - random insertion would not be tolerated,
since sequences for intron removal (self-splicing of mRNA) are
conserved. Besides, transposition of a sequence usually leaves a
trace - long terminal repeats and target - site duplications, and
these are not found in or near intron sequences. 

I seriously recommend reading textbooks on molecular biology and
genetics before posting "theological arguments" like this. 
Try Watson's Molecular Biology of the Gene or Darnell, Lodish
& Baltimore's Molecular Biology of the Cell for starters.

: Remember, the question was posed in a theological context (Why does
: God cause disease in newborns?), and my answer is likewise from a
: theological perspective -- my own.  It is no less valid than a purely
: scientific perspective, just different.

Scientific perspective is supported by the evidence, whereas 
theological perspectives often fail to fulfil this criterion.
 
: I think you misread my meaning.  I said God made the genetic code perfect,
: but that doesn't mean it's perfect now.  It has certainly evolved since.

For the worse? Would you please cite a few references that support
your assertion? Your assertion is less valid than the scientific
perspective, unless you support it by some evidence.

In fact, it has been claimed that parasites and diseases are perhaps
more important than we've thought - for instance, sex might
have evolved as defence against parasites. (This view is supported by
computer simulations of evolution, eg Tierra.) 
 
: Perhaps.  I thought it was higher energy rays like X-rays, gamma
: rays, and cosmic rays that caused most of the damage.

In fact, it is thermal energy that does most of the damage, although
it is usually mild and easily fixed by enzymatic action. 

: Actually, neither of us "knows" what the atmosphere was like at the
: time when God created life.  According to my recollection, most
: biologists do not claim that life began 4 billion years ago -- after
: all, that would only be a half billion years or so after the earth
: was created.  It would still be too primitive to support life.  I
: seem to remember a figure more like 2.5 to 3 billion years ago for
: the origination of life on earth.  Anyone with a better estimate?

I'd replace "created" with "formed", since there is no need to 
invoke any creator if the Earth can be formed without one.
Most recent estimates of the age of the Earth range between 4.6 - 4.8
billion years, and earliest signs of life (not true fossils, but
organic, stromatolite-like layers) date back to 3.5 billion years.
This would leave more than billion years for the first cells to
evolve.

I'm sorry I can't give any references, this is based on the course
on evolutionary biochemistry I attended here. 

: >>dominion, it was no great feat for Satan to genetically engineer
: >>diseases, both bacterial/viral and genetic.  Although the forces of
: >>natural selection tend to improve the survivability of species, the
: >>degeneration of the genetic code tends to more than offset this.  

Again, do you _want_ this be true, or do you have any evidence for
this supposed "degeneration"? 

I can understand Scott's reaction:

: > Excuse me, but this is so far-fetched that I know you must be
: > jesting.  Do you know what pathogens are?  Do you know what 
: > Point Mutations are?  Do you know that EVERYTHING CAN COME
: > ABOUT SPONTANEOUSLY?!!!!!  
: 
: In response to your last statement, no, and neither do you.
: You may very well believe that and accept it as fact, but you
: cannot *know* that.

I hope you don't forget this: We have _evidence_ that suggests 
everything can come about spontaneously. Do you have evidence against
this conclusion? In science, one does not have to _believe_ in 
anything. It is a healthy sign to doubt and disbelieve. But the 
right path to walk is to take a look at the evidence if you do so,
and not to present one's own conclusions prior to this. 

Theology does not use this method. Therefore, I seriously doubt
it could ever come to right conclusions.

: >>Human DNA, being more "complex", tends to accumulate errors adversely
: >>affecting our well-being and ability to fight off disease, while the 
: >>simpler DNA of bacteria and viruses tend to become more efficient in 
: >>causing infection and disease.  It is a bad combination.  Hence
: >>we have newborns that suffer from genetic, viral, and bacterial
: >>diseases/disorders.

You are supposing a purpose, not a valid move. Bacteria and viruses
do not exist to cause disease. They are just another manifests of
a general principle of evolution - only replication saves replicators
from degradiation. We are just an efficient method for our DNA to 
survive and replicate. The less efficient methods didn't make it 
to the present. 

And for the last time.  Please present some evidence for your claim that
human DNA is degrading through evolutionary processes. Some people have
claimed that the opposite is true - we have suppressed our selection,
and thus are bound to degrade. I haven't seen much evidence for either
claim.
 
: But then I ask, So?  Where is this relevant to my discussion in
: answering John's question of why?  Why are there genetic diseases,
: and why are there so many bacterial and viral diseases which require
: babies to develop antibodies.  Is it God's fault? (the original
: question) -- I say no, it is not.

Of course, nothing "evil" is god's fault.  But your explanation does
not work, it fails miserably.
 
: You may be right.  But the fact is that you don't know that
: Satan is not responsible, and neither do I.
: 
: Suppose that a powerful, evil being like Satan exists.  Would it
: be inconceivable that he might be responsible for many of the ills
: that affect mankind?  I don't think so.

He could have done a much better Job. (Pun intended.) The problem is,
it seems no Satan is necessary to explain any diseases, they are
just as inevitable as any product of evolution.

: Did I say that?  Where?  Seems to me like another bad inference.
: Actually what you've done is to oversimplify what I said to the
: point that your summary of my words takes on a new context.  I
: never said that people are "meant" (presumably by God) "to be
: punished by getting diseases".  Why I did say is that free moral
: choices have attendent consequences.  If mankind chooses to reject
: God, as people have done since the beginning, then they should not
: expect God to protect them from adverse events in an entropic
: universe.

I am not expecting this. If god exists, I expect him to leave us alone.
I would also like to hear why do you believe your choices are indeed
free. This is an interesting philosophical question, and the answer
is not as clear-cut as it seems to be.

What consequences would you expect from rejecting Allah?
  
: Oh, I admit it's not perfect (yet).  But I'm working on it.  :)

A good library or a bookstore is a good starting point.

: What does this have to do with the price of tea in China, or the
: question to which I provided an answer?  Biology and Genetics are
: fine subjects and important scientific endeavors.  But they explain
: *how* God created and set up life processes.  They don't explain
: the why behind creation, life, or its subsequent evolution.

Why is there a "why behind"? And your proposition was something
that is not supported by the evidence. This is why we recommend
these books.

Is there any need to invoke any why behind, a prime mover? Evidence
for this? If the whole universe can come into existence without
any intervention, as recent cosmological theories (Hawking et al)
suggest, why do people still insist on this?
 
: Thanks Scotty, for your fine and sagely advice.  But I am
: not highly motivated to learn all the nitty-gritty details
: of biology and genetics, although I'm sure I'd find it a
: fascinating subject.  For I realize that the details do
: not change the Big Picture, that God created life in the
: beginning with the ability to change and adapt to its
: environment.

I'm sorry, but they do. There is no evidence for your big picture,
and no need to create anything that is capable of adaptation.
It can come into existence without a Supreme Being.

Try reading P.W. Atkins' Creation Revisited (Freeman, 1992).

Petri
--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

From: guncer@enuxha.eas.asu.edu (Selim Guncer )
Subject: Re: Islam & Dress Code for women

In article <16BA7103C3.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>In article <1993Apr5.091258.11830@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
>darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
> 
>>(2) Do women have souls in Islam?
>>
>>People have said here that some Muslims say that women do not have
>>souls.  I must admit I have never heard of such a view being held by
>>Muslims of any era.  I have heard of some Christians of some eras
>>holding this viewpoint, but not Muslims.  Are you sure you might not be
>>confusing Christian history with Islamic history?
>>
> 
>Yes, it is supposed to have been a predominant view in the Turkish
>Caliphate.
> 

I am not aware of any "Turkish Caliphate" viewpoint on this. Can you
reference?

However, I found a quote due to Imam Ali, whom the Shias follow:

"Men, never obey your women in any way whatsoever. Never let them give their
advice on any matter whatsoever, even those of everyday life. Indeed, allow
them freely to give advice on anything and they will fritter away one's
wealth and disobey the wishes of the owner of this wealth.
  We see them without religion, when, alone, they are left to their own
devices; they are lacking in both pity and virtue when their carnal
desires are at stake. It is easy to enjoy them, but they cause great
anxiety. The most virtious among them are libertines. But the most
corrupt are whores. Only those of them whom age has deprived of any
charm are untainted by vice. They have three qualities particular to
miscreants; they complain of being oppressed, whereas it is they
who oppress; they make oaths, whereas they are lying; they pretend
to refuse men's solicitations, whereas they desire them most ardently.
Let us beg the help of God to emerge victorious from their evil deeds.
And preserve us in any case from their good ones."

(Quote from Mas'ud al-Qanawi, ref. A. Bouhdiba, Sexuality in Islam, 
p. 118).

I wouldn't consider this quote as being exemplary of the Islamic (TM)
viewpoint though.  For all we know, the prophet's cousin and
the Fourth Khalif Hazret-i Ali may have said this after a frustrating 
night with a woman.

Selim Guncer

--
Selim E. Guncer               | Jaca negra, luna grande,
CSSER-ASU                     | y aceitunas en mi alforja.
(602)-965-4096                | Aunque sepa los caminos
guncer@enuxha.eas.asu.edu     | yo nunca llegare a Cordoba.. (FGL)

From: jen187@its.CSIRO.AU (Graham Jenkins +61 6 276 6812)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women


In article <1993Apr5.023044.19580@ultb.isc.rit.edu>, snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:


|> 
|> That's your mistake.  It would be better for the children if the mother
|> raised the child.
|> 
|> One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that say "Mom",
|> because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more virile men.
|> Compare that with how homos are raised.  Do a study and you will get my
|> point.
|> 
|> But in no way do you have a claim that it would be better if the men
|> stayed home and raised the child.  That is something false made up by
|> feminists that seek a status above men.  You do not recognize the fact
|> that men and women have natural differences.  Not just physically, but
|> mentally also.
|> 

Bobby, there's a question here that I just HAVE to ask. If all
of your posts aren't some sort of extended, elaborate hoax, why
are you trying so hard to convince the entire civilised world
that you're feeble minded? You have a talent for saying the most
absurd things. Here's a little sign for you, print it, cut it out
and put it on top of your computer/terminal.

              ENGAGE BRAIN PRIOR TO OPERATING KEYBOARD


(Having said all that, I must admit we all get a laugh from
your stuff.)




-- 

|  Graham Jenkins          |  graham.jenkins@its.csiro.au           | 
|  CSIRO                   |  (Commonwealth Scientific & Industrial | 
|  Canberra,  AUSTRALIA    |  Research Organisation)                |

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Jews can't hide from keith@cco.

In article <C51DAq.2Fqs@austin.ibm.com>, karner@austin.ibm.com (F. Karner) writes:
>
> So, you consider the german poster's remark anti-semitic? 

When someone says:

	"So after 1000 years of sightseeing and roaming around its 
	ok to come back, kill Palastinians, and get their land back, 
	right?"

Yes, that's casual antisemitism.    I can think of plenty of ways
to criticize Israeli policy without insulting Jews or Jewish history.

Can't you?

jon 

From: chrisb@tafe.sa.edu.au (Chris BELL)
Subject: Re: Don't more innocents die without the death penalty?

"James F. Tims" <p00168@psilink.com> writes:

>By maintaining classes D and E, even in prison, it seems as if we 
>place more innocent people at a higher risk of an unjust death than 
>we would if the state executed classes D and E with an occasional error.

I would rather be at a higher risk of being killed than actually killed by
                              ^^^^                      ^^^^^^^^
mistake.  Though I do agree with the concept that the type D and E murderers
are a massive waste of space and resources I don't agree with the concept:

	killing is wrong
	if you kill we will punish you
	our punishment will be to kill you.

Seems to be lacking in consistency.

--
"I know" is nothing more than "I believe" with pretentions.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Islam & Dress Code for women

In article <1993Apr6.030734.28563@ennews.eas.asu.edu>, guncer@enuxha.eas.asu.edu (Selim Guncer ) writes:
>
> I wouldn't consider this quote as being exemplary of the Islamic 
> (TM) viewpoint though.  For all we know, the prophet's cousin and
> the Fourth Khalif Hazret-i Ali may have said this after a 
> frustrating night with a woman.

That's very interesting.    I wonder, are women's reactions
recorded after a frustrating night with a man?   Is that
considered to be important?

jon.

From: ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles)
Subject: Re: There must be a creator! (Maybe)

In article <1993Apr2.144909.806@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>In article <1993Apr2.165032.3356@bradford.ac.uk>, L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham) writes:
[deletions]
>>...Argument from incredulity has not been considered a valid form of
>> reasoning since medieval times.
[deletions]
>Interesting that you should mention that "Argument from incredulity has
>not been considered a valid form of reasoning since medieval times."  I
>quite agree.  Why then, do some atheists here engage in it?  More than
>a few times I have read posts where the atheists posting state that
>they 'cannot see how a gracious and loving God can allow such evil and
>suffering to occur as we see on the earth.'  Simply because they cannot
>envision it, it must not be true.  If this is not an argument from
>incredulity, I don't know what is!

 As you have presented it, it is indeed an argument from incredulity.
However, from what I have seen, it is not often presented in this manner.
It is usually presented more in the form, "And *besides*, I cannot see...
...nor have I ever been offered a convincing explanation."
 Moreover, it is not unreasonable to ask for an explanation for such
phenomena. That theism does not provide a convincing explanation is not
an argument in theism's favor. Especially when different theisms offer 
different explanations, and even different adherents of what is purportedly
the same theism give different explanations...

>                                    God has far more complex motivations
>and reasons for action or non-action than to simply "fix" evil whenever
>and however it occurs, or even *before* it occurs.  And yet, it is this
>very same argument from incredulity which ranks high among reasons
>why atheists (in general) reject God and in particular the Christian God.

 Not im my experience. In my experience, the most common reason is the
lack of evidence in theism's favor. You mileage may vary. :->

>This seems to be the universal bane of human reasoning and rationality, 
>to wit, that it is far easier to see the logical fallacy or inept reasoning 
>on the part of one's opponents than it is to see it in oneself.

 Oh, heck, I'll be snide this once. :-> It's also fairly easy to attack
arguments that are not made. (I.e. 'strawmen'.)

>As one Man of Wisdom put it, take the log out of your own eye before you 
>try to remove the splinter from your neighbor's eye.

 Sage advice indeed.

 Sincerely,

 Raymond Ingles                       ingles@engin.umich.edu

 "An apple every eight hours keeps three doctors away." - B. Kliban

From: ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au (Jeffrey Clark)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:

>mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:

>>>Perhaps we shouldn't imprision people if we could watch them closely
>>>instead.  The cost would probably be similar, especially if we just
>>>implanted some sort of electronic device.
>>Why wait until they commit the crime?  Why not implant such devices in
>>potential criminals like Communists and atheists?

>Sorry, I don't follow your reasoning.  You are proposing to punish people
>*before* they commit a crime?  What justification do you have for this?

No, Mathew is proposing a public defence mechanism, not treating the
electronic device as an impropriety on the wearer. What he is saying is that
the next step beyond what you propose is the permanent bugging of potential
criminals.  This may not, on the surface, sound like a bad thing, but who
defines what a potential criminal is? If the government of the day decides
that being a member of an opposition party makes you a potential criminal
then openly defying the government becomes a lethal practice, this is not
conducive to a free society.

Mathew is saying that implanting electronic surveillance devices upon people
is an impropriety upon that person, regardless of what type of crime or
what chance of recidivism there is. Basically you see the criminal justice
system as a punishment for the offender and possibly, therefore, a deterrant
to future offenders. Mathew sees it, most probably, as a means of
rehabilitation for the offender. So he was being cynical at you, okay?

Jeff.


From: JDB1145@tamvm1.tamu.edu
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

In article <65934@mimsy.umd.edu>
mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
 
>
>Nanci Ann Miller writes:
>
]The "corrupted over and over" theory is pretty weak.  Comparison of the
]current hebrew text with old versions and translations shows that the text
]has in fact changed very little over a space of some two millennia.  This
]shouldn't be all that suprising; people who believe in a text in this manner
]are likely to makes some pains to make good copies.
 
Tell it to King James, mate.
 
]C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
]                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
]mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
]tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."
 
 
John Burke, jdb1145@summa.tamu.edu

From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Islamic marriage?

>DATE:   Tue, 6 Apr 1993 00:11:49 GMT
>FROM:   F. Karner <karner@austin.ibm.com>
>
>In article <1993Apr2.103237.4627@Cadence.COM>, mas@Cadence.COM (Masud Khan) writes:
>> In article <C4qAv2.24wG@austin.ibm.com> karner@austin.ibm.com (F. Karner) writes:
>> >
>> >Okay.  So you want me to name names?  There are obviously no official
>> >records of these pseudo-marriages because they are performed for
>> >convenience.  What happens typically is that the woman is willing to move
>> >in with her lover without any scruples or legal contracts to speak of. 
>> >The man is merely utilizing a loophole by entering into a temporary
>> >religious "marriage" contract in order to have sex.  Nobody complains,
>> >nobody cares, nobody needs to know.
>> >
>> >Perhaps you should alert your imam.  It could be that this practice is
>> >far more widespread than you may think.  Or maybe it takes 4 muslim men
>> >to witness the penetration to decide if the practice exists!
>> >-- 
>> >
>> 
>> Again you astound me with the level of ignorance you display, Muslims
>> are NOT allowed to enter temporary marriages, got that? There is
>> no evidence for it it an outlawed practise so get your facts 
>> straight buddy. Give me references for it or just tell everyone you
>> were lying. It is not a widespread as you may think (fantasise) in
>> fact contrary to your fantasies it is not practised at all amongst
>> Muslims.

Did you miss my post on this topic with the quote from The Indonesian
Handbook and Fred Rice's comments about temporary marriages?  If so, 
I will be glad to repost them.  Will you accept that it just may be 
a practice among some Muslims, if I do?  Or will you continue to claim
that we are all lying and that it is "not practised at all amongst Muslims".

I don't think F. Karner has to tell everyone anything.  Least of all that
he is lying.

Since you obviously know nothing about this practice, there is very little
you can contribute to the discussion except to accuse everyone of lying.
Perhaps it is your ignorance which is showing.  Learn more about Islam.
Learn more about Muslims.  Open your eyes.  Maybe you will also see some
of the things the atheists see.



Subject: Re: Don't more innocents die without the death penalty?
From: lippard@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)

In article <chrisb.734068710@bAARNie>, chrisb@tafe.sa.edu.au (Chris BELL) writes...
>	killing is wrong
>	if you kill we will punish you
>	our punishment will be to kill you.
> 
>Seems to be lacking in consistency.

Not any more so than

      holding people against their will is wrong
      if you hold people against their will we will punish you
      our punishment will be to hold you against your will

Is there any punishment which isn't something which, if done by a private
person to another private person for no apparent reason, would lead to
punishment?  (Fines, I suppose.)

Jim Lippard              Lippard@CCIT.ARIZONA.EDU
Dept. of Philosophy      Lippard@ARIZVMS.BITNET
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721

Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses
From: lippard@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)

In article <kmr4.1444.734058912@po.CWRU.edu>, kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes...
>In article <SUOPANKI.93Apr6024902@stekt6.oulu.fi> suopanki@stekt6.oulu.fi (Heikki T. Suopanki) writes:
>>:> God is eternal.    [A = B]
>>:> Jesus is God.      [C = A]
>>:> Therefore, Jesus is eternal.  [C = B]
>>
>>:> This works both logically and mathematically.  God is of the set of
>>:> things which are eternal.  Jesus is a subset of God.   Therefore
>>:> Jesus belongs to the set of things which are eternal.

The first premise and the conclusion are not properly translated as identity
statements, since the "is" in those statements is the "is" of predication
rather than of identity.  Instead, they should be translated using a
predicate letter.  Using "g" to designate God and "j" to designate Jesus,
and the predicate letter "E" for the property of being eternal, the
first premise is Eg and the conclusion is Ej.
    The second premise appears to contain an "is" of identity, in which
case it can be properly symbolized as j = g.  But your remark that "Jesus
is a subset of God" suggests that strict identity is not desired here.
If, however, the first premise means that all members making up the set
God have the property of being eternal, the same conclusion follows.

Jim Lippard              Lippard@CCIT.ARIZONA.EDU
Dept. of Philosophy      Lippard@ARIZVMS.BITNET
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721

Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses
From: lippard@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)

In article <chrisb.734064380@bAARNie>, chrisb@tafe.sa.edu.au (Chris BELL) writes...
>jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
> 
>>My syllogism is of the form:
>>A is B.
>>C is A.
>>Therefore C is B.
> 
>>This is a logically valid construction.
> 
>>Your syllogism, however, is of the form:
>>A is B.
>>C is B.
>>Therefore C is A.
> 
>>Therefore yours is a logically invalid construction, 
>>and your comments don't apply.

If all of those are "is"'s of identity, both syllogisms are valid.
If, however, B is a predicate, then the second syllogism is invalid.
(The first syllogism, as you have pointed out, is valid--whether B
is a predicate or designates an individual.)

Jim Lippard              Lippard@CCIT.ARIZONA.EDU
Dept. of Philosophy      Lippard@ARIZVMS.BITNET
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721

From: stank@cbnewsl.cb.att.com (Stan Krieger)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

student writes:

>Somewhere, roger colin shouse writes about "radical gay dogma."  Somewhere else
>he claims not to claim to have a claim to knowing those he doesn't know.
>There are at least twenty instances of this kind of muddleheaded fourth-
>reich-sophistique shit in his postings.  Maybe more.  In fact I'm not sure
>the instances could be counted, because they reproduce like a virus the more
>you consider his words.
>	My question is this: what is the best response to weasels like
>shouse and Stan Krieger?  Possibilities:
>	(a) study them dispassionately and figure out how they work, then
>(1) remember what you've learned so as to combat them when they or their clones
>get into office
>(2) contribute your insights to your favorite abnormal psych ward
>	(b) learn to overcome your repugnance for serial murder

This posting is totally uncalled for in rec.scouting.

The point has been raised and has been answered.  Roger and I have
clearly stated our support of the BSA position on the issue;
specifically, that homosexual behavior constitutes a violation of
the Scout Oath (specifically, the promise to live "morally straight").

There is really nothing else to discuss.  Trying to cloud the issue
with comparisons to Blacks or other minorities is also meaningless
because it's like comparing apples to oranges (i.e., people can't
control their race but they can control their behavior).

What else is there to possibly discuss on rec.scouting on this issue?
Nobody, including BSA, is denying anybody the right to live and/or
worship as they please or don't please,  but it doesn't mean that BSA
is the big bad wolf for adhering to the recognized, positive, religious
and moral standards on which our society has been established and on
which it should continue to be based.
-- 
Stan Krieger                 All opinions, advice, or suggestions, even
UNIX System Laboratories     if related to my employment, are my own.
Summit, NJ
smk@usl.com

From: davidk@welch.jhu.edu (David "Go-Go" Kitaguchi)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

In article 65934@mimsy.umd.edu, mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
:PNanci Ann Miller writes:
:P
:P>My favorite reply to the "you are being too literal-minded" complaint is
:P>that if the bible is really inspired by God and if it is really THAT
:P>important to him, then he would make damn certain all the translators and
:P>scribes and people interpreting and copying it were getting it right,
:P>literally.  If not, then why should I put ANY merit at all in something
:P>that has been corrupted over and over and over by man even if it was
:P>originally inspired by God?
:P
:PThe "corrupted over and over" theory is pretty weak.  Comparison of the
:Pcurrent hebrew text with old versions and translations shows that the text
:Phas in fact changed very little over a space of some two millennia.  This
:Pshouldn't be all that suprising; people who believe in a text in this manner
:Pare likely to makes some pains to make good copies.

Well corrupted the first time is good enough.  Seeing that the bible was constructed
400 years after Jesus's death, in the text of merchants (ie-owe this and owe that) I wonder how anyone can take the literal word seriously.  Obviously it was not intended for such nonsense, otherwise the authors of the bible would not need to plagerize (sp)
off of the Asians for most of the contents that can be interperated to make sense.


From: davidk@welch.jhu.edu (David "Go-Go" Kitaguchi)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution


:P>My atheism is incidental, and the question of "God" is trivial.
:P
:P>But........
:P
:P>It matters a great deal to me when idiots try to force their belief on me,
:P>when they try to enforce their creation myths to be taught as scientific
:P>fact in school, when they tell me I can have no morals because morals are
:P>from "God", when a successful presidential candidate says that an atheist
:P>shouldn't be considered a citizen and couldn't be patriotic because "after
:P>all this is one nation under God", when the fundies try to take over the
:P>party that may well provide the next President of The United States of
:P>America so that they can force their beliefs on the rest of the country,
:P>et cetera..........
:P
:P>That's why I subscribe to alt.atheism.
:P
:P>And in the middle of this, people who aren't mind readers pop up on
:P>alt.atheism to tell me what I do or don't believe, or to concoct some
:P>straw-man reason why I don't share their particular belief.
:P
:P>You think I should just accept this?
:P
:P>This isn't particularly a dig at fundamentalist christians. I have been
:P>told on alt.atheism that I reject Allah because I am too proud to embrace
:P>islam, and that I reject Krishna because my eyes are closed. But most of
:P>the religious nuts who post on alt.atheism are some kind of militant
:P>christian who can't accept that others don't share their beliefs. This
:P>kind of stuff should be kept on talk.religion.misc, where it belongs.
:P
:P>ATHEISM ISN'T A BELIEF, IT'S THE ABSENCE OF BELIEF IN ANY GODS.
:P>                                 -------
:P
:P>Do you have a problem with this?
:P
:P>>
:P>>Bill
:PFirst, I would like to say that atheism is in fact a belief.  It is a beilief
:Pbecause a belief in something you hold to with ador and faith.  An atheist says there are no gods.  This cannot be proven. therefore you are excepting this on
:Pfaith alone.  That is a belief.  Secondly, you complain so much about how the 
:Pfundamental christians are trying to force their beliefs on you, but you don't
:Pmention anything about how the atheists, such as; Madamme Murry O'hare(founder
:Pof the Atheists Association in Austin Texas), and Robert Sherman(from the       Chicago area) have been trying to force their beliefs on everyone by trying to  get rid of God from our society by banning religious paintings from parks during Chistmas,  forcing cities to change their town seals if there is any mention of God in it (like Sherman has done), or trying to get the slogan "In God We Trust" off of the American currency? You also talk about creation "myths" as if they are in fact myths and tha
:P
:P
:P 
:Phave concrete evidece of this.  You probably
:Pdon't and that just enforces my point that your atheism is just as much belief as my christianity.  If this is not so please do show me why it isn't.  
:PMark Covalt 

The only real problem I have with the argument of christianity is that they seem to ignore their origin that being Asiatic in origin.  As soon as christians become the 
good non ego-centric Buddhists they are supposed to be, then I might listen.

My opinion, I speak not for my place of employment... But I should...
"Christ was over-rated, and will the ATF follow Koresh (the current Christ) through
his ascention to heaven?"

From: bevans@carina.unm.edu (Mathemagician)
Subject: Re: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Introduction to Atheism

I have an addition to the FAQ regarding "why are there no atheist
hospitals."

If I recall correctly, Johns Hopkins was built to provide medical
services without the "backing" of a religious group...thus making it a
hospital "dedicated to the glory of [weak] atheism."

Might someone check up on this?

-- 
Brian Evans                |     "Bad mood, bad mood...Sure I'm in a bad mood!
bevans@carina.unm.edu      |      I haven't had sex...*EVER!*" -- Virgin Mary

From: naren@tekig1.PEN.TEK.COM (Naren Bala)
Subject: Re: Theists posting

In article <C4ux99.AIC@ra.nrl.navy.mil> khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil (Umar Khan) writes:

Stuff deleted 

>Is there a concordance for the FAQ?  WHich translation is considered
>most authoritative?  Is there an orthodox commentary for the FAQ
>available?  Is there one FAQ for militant atheists and another for
>moderate atheists; or, do you all read from the same FAQ?  If so,
>how do you resolve differences of interpretation?

Hmmmmmmmmmmmm.............................................         
I can put the same question to followers of any religion. How do you
Moslems resolve differences of opinion ?? Don't tell me that there
is one interpretation of the Quran. Read the soc.culture.* newsgroups.
You will zillions of different interpretations.

-- Naren
naren@TEKIG1.PEN.TEK.COM 

All standard disclaimers apply


From: naren@tekig1.PEN.TEK.COM (Naren Bala)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

>snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
> More horrible deaths resulted from atheism than anything else.
>

LIST OF KILLINGS IN THE NAME OF RELIGION 
1. Iran-Iraq War: 1,000,000
2. Civil War in Sudan: 1,000,000
3, Riots in India-Pakistan in 1947: 1,000,000
4. Massacares in Bangladesh in 1971: 1,000,000
5. Inquistions in America in 1500s: x million (x=??)
6. Crusades: ??

I am sure that people can add a lot more to the list.
I wonder what Bobby has to say about the above. 
Standard Excuses will not be accepted.
-- Naren

All standard disclaimers apply


From: richard@harlqn.co.uk (Richard Brooksby)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu> writes:

> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
> > More horrible deaths resulted from atheism than anything else.
>
> There are definitely quite a few horrible deaths as the result of
> both atheists AND theists.  ...  Perhaps, since I'm a bit weak on
> history, somone here would like to give a list of wars caused/led by
> theists? ...

This thread seems to be arguing the validity of a religious viewpoint
according to some utilitarian principle, i.e. atheism/religion is
wrong because it causes death.  The underlying `moral' is that death
is `wrong'.  This is a rather arbitrary measure of validity.

Get some epistemology.
---
richard@harlequin.com		  (Internet)
richard@harlequin.co.uk           (Internet)
RPTB1@UK.AC.CAMBRIDGE.PHOENIX     (JANET)
Zen Buddhist

From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: Radical Agnostic... NOT!

[reply to zazen@austin.ibm.com (E. H. Welbon)]
 
>>>     There is no means that i can possibly think of to prove beyond doubt
>>>that a god does not exist (but if anyone has one, by all means, tell me
>>>what it is).  Therefore, lacking this ability of absolute proof, being an
>>>atheist becomes an act of faith in and of itself, and this I cannot accept.
>>> I accept nothing on blind faith.
 
>>Invisible Pink Flying Unicorns!  Need I say more?
 
>...I harbor no beliefs at all, there is no good evidence for god
>existing or not.  Some folks call this agnosticism.  It does not suffer
>from "blind faith" at all.  I think of it as "Don't worry, be happy".
 
For many atheists, the lack of belief in gods is secondary to an
epistemological consideration:  what do we accept as a reliable way of
knowing?  There are no known valid logical arguments for the existence
of gods, nor is there any empirical evidence that they exist.  Most
philosophers and theologians agree that the idea of a god is one that
must be accepted on faith.  Faith is belief without a sound logical
basis or empirical evidence.  It is a reliable way of knowing?
 
There is probably nothing else most people would accept in the absence
of any possibility of proof.  Even when we agree to take someone elses
word "on faith", we just mean that having found this person to be
reliable in the past, we judge him likely to be a reliable source now.
If we find faith less reliable than logic and empirical evidence
everywhere else, why assume it will provide reliable knowledge about
gods?
 
The difference between the atheist and the theist is fundamentally then
one of whether or not faith is held to be a reliable way of knowing,
rather than, as some agnostic posters would have it, whether ones faith
is in gods or no gods.  The theist believes that faith is an acceptable
basis for a belief in gods, even if he rejects faith as reliable at
other times, for example in his work as a scientist.  The atheist
believes that only logic and empirical evidence lead to reliable
knowledge.  Agnosticism seems to me a less defensible position than
theism or atheism, unless one is a sceptic in regards to all other
knowledge.  Without evidence, why should we believe in gods rather than
Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny?
 
I would also like to point out as others have that the atheist doesn't
require absolute knowledge of the lack of gods.  I don't believe that
there is any such thing as absolute knowledge.  Atheism is the best and
simplest theory to fit the (lack of) facts and so should be held until
contrary evidence is found.
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Is Keith as ignorant as he seems?

mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus) writes:

>>>No, everything wouldn't be OK, but it would be a start.
>>Now wait, if the religious organizations were no longer tax-exempt, what
>>other beef could you have?  They would then have as much right to lobby
>>as would any other group.
>You asked "would everything be okay".  I answered no.  Everything 
>encompasses more than just the tax-exempt status of religious 
>organizations.

Well, if everything wouldn't be okay, then tell us what it is that
wouldn't be okay.   That is, if religions were no longer tax-exempt, then
what would be wrong with their lobbying or otherwise attempting to
influence politics?

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Keith Schneider - Stealth Poster?

mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus) writes:

>Let me see if I understand what you are saying.  In order to talk 
>knowledgeably about religion, Atheists must first have been so immersed 
>in a religion that only the rare individual could have left.  

No, you don't understand.  I said that I don't think people can discuss
the subjective merits of religion objectively.  This should be obvious.
People here have said that everyone would be better off without religion,
but this almost certainly isn't true.

>>But really, are you threatened by the motto, or by the people that use it?
>The motto is a tool.  Let's try to take away the tool.

But, guns and axes are tools, both of which have been used for murder.
Should both be taken away?  That is to say, I don't think motto misuse
warrants its removal.  At least not in this case.

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Keith Schneider - Stealth Poster?

cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes:

>I somewhat agree with u.  However, what it comes to (theist) religion, 
>it's a different matter.  That's because religion is like a drug, once u
>use it, it's very difficult to get out of it.  That's because in
>order to experience a religion, u necessarily have to have blind faith,
>and once u have the blind faith, it's very diffcult for you to reason
>yourself back to atheism again.
>Therefore, it's unreasonable to ask people to try religion in order to
>judge it.  It's like asking people to "try dying to find out what
>death is like".

Well now, we can't judge death until we are dead right?  So, why should
we judge religion without having experienced it?  People have said that
religion is bad by any account, and that it is in no way useful, etc.,
but I don't totally agree with this.  Of course, we cannot really say
how the religious folk would act had they not been exposed to religion,
but some people at least seemed to be helped in some ways by it.

So basically, we can not judge whether religion is the right route for
a given individual, or even for a general population.  We can say that
it is not best for us personally (at least, you can choose not to use
religion--might be hard to try to find out its benefits, as you state
above).

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Political Atheists?

mmwang@adobe.com (Michael Wang) writes:

>I was looking for a rigorous definition because otherwise we would be
>spending the rest of our lives arguing what a "Christian" really
>believes.

I don't think we need to argue about this.

>KS>Do you think that the motto points out that this country is proud
>KS>of its freedom of religion, and that this is something that
>KS>distinguishes us from many other countries?
>MW>No.
>KS>Well, your opinion is not shared by most people, I gather.
>Perhaps not, but that is because those seeking to make government
>recognize Christianity as the dominant religion in this country do not
>think they are infringing on the rights of others who do not share
>their beliefs.

Yes, but also many people who are not trying to make government recognize
Christianity as the dominant religion in this country do no think
the motto infringes upon the rights of others who do not share their
beliefs.

And actually, I think that the government already does recognize that
Christianity is the dominant religion in this country.  I mean, it is.
Don't you realize/recognize this?

This isn't to say that we are supposed to believe the teachings of
Christianity, just that most people do.

>Like I've said before I personally don't think the motto is a major
>concern.

If you agree with me, then what are we discussing?

>KS>Since most people don't seem to associate Christmas with Jesus much
>KS>anymore, I don't see what the problem is.
>Can you prove your assertion that most people in the U.S. don't
>associate Christmas with Jesus anymore?

No, but I hear quite a bit about Christmas, and little if anything about
Jesus.  Wouldn't this figure be more prominent if the holiday were really
associated to a high degree with him?  Or are you saying that the
association with Jesus is on a personal level, and that everyone thinks
about it but just never talks about it?

That is, can *you* prove that most people *do* associate Christmas
most importantly with Jesus?

>Anyways, the point again is that there are people who do associate
>Christmas with Jesus. It doesn't matter if these people are a majority
>or not.

I think the numbers *do* matter.  It takes a majority, or at least a
majority of those in power, to discriminate.  Doesn't it?

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>> The probability that the "automobile system" will kill someone 
>> innocent in an accident goes asymptotically close to 1, just 
>> like the court system.
>However, anyone who doesn't like the "automobile system" can
>opt out, as I have.

This isn't true.  Many people are forced to use the "automobile system."
I certainly don't use it by choice.  If there were other ways of getting
around, I'd do it.

>Secondly, we do try to make the "automobile system" as safe
>as possible, because we *do* recognize the danger to the 
>innocent, whereas the US - the current example - is not trying
>to make the "Court System" safer, which it could fairly easily
>do by replacing fatal punishments with non-fatal punishments.

But I think that the Court system has been refined--over hundreds of
years in the US, Britain, and other countries.  We have tried to make
it as fair as possible.  Can it be made better (without removing the
death penalty)?  Besides, life imprisonment sounds like a fatal punishment
to me.

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Political Atheists?

dace@shrike.und.ac.za (Roy Dace) writes:

>Keith Allan Schneider (keith@cco.caltech.edu) wrote:

>Some soldiers are dependent on religion, for a number of purposes.
>And some are no doubt dependent on cocaine, yet I don't see the military paying
>for coca fields.

While religion certainly has some benefits in a combat situation, what are
the benefits of cocaine?

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: >>>>>>Pompous ass

<MVS104@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:

>>Many people would probably think (especially if the fanatics propogandized
>>this) that this was a conflict between the atheists and the religious.
>>Many would get the impression that we were trying to outlaw religion, if
>>we contintue to try to remove all things with a religious reference.
>That's not what the people I've asked think. Perhaps you would be right
>if you said the fundamentalists would think this way; after all, they think
>they are being oppressed when they are not allowed to oppress. However,
>you have not shown where you get this idea that 'many' people would
>'probably' think it's atheism vs. religion, winner take all. As far as I can
>tell, it is your groundless prediction that this will happen.

But you haven't taken into the account of propoganda.  Remember, if you
asked Germans before WWII if the Jews shoudl be slaughtered, they would
probably answer no, but, after the propoganda machine rolled through, at
least some were able to tolerate it.

You see, it only takes a small group of fanatics to whip up a general
frenzy.

>>THe propoganda machines have been in gear over a number of issues, including
>>abortion and gays...  look at some of the things that have happened.
>Well, so far they have passed one amendment, which is currently under
>intense scrutiny, and they have failed to outlaw abortion, which is their
>prime goal on that issue. Yep, they seem sooo effective. Sure.

Well, they haven't managed to outlaw abortion due to the possible objectivity
of the courts.  But, they have managed to create quite a few problems for
people that wanted to have an abortion.  They could create similar problems
for us.  And, it could be worse.  They can try to stop abortions by blocking
clinics, etc., but imagine what they'd have to do to stop atheism.

>>>>Besides, the margin of error is very large when you only talk to two people.
>>>Better than your one, that is, your opinion. Also, I have branched
>>>out and the informal survey is up over half a dozen now.
>>And, what have they said?  Were you questions unbiased?
>Keith, you would claim that my questions are biased the minute I posted
>them, because the answers agreed with me. Everyone I have asked about
>the possible removal of the motto (the christian portion) has expressed
>regret about its loss, because they like it. However, when it is pointed
>out to them that a new motto will not be in the works, none have expressed
>the desire to rape, murder, pillage, etc., which you have basically claimed.

So, you are able to convince them individually, but could you convince a
whole room of them?  A whole nation?

>As for the atheist portion (I know some around here), they have all
>expressed disgust with the motto. Some noted being harassed by christians
>who used the motto to try to seem justified. And all would see it gone.

Yes, I'd be glad if it were gone to.  I've never supported it.  However,
I think that it is a minor problem that can be easily ignored, contrasted
with what *could* happen (an what may be likely).

>>Which Christians designed the motto?  Does the motto say anything about
>>Jesus?  Why do you think that it refers *only* to Christians?
>Christians wrote it; christians think that their religion is right, and
>all others are wrong; therefore, why would they 'include' other religions
>in the realm of being correct? I doubt that any other religions were meant
>to be included.

Well, I am not clear on the religious convictions of Francis Scott Key (the
motto can be attributed to him), but it is at least clear that he believed
in a god.  And, surely there are a few Christians that think as you say,
but I don't think that most do.  Do you think that all Christians actively
despise other religions?  Most that I have met haven't and don't do so.

>>>No christian
>>>that I have queried thinks it means anything but them, and only them.
>>Why not ask some people of other faiths?
>Sorry, I would, but christianity is just so awfully popular around here.
>Suppose you could ask a few people?

Well, I have asked a Hindu, Moselem, and a few Jews, and all of them think
that it is applicable to them.  Of course, I can't say that these people
(just some that I know pretty well) are accurate representations of their
faiths.

>>It is always a good idea to assume that there were dissenting views on any
>>given issue.  You are assuming that all the views were the same, and nothing
>>leads to this conclusion.
>Without evidence to the contrary, I doubt that there were dissenting
>opinions. You claim there were. Provide some evidence for your assertion.

Well, I'd really like to, and I've tried, but I really don't know where to
get access to _Congressional Records_ from the 1950's.  Can anyone help
out here?

>Comparing christians to Nazis? Interesting.

Only in the sense that neither can probably convinced to change their beliefs.

>>>>No, again, the motto on the money doesn't cost you anything extra.  However,
>>>>if you abolished the motto, we'd all have to pay to have all the dies and
>>>>plates redone.
>>>Like people paid before to get them changed to have the motto on them.
>>You now need to show that there is a good reason to change everything again.

>... Also, I doubt that they use th3
>same plates for more than a year's printing; this would make it easy
>to remove the motto (simply make next year's plates without it). Your
>claim, evidently, is that they will have to pay extra somewhere.
>Provide some evidence for this assertion.

So, are you saying that they redesign the plates each year?

Anyway, your whole argument (conveniently deleted I see) was that the motto
somehow costs us all a lot of money.  This is just not correct.

>>The ones I read didn't mention anything about Jesus.  I think the issue was
>>concerning the distinction between religion and not.
>How could it be between religious and not religious? The motto
>refers to god; it is a religious motto. The question is whether or
>not it is only christian. You say it is more. I doubt this. Provide
>some evidence for this assertion.

That is to say, the religion of this country, and the non-religion of
the USSR.  That was what most of those quotes were about, and some included
all atheists, in general, as well.  I don't think that any of the quotes
(although I seem to have lost them) mentioned anything at all about Jesus.
They advocated religion over non-religion.  A specific religion was not
mentioned.

>>You have missed this point.  I said that the motto didn't say anything
>>about anyone in particular.  That is, the motto doesn't imply anything
>>about *your* particular beliefs.  It doesn't say that everyone trusts
>>in some form of god, only that the nation on the whole does.
>We have been through this before. It's obvious it does not include me;
>this much is beyond doubt. Your claim, again, is that the motto refers
>to more than christians. Based on the facts that christianity says all
>other religions are wrong, and because it seems that the motto was
>written by christians, I doubt your claim.

So, you are saying that all Christians must believe that all other religions
should be outlawed, just because they think they are wrong?  That's silly.
I think the Flat-Earthers are wrong, but I don't advocate their banishment.

>[...]  Based on this idea I doubt that any additional expense would
>even be incurred by removing the motto. Provide some evidence for your
>claim that it would.

I think that any such cost would be insignificant.  I mentioned the slight
cost because you said that the motto was costing us a lot of money by
being on our currency.

>Disregarding the digression of the other motto...If it is used for
>harassment, and no other purpose has been found for it, why should
>it not be removed?

Well, mottos in general don't really have purposes...  I don't think it
should be removed because I think the benefit would be outweighed by the
consequences.

>>And do you know what the vote was?  Were there other opinions?  Do you
>>think that the main reason the motto was required by law was to bother
>>atheists?  Do you think that this is what the majority of congress at
>>the time had in mind?  If you do, then show why.
>Again, it is the opinion of the people who put it there that I am
>concerned with.

Then you should be concerned with the opinion of the entire congress.

>Again, it is not necessary that the complete majority
>shared the purpose of confronting 'godless Communism' with this motto.

Why not?  It is the majority that put it there.

>>The general public probably does not know about the anti-atheist intent
>>of a few people in the 50's either.
>I daresay more people remember the 50's than the time when Key wrote
>the anthem.

But do they remember the debate surrounding the motto?  Do they remember
that some people intended it to be a message against atheists?  Why don't
you include this in your little survey that you were conducting?

[...]
>You claim here that scientists would believe someone's claims. I doubt
>this. Provide evidence for your assertion.

What?  Should I ask some scientists the probability that something Einstein
said about relativity is worthy?  I mean, if Einstein said it, there's a
good chance that it was right (at least at the time).

>As for the courts, the
>method scientists use can be applied. I need not agree with the court
>by default because of a 'good record.'

You need not agree with them all of the time, but you would certainly think
that their decisions would be good evidence in favor of some point.

>>What?  But you said you didn't agree with the court because they "allowed
>>Congress to attempt to make an amendment prohibiting flag burning."  If
>>you don't realize that something like this is external to the realm of
>>the court's power, then how can I be confident that you know *anything*
>>about the court's powers?  I mean, if you don't know how the court works,
>>how can you participate in a discussion of the court?
>A judge can go to speak before Congress. And still you ignore the
>abortion gag rule, as you make your claims on abortion.

No, I think that it would be clearly inappropriate for a Supreme Court
Justice to testify before Congress during the consideration of a
Constitutional Amendment.

And, in order for the Court to rule on something, a case usually must be
presented.

>>Mushrooms, flowers, trees, buildings, signs, whatever...  the analogy is
>>the same.  Just because something that I might find offensive is present
>>doesn't mean that my rights are being violated.
>We are talking about something put there by people, Keith...not
>a mushroom. No one caused that mushroom to exist, unless you're
>finding things offensive in a mushroom farm.

Yes, some mushrooms can be planted.  And, I don't appreciate mushrooms on
my pizza, either.

>This is not the case
>with the motto. And you're ignoring the harassment which is the
>only known result of the motto, and you're ignoring that somewhere
>along the line people were forced to put the motto there.

Who was forced to put the motto there?  What do you mean?

keith

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

suopanki@stekt.oulu.fi writes:
> On 5 Apr 93 11:24:30 MST, jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com said:
> :> God is eternal.    [A = B]
> :> Jesus is God.      [C = A]
> :> Therefore, Jesus is eternal.  [C = B]
> 
> :> This works both logically and mathematically.  God is of the set of
> :> things which are eternal.  Jesus is a subset of God.   Therefore
> :> Jesus belongs to the set of things which are eternal.
> 
> Everything isn't always so logical....
> 
> Mercedes is a car.
> That girl is Mercedes.
> Therefore, that girl is a car?

Unfortunately your phrasing is ambiguous.  Re-writing more carefully, we have
(at least) two possibilities.  The first:

Things called "Mercedes" are cars
That girl is called "Mercedes"
Therefore that girl is a car

That is entirely valid as a piece of logical deduction.  It is not sound,
because the first statement is false.  Similarly, I would hold that Jim's
example is valid but not sound.

Another possible interpretation of what you wrote is:

There exists at least one car called "Mercedes"
That girl is called "Mercedes"
Therefore that girl is a car

-- which isn't valid.


mathew

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>>>Perhaps we shouldn't imprision people if we could watch them closely
>>>instead.  The cost would probably be similar, especially if we just
>>>implanted some sort of electronic device.
>>Why wait until they commit the crime?  Why not implant such devices in
>>potential criminals like Communists and atheists?
> 
> Sorry, I don't follow your reasoning.  You are proposing to punish people
> *before* they commit a crime?  What justification do you have for this?

Look up "irony", Keith.


mathew

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>>As for rape, surely there the burden of guilt is solely on the rapist?
> 
> Not so.  If you are thrown into a cage with a tiger and get mauled, do you
> blame the tiger?

As far as I know, tigers are not sentient.  If I were pushed into a pool with
some dolphins and they attacked me, I might be inclined to blame the dolphins
rather than the person doing the pushing, as (a) dolphins are not usually
aggressive and (b) they seem to have well-developed brains and a capacity for
abstract thought.

As a matter of fact, tigers rarely attack humans unless the human provokes
them.  Of course, if they are in a cage which is far too small, that might
count as provocation...


mathew

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
> ( I am almost sure that Zyklon-B is immediate and painless method of 
> death. If not, insert soem other form. )
> 
>         And, ethnic and minority groups have been killed, mutilated and 
> exterminated through out history, so I guess it was not unusual.
> 
>         So, you would agree that the holocost would be allowed under the US 
> Constitution?  [ in so far, the punishment. I doubt they recieved what would 
> be considered a "fair" trial by US standards.

Don't be so sure.  Look what happened to Japanese citizens in the US during
World War II.  If you're prepared to say "Let's round these people up and
stick them in a concentration camp without trial", it's only a short step to
gassing them without trial.  After all, it seems that the Nazis originally
only intended to imprison the Jews; the Final Solution was dreamt up partly
because they couldn't afford to run the camps because of the devastation
caused by Goering's Total War.  Those who weren't gassed generally died of
malnutrition or disease.


mathew

From: Tony Lezard <tony@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: atheist?

I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:

> In article <ii1i2B1w165w@mantis.co.uk>
> Tony Lezard <tony@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>  
> (Deletion)
> >
> >My opinion is that the strong atheist position requires too much
> >belief for me to be comfortable with. Any strong atheists out there
> >care to comment? 
>[...]
> Humans just come up with the idea of a spiritual parent. It is one
> of the artifacts of human thought. The evidence for that is quite
> overwhelming. And the information content of the conceived is vanishing.
>  
> In other words, if there were gods, they would hardly make sense, and
> it is possible to explain the phenomenon of religion without gods.
>  
> The concept is useless, and I don't have to introduce new assumptions
> in order to show that.
>  
> No leap of faith required for me. Your mileage may vary.

Yes I fully agree with that, but is it "I don't believe gods exist", or
"I believe no gods exist"? As MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
pointed out, it all hinges on what you take the word "believe" to mean.

Unfortunately this is bound up in the definitions of strong and weak
atheism, at least according to the FAQ:

# Atheism is characterized by an absence of belief in the existence of God.
# Some atheists go further, and believe that God does not exist.  The former is
# often referred to as the "weak atheist" position, and the latter as "strong
# atheism".
# 
# It is important to note the difference between these two positions.  "Weak
# atheism" is simple scepticism; disbelief in the existence of God.  "Strong
# atheism" is a positive belief that God does not exist.  Please do not
# fall into the trap of assuming that all atheists are "strong atheists".

(From mathew's "An Introduction to Atheism" version 1.2 last modified 5-Apr-93)

Should the FAQ be clarified to try to pin down this notion of "belief"?
Can it?

-- 
Tony Lezard IS tony@mantis.co.uk OR tony%mantis.co.uk@uknet.ac.uk OR things
like tony%uk.co.mantis@uk.ac.nsfnet-relay OR (last resort) arl10@phx.cam.ac.uk
PGP 2.2 public key available on request.


From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
> I think you mean circular, not recursive, but that is semantics.
> Recursiveness has no problems, it is just horribly inefficient (just ask
> any assembly programmer.)

Tail-recursive functions in Scheme are at least as efficient as iterative
loops.  Anyone who doesn't program in assembler will have heard of optimizing
compilers.


mathew

From: MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In <114127@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu writes:

[deletia]

> I don't understand the point of this petty sarcasm. It is a basic 
> principle of Islam that if one is born muslim or one says "I testify
> that there is no god but God and Mohammad is a prophet of God" that,
> so long as one does not explicitly reject Islam by word then one _must_
> be considered muslim by all muslims. So the phenomenon you're attempting
> to make into a general rule or psychology is a direct odds with basic
> Islamic principles. If you want to attack Islam you could do better than
> than to argue against something that Islam explicitly contradicts.

      In the deletions somewhere, it mentioned something about chopping
off of hands being a punishment for theft in Saudi Arabia. Assuming this
is so (I wouldn't know), and assuming it is done by people fitting your
requirement for "muslim" (which I find highly likely), then would you
please try to convince Bobby Mozumder that muslims chop people's hands
off?

      Come back when you've succeeded.

-- 
  Disclaimer?   "It's great to be young and insane!"

From: lucio@proxima.alt.za (Lucio de Re)
Subject: A fundamental contradiction (was: A visit from JWs)

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:

>"Will" is "self-determination".  In other words, God created conscious
>beings who have the ability to choose between moral choices independently
>of God.  All "will", therefore, is "free will".

The above is probably not the most representative paragraph, but I
thought I'd hop on, anyway...

What strikes me as self-contradicting in the fable of Lucifer's
fall - which, by the way, I seem to recall to be more speculation
than based on biblical text, but my ex RCism may be showing - is
that, as Benedikt pointed out, Lucifer had perfect nature, yet he
had the free will to "choose" evil.  But where did that choice come
from?

We know from Genesis that Eve was offered an opportunity to sin by a
tempter which many assume was Satan, but how did Lucifer discover,
invent, create, call the action what you will, something that God
had not given origin to?

Also, where in the Bible is there mention of Lucifer's free will?
We make a big fuss about mankind having free will, but it strikes me
as being an after-the-fact rationalisation, and in fact, like
salvation, not one that all Christians believe in identically.

At least in my mind, salvation and free will are very tightly
coupled, but then my theology was Roman Catholic...

Still, how do theologian explain Lucifer's fall?  If Lucifer had
perfect nature (did man?) how could he fall?  How could he execute an
act that (a) contradicted his nature and (b) in effect cause evil to
exist for the first time?
-- 
Lucio de Re (lucio@proxima.Alt.ZA) - tab stops at four.

From: lucio@proxima.alt.za (Lucio de Re)
Subject: Re: atheist?

Tony Lezard <tony@mantis.co.uk> writes:

>My opinion is that the strong atheist position requires too much
>belief for me to be comfortable with. Any strong atheists out there
>care to comment? As far as I can tell, strong atheists are far
>outnumbered on alt.atheism by weak atheists.

At the cost of repudiating the FAQ, I think too much is made of the
strong vs weak atheism issue, although in the context of alt.atheism,
where we're continually attacked on the basis that strong atheists
"believe" in the non-existence of god, I think the separation is a
valid one.

To cover my arse, what I'm trying to say is that there is an
infinitely grey area between weak and strong, as well as between
strong and the unattainable mathematical atheism (I wish!).  Whereas I
_logically_ can only support the weak atheist position, in effect I am
a strong atheist (and wish I could be a mathematical one).  To
justify my strong atheist position I believe I need only show that
the evidence presented in favour of any of the gods under scrutiny
is faulty.

If I read the FAQ correctly, no argument for the existence of god
(generic, as represented by mainstream theologians) has ever been
found to be unassailable.  To me this is adequate evidence that the
_real_god_ is undefinable (or at least no definition has yet been
found to be watertight), which in turn I accept as sufficient to
base a disbelief in each and every conceivable god.

I'm a little fuzzy on the edges, though, so opinions are welcome
(but perhaps we should change the thread subject).
-- 
Lucio de Re (lucio@proxima.Alt.ZA) - tab stops at four.

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
> Why would the Rushdie case be particularly legitimate? As I've said
> elsewhere on this issue, Rushdie's actions had effects in Islamic
> countries so that it is not so simple to say that he didn't commit
> a crime in an Islamic country.

Actually, it is simple.

A person P has committed a crime C in country X if P was within the borders
of X at the time when C was committed.  It doesn't matter if the physical
manifestation of C is outside X.

For instance, if I hack into NASA's Ames Research Lab and delete all their
files, I have committed a crime in the United Kingdom.  If the US authorities
wish to prosecute me under US law rather than UK law, they have no automatic
right to do so.

This is why the net authorities in the US tried to put pressure on some sites
in Holland.  Holland had no anti-cracking legislation, and so it was viewed
as a "hacker haven" by some US system administrators.

Similarly, a company called Red Hot Television is broadcasting pornographic
material which can be received in Britain.  If they were broadcasting in
Britain, they would be committing a crime.  But they are not, they are
broadcasting from Denmark, so the British Government is powerless to do
anything about it, in spite of the apparent law-breaking.

Of course, I'm not a lawyer, so I could be wrong.  More confusingly, I could
be right in some countries but not in others...


mathew

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <114140@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
>>>>> In cases of prostitution
>>>>>both the man and the prostitute would be punished in public, quite
>>>>>severely.
 
(Deletion)
 
>
>>No Gregg, you cannot say A is lenient and A punishes severely in public.
>>Unless, of course, it is one of the exceptions implied by "almost all
>>matters".
>
>That depends on the statistics and who is punished in public. If some
>power (for example, nothing Islamic about it) allows men to rape women
>five times before blowing the rapist's head off in public then I'd call
>that leniency, wouldn't you?
>
 
You have given that example. It is not lenient. End of argument.
 
And chopping off the hands or heads of people is not lenient either. It
rather appears that you are internalized the claims about the legal system
without checking if they suit the description.
 
And wasn't the argument that it takes five men to rape a woman according
to Islamic law?
 
 
>>While I don't approve of it, I think both the prostitute and the customer
>>have the right to do what they do. In other words, punishing them is a
>>violation of their rights. And to punish them severely in public is just
>>another pointer to the hysteria connected with sexuality in so many
>>religions.
>
>Believe what you like.
>
 
No, I even believe what I don't like. Can you give better answers than that?
Have you got any evidence for your probably opposite claims?
 
 
>>In this case, I don't see why I should accept the complex ridden views
>>of an oriental goatherd.
>
>Ah, yes, I forget that the West is historically so much without sexual
>neurosis :)
>
>"Oriental goatherd", _really_ intellectual.
>
 
A fact, if memory serves. And most will see the connection between the
primitive machism in the Orient and in Islam.
 
>>If people agree on having sex it is fine. And I would assume that a
>>god would have a clue of what the detrimental effects of supressing it
>>are.
>
>Huh? Ever heard of AIDs? (Of course you'll probably go on to say that
>God must be evil because he allows the disease to exist, bla bla).
>
 
As usually you miss the point. Aids is  neither spread only through sex
nor necessarily spread by having sex. Futher, the point is, a very important
point, the urge for sex is stronger than the fear of AIDS. It is even
stronger than the religious attempts to channel or to forbid sex. The
consequences of suppressing sex are worse than the consequences of Aids.
Please note that the idea that everybody would end up with AIDS when sex
is not controlled is completely counterfactual.
 
 
And since you have brought up the point, is your god evil or not?
   Benedikt

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Biblical Rape

In article <1993Apr05.174537.14962@watson.ibm.com>
strom@Watson.Ibm.Com (Rob Strom) writes:
 
>
>In article <16BA7F16C.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de>, I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>
>I didn't have time to read the rest of the posting, but
>I had to respond to this.
>
>I am absolutely NOT a "Messianic Jew".
>
 
Another mistake. Sorry, I should have read alt.,messianic more carefully.
   Benedikt

From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <1993Apr3.221101.25314@midway.uchicago.edu> shou@midway.uchicago.edu writes:
>In article <1pi0dhINN8ub@dsi.dsinc.com> perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:
>>Bigots never concede that their bigotry is irrational; it
>>is other people who determine that by examining their arguments.
>[...]
>No!  I  expected it! You've set yourself up a wonderful little
>world where a bigot is whomever you say it is.  This is very 
>comfortable for you--imagine, never having to entertain an
>argument against your belief system.  Simply accuse the person
>making of being a bigot.  

Well, this particular thread of vituperation slopped its venom over
into alt.atheism, where we spend most of our time entertaining
arguments against our belief system, without resorting to accusing
others of bigotry.  It's somewhat ironic that our exposure to bigotry
happens in this instance to have originated in rec.scouting, since I
always understood scouting to teach tolerance and diversity.  I
understand bigotry to be irrational prejudice against other people who
happen to be of a different race, religion, ethnic background, sex, or
other inconsequential characteristics.  All the evidence I've seen
indicates that sexual orientation and lack of belief in gods are
exactly such inconsequential characteristics.  Thus, pending further
evidence, I conclude that those who show prejudice against such people
are bigots, and organizations that exclude such people are
discriminatory.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution

In article <1pq47tINN8lp@senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU>
bobs@thnext.mit.edu (Robert Singleton) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>
>I will argue that your latter statement, "I believe that no gods exist"
>does rest upon faith - that is, if you are making a POSITIVE statement
>that "no gods exist" (strong atheism) rather than merely saying I don't
>know and therefore don't believe in them and don't NOT believe in then
>(weak atheism). Once again, to not believe in God is different than saying
>I BELIEVE that God does not exist. I still maintain the position, even
>after reading the FAQs, that strong atheism requires faith.
>
 
No it in the way it is usually used. In my view, you are saying here that
driving a car requires faith that the car drives.
 
For me it is a conclusion, and I have no more faith in it than I have in the
premises and the argument used.
 
 
>But first let me say the following.
>We might have a language problem here - in regards to "faith" and
>"existence". I, as a Christian, maintain that God does not exist.
>To exist means to have being in space and time. God does not HAVE
>being - God IS Being. Kierkegaard once said that God does not
>exist, He is eternal. With this said, I feel it's rather pointless
>to debate the so called "existence" of God - and that is not what
>I'm doing here. I believe that God is the source and ground of
>being. When you say that "god does not exist", I also accept this
>statement - but we obviously mean two different things by it. However,
>in what follows I will use the phrase "the existence of God" in it's
>'usual sense' - and this is the sense that I think you are using it.
>I would like a clarification upon what you mean by "the existence of
>God".
>
 
No, that's a word game. The term god is used in a different way usually.
When you use a different definition it is your thing, but until it is
commonly accepted you would have to say the way I define god is ... and
that does not exist, it is existence itself, so I say it does not exist.
 
Interestingly, there are those who say that "existence exists" is one of
the indubitable statements possible.
 
Further, saying god is existence is either a waste of time, existence is
already used and there is no need to replace it by god, or you are implying
more with it, in which case your definition and your argument so far
are incomplete, making it a fallacy.
 
 
(Deletion)
>One can never prove that God does or does not exist. When you say
>that you believe God does not exist, and that this is an opinion
>"based upon observation", I will have to ask "what observtions are
>you refering to?" There are NO observations - pro or con - that
>are valid here in establishing a POSITIVE belief.
(Deletion)
 
Where does that follow? Aren't observations based on the assumption
that something exists?
 
And wouldn't you say there is a level of definition that the assumption
"god is" is meaningful. If not, I would reject that concept anyway.
 
So, where is your evidence for that "god is" is meaningful at some level?
   Benedikt

From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Is Morality Constant (was Re: Biblical Rape)

This (frayed) thread has turned into a patented alt.atheism 5-on-1
ping-pong game, and I don't have any strong disagreement, so I'll try
to stick to the one thing I don't quite follow about the argument:

It seems to me that there is a contradiction in arguing that the Bible
was "enlightened for its times" (i.e. closer to what we would consider
morally good based on our standards and past experience) on the one
hand [I hope this summarizes this argument adequately], and on the
other hand:

In article <1993Apr03.001125.23294@watson.ibm.com> strom@Watson.Ibm.Com (Rob Strom) writes:
}In article <1phpe1INN8g6@dsi.dsinc.com>, perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:

}|> }Disclaimer:  I'm speaking from the Jewish perspective,
}|> }where "the Bible" means what many call the Old Testament,
}|> }and where the interpretation is not necessarily the
}|> }raw text, but instead the court cases, commentaries
}|> }and traditions passed down through Jewish communities.
}|> 
}|> This seems the crux to me: if you judge the Bible according to a long
}|> line of traditions and interpretations coming down to the current day,
}|> rather than on its own merits as a cultural artifact, then of course
}|> it will correspond more closely with more contemporary values.
}
}But if that's how the Bible is actually being used today,
}shouldn't that be how we should judge it?  If most people
}use scissors to cut paper, shouldn't Consumer's Reports
}test scissors for paper-cutting ability, even though
}scissors may have been designed originally to cut cloth?

That's possibly a good way to judge the use of the Bible in teaching
Jewish morality today, but it hardly seems fair to claim that this
highly-interpreted version is what was "enlightened for its times".
To (attempt to) extend the analogy, this is like saying that the
original scissor-makers were unusually advanced at paper-cutting for
their times, even though they only ever cut cloth, and had never even
heard of paper.

I'm not arguing that the Bible is "disgusting", though some of the
history depicted in it is, by modern standards.  However, history is
full of similar abuses, and I don't think the Biblical accounts are
worse than their contemporaries--or possibly ours.  On the other hand,
I don't know of any reason to think the history described in the Bible
shows *less* abuse than their contemporaries, or ours.  That complex
and benign moral traditions have evolved based on particular mythic
interpretations of that history is interesting, but I still don't
think it fair to take that long tradition of interpretation and use it
to attack condemnation of the original history.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:

>>>As for rape, surely there the burden of guilt is solely on the rapist?
>>Unless you force someone to live with the rapist against his will, in which
>>case part of the responsibility is yours.
>I'm sorry, but I can't accept that.  Unless the rapist was hypnotized or
>something, I view him as solely responsible for his actions.

Not necessarily, especially if the rapist is known as such.  For instance,
if you intentionally stick your finger into a loaded mousetrap and get
snapped, whose fault is it?

keith

From: simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

In article <1993Apr5.023044.19580@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

> One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that say "Mom",
> because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more virile men.
> Compare that with how homos are raised.  Do a study and you will get my
> point.

Oh, Bobby. You're priceless. Did I ever tell you that?

My policy with Bobby's posts, should anyone give a damn, is to flick
through the thread at high speed, searching for posts of Bobby's which
have generated a whole pile of followups, then go in and extract the
hilarious quote inevitably present for .sig purposes. Works for me.

For the guy who said he's just arrived, and asked whether Bobby's for real,
you betcha. Welcome to alt.atheism, and rest assured that it gets worse.
I have a few pearls of wisdom from Bobby which I reproduce below. Is anyone
(Keith?) keeping a big file of such stuff?

     "In Allah's infinite wisdom, the universe was created from nothing,
        just by saying "Be", and it became. Therefore Allah exists."
           --- Bobby Mozumder proving the existence of Allah, #1

     "Wait. You just said that humans are rarely reasonable. Doesn't that
      contradict atheism, where everything is explained through logic and
      reason? This is THE contradiction in atheism that proves it false."
           --- Bobby Mozumder proving the existence of Allah, #2

              "Plus, to the believer, it would be contradictory
                    to the Quran for Allah not to exist."
           --- Bobby Mozumder proving the existence of Allah, #3

and now

   "One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that say "Mom",
    because of the love of their mom. It makes for more virile men. Compare
    that with how homos are raised.  Do a study and you will get my point."
         -- Bobby Mozumder being Islamically Rigorous on alt.atheism

Mmmmm. Quality *and* quantity from the New Voice of Islam (pbuh).

Cheers

Simon
-- 
Simon Clippingdale                simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk
Department of Computer Science    Tel (+44) 203 523296
University of Warwick             FAX (+44) 203 525714
Coventry CV4 7AL, U.K.

From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <1993Apr6.041343.24997@cbnewsl.cb.att.com> stank@cbnewsl.cb.att.com (Stan Krieger) writes:

>The point has been raised and has been answered.  Roger and I have
>clearly stated our support of the BSA position on the issue;
>specifically, that homosexual behavior constitutes a violation of
>the Scout Oath (specifically, the promise to live "morally straight").

	Please define "morally straight". 

	
	
	And, don't even try saying that "straight", as it is used here, 
implies only hetersexual behavior. [ eg: "straight" as in the slang word 
opposite to "gay" ]


	This is alot like "family values". Everyone is talking about them, 
but misteriously, no one knows what they are.
---

        "One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that 
        say "Mom", because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more 
        virile men."

        Bobby Mozumder  ( snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu )
        April 4, 1993

        The one TRUE Muslim left in the world. 

From: twpierce@unix.amherst.edu (Tim Pierce)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <1993Apr6.041343.24997@cbnewsl.cb.att.com> stank@cbnewsl.cb.att.com (Stan Krieger) writes:

>Roger and I have
>clearly stated our support of the BSA position on the issue;
>specifically, that homosexual behavior constitutes a violation of
>the Scout Oath (specifically, the promise to live "morally straight").
>
>There is really nothing else to discuss.

Apparently not.

In response to his claim that it "terrifies" gay people not to be able
to "indoctrinate children to our lifestyle" (or words to that effect),
I sent Roger a very calm, carefully-written, detailed letter
explaining simply why the BSA policy does, indeed terrify me.  I did
not use inflammatory language and left myself extremely open for an
answer.  Thus far, I have not received an answer.  I can conclude only
that Roger considers his position either indefensible or simply not
worth defending.

>Trying to cloud the issue
>with comparisons to Blacks or other minorities is also meaningless
>because it's like comparing apples to oranges (i.e., people can't
>control their race but they can control their behavior).

In fact, that's exactly the point: people can control their behavior.
Because of that fact, there is no need for a blanket ban on
homosexuals.

>What else is there to possibly discuss on rec.scouting on this issue?

You tell me.

-- 
____ Tim Pierce                /  ?Usted es la de la tele, eh?  !La madre
\  / twpierce@unix.amherst.edu /  del asesino!  !Ay, que graciosa!
 \/ (BITnet: TWPIERCE@AMHERST) /    -- Pedro Almodovar

Subject: Re: Biblical Rape
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)

In article <1993Apr04.225107.39364@watson.ibm.com>
strom@Watson.Ibm.Com (Rob Strom) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>
>The thread "Biblical Rape" was initiated by David O Hunt.
>Here is his posting:
>In article <8feu_KO00XsF0kpc5p@andrew.cmu.edu>, David O Hunt <bluelobster+@CMU.EDU> writes:
>|> I'm pretty sure I've seen biblical rules for when it's allowable to rape
>|> prisoners, what the codes are about that, etc.  Could some more
>|> knowledgable soul than I please let me know some references?
>
>He asked a very narrow question, and I gave a very narrow answer.
>
 
Yes, sorry. I have got that wrong. My apology.
 
 
(Deletion)
 
>No. David Hunt's post didn't mention a god, nor did my response.
>You were the first to bring up the idea of the Bible being "given
>by god".  Most Jews don't believe this in any literal sense.
>
 
So? No fun, but I must have met the minority then.
And "given by god" refers to any action whereby a god
god causes or better effects something.
 
 
Rob, I am not intimate with Jewish theology, but I understand
that you are a Messianic Jew. Correct me if I am wrong, but
it appears that the views of Messianic Jews on metaphysics
is different to that of the majority of Jews. While Jewish
theology overall is quite distinct from the Christianic god
views, I have heard that it is possible for Jews to attribute
evil to their god, an no-no for Christians, the Bible is
still seen as effect of the interaction of some god with man.
 
 
(Deletion)
>No.  I thought we agreed that though Jews disagree,
>there are a set of core beliefs that they do agree upon,
>one of which is that the commandments are accessible
>and written in the language of the time, and another
>of which is that there must be a legal system to update them.
>
 
The context was metaphysics, even when the process of adapting
the commandments is not transcendent, the justification of the
process lie in metaphysic specualtion. I wonder how you break
out of the shackles of having metaphysics in your system.
 
 
(Deletion)
>Could you explain this with respect to the original commandments
>being discussed --- that is, the commandment that says if
>you feel like raping a woman prisoner, you should instead
>wait and marry her?  What about "the way this commandment
>is given" invalidates it?
>
 
Is is in a book that commands to commit genocide among other
reprehensible deeds. The context is repulsive, and it is
foul play, IMO, to invoke some relatively enlightened passages
as an example for the content of the whole book.
 
 
(Big deletion)
>|>
>|> The point is that I see that there is a necessary connection
>|> between the theology you use and the interpretation of the Bible.
>|>
>
>Only very loosely.  My interpretation of the Bible is
>based on a long tradition of Jewish scholars interpreting
>the Bible.  Theology doesn't really enter into it ---
>there are Jewish atheists who interpret the laws of
>charity essentially the same way I do.
>
 
No, not the interpretation of some laws, but the interpretation of
the bible. As in the example that Sodom and Gomorrha mean argue
with god. The whole idea that it is metaphorically and yet allows
you to argue with a god (whatever that means, that alone is a theo-
logic question) is proof of a theology used.
 
 
>|> >You pose another metaphysical riddle!
>|>
>|> No, you do.
>|>
>
>Well, you wrote this:
>|> Fine. So we have some major spirit with neither absolute power
>|> nor absolute knowledge. And, as it appears, limited means or will
>|> to communicate with us. Some form of spiritual big friend.
>|> Do you admit that using god in this context is somewhat unusual?
>|>
>|> Am I right in the assumption that it cannot have created the
>|> universe as well? And that the passages in the Bible referring
>|> to that or its omnipotence are crap?
>
>That's what I meant by the "riddle".
>
 
It is an important question in the light of what for instance the
passage witrh Sodom and Gomorrha means. Either there is some connection
between the text, the fact that it exists, and your interpretation of
it, or it is purely arbitrary.. Further, the question is why is has
one to carry the burden of Biblical texts when one could simply write
other books that convey the message better. You might answer that one
can't becuase  some peculiar Biblical information might be lost, but
that holds true of every other book, and the question remains why has
the Bible still a special place? Can't it be replaced somehow? Is it
ok to bargain the dangerous content of the Bible against some other
message that is included as well?
 
 
(Deletion)
>|> Do you see the danger in doing so? Especially with the metaphers used
>|> in the Bible?
>
>I think the danger of doing so is less than either the
>danger of having a frozen system of laws, or having no laws.
>
 
Sorry, but there are worse systems does not say anything about if
one could not have a better system.
 
(Deletion)
>If we
>read two stories about the importance of helping the poor,
>and in one God is a spirit, and in the other God has a body,
>which is more important, helping the poor, or resolving
>the contradiction about the corporeal nature of God?
>
 
If we read two stories in the Bible, one that god commands people
to kill children for being idolaters and another where god kills
children directly, what is more important to resolve, the message that
children are to be killed or if it has  to be done by god?
 
 
And the argument you have given is a fallacy, while it may not be important
in the context you have given to find out if god is corporeal or not, it
can be crucial in other questions. Religious believers resolve contradictions
with that they choose one of the possibilities given in an arbitrary way,
and have the advantage of being able to attribute their decision to some
god.
 
One cannot resolve questions by the statement do what is good when what
is good depends on the question.
   Benedikt

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: atheist?

In article <ePVk2B3w165w@mantis.co.uk>
Tony Lezard <tony@mantis.co.uk> writes:
 
(Deletion)
>> In other words, if there were gods, they would hardly make sense, and
>> it is possible to explain the phenomenon of religion without gods.
>>
>> The concept is useless, and I don't have to introduce new assumptions
>> in order to show that.
>
>Yes I fully agree with that, but is it "I don't believe gods exist", or
>"I believe no gods exist"? As MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
>pointed out, it all hinges on what you take the word "believe" to mean.
>
 
For me, it is a "I believe no gods exist" and a "I don't believe gods exist".
 
In other words, I think that statements like gods are or somehow interfere
with this world are false or meaningless. In Ontology, one can fairly
conclude that when "A exist" is meaningless A does not exist. Under the
Pragmatic definition of truth, "A exists" is meaningless makes A exist
even logically false.
 
A problem with such statements is that one can't disprove a subjective god
by definition, and there might be cases where a subjective god would even
make sense. The trouble with most god definitions is that they include
some form of objective existence with the consequence of the gods affecting
all. Believers derive from it a right to interfere with the life of others.
 
 
(Deletion)
>
>Should the FAQ be clarified to try to pin down this notion of "belief"?
>Can it?
>
 
Honestly, I don't see the problem.
   Benedikt

From: a137490@lehtori.cc.tut.fi (Aario Sami)
Subject: Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: Rationality (was: Islamic marriage)?

In <1993Mar31.013034.27070@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

>My case is that everything wrong in the world will end if people start
>believing in Islam.  And that horrors to mankind are all caused by the
>lack of belief- Atheism.

For the last time, Bobby. Lack of belief in YOUR god does NOT imply
atheism. Just because some moslems aren't moral does not mean they don't
believe in a god named Allah, although their Allah may not do the things
your Allah does. If a moslem says he/she believes that a god exists, he/she
is a theist (though maybe not a TRUE follower of islam).

>30,000 murder victims a year caused by atheism. Poverty. Massive hate crimes.
>Such low respect for the human body.  Distrust among people.  Everything
>wrong, all caused by atheism.

>Peace,

Jerk.

>Bobby Mozumder
-- 
Sami Aario         |  "Can you see or measure an atom? Yet you can explode
a137490@cc.tut.fi  |   one. Sunlight is comprised of many atoms."
-------------------'  "Your stupid minds! Stupid, stupid!"
Eros in "Plan 9 From Outer Space"     DISCLAIMER: I don't agree with Eros.

From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Motto Mania

mathew writes:

>I prefer Mark-Jason Dominus's suggestion that the motto should be changed to
>"Mind your own fucking business".

In this era of AIDS, isn't someone's fucking *everyone's* interest?  (semi
:-))

I propose "We have no motto."

Recently in the glorious state of Maryland (the only state whose state song
refers to Abraham Lincoln as a tyrant), people have gotten all wound up over
the state motto (which we inherited from the Calverts):

    "Fatti Maschii, Parole Femine"

which, if you read Italian, says,

    "Manly deeds, womanly words"

or something to that effect.  In the state which not so long ago had four
women out of seven representatives, this represents a problem.  The official
solution was to change the translation, so now it means:

    "Strong deeds, gentle words"

My personal suggestion was changing it to "walk softly and carry a big
stick."
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses (good grief!)

The amount of energy being spent on ONE LOUSY SYLLOGISM says volumes for the
true position of reason in this group.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Benediktine Metaphysics

Benedikt Rosenau writes, with great authority:

>     IF IT IS CONTRADICTORY IT CANNOT EXIST.

"Contradictory" is a property of language.  If I correct this to


      THINGS DEFINED BY CONTRADICTORY LANGUAGE DO NOT EXIST

I will object to definitions as reality.  If you then amend it to

      THINGS DESCRIBED BY CONTRADICTORY LANGUAGE DO NOT EXIST

then we've come to something which is plainly false.  Failures in
description are merely failures in description.

(I'm not an objectivist, remember.)


-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

>So then, you require the same amount of evidence to believe that I 
>a) own a pair of bluejeans and b) have superhuman powers?

Well, I could use the argument that some here use about "nature" and claim
that you cannot have superhuman powers because you are a human; superhuman
powers are beyond what a human has, and since you are a human, any powers
you have are not beyond those of a human.  Hence, you cannot have superhuman
powers.  Sound good to you?

Anyway, to the evidence question: it depends on the context.  In this group,
since you are posting from a american college site, I'm willing to take it
as given that you have a pair of blue jeans.  And, assuming there is some
coherency in your position, I will take it as a given that you do not have
superhuman powers.  Arguments are evidence in themselves, in some respects.

>When you say the "existence of [ sic ] Jesus", I assume that you 
>mean just the man, without any special powers, etc.

Yep.

>Many will agree that it is very possible that a man called Jesus DID 
>in fact live. In fact, I am willing to agree that there was some man named 
>Jesus. I have no reason to believe that there wasn't ever a man.

Good.

>However, most of the claims ARE extradinary: eg virgin birth 
>[ virgin in the sense of not having any sexual intercourse ], resurection, 
>Son of God, etc. THOSE claims require extra evidence.

"Extra" evidence?  Why don't we start with evidence at all?

I cannot see any evidence for the V. B. which the cynics in this group would
ever accept.  As for the second, it is the foundation of the religion.
Anyone who claims to have seen the risen Jesus (back in the 40 day period)
is a believer, and therefore is discounted by those in this group; since
these are all ancients anyway, one again to choose to dismiss the whole
thing.  The third is as much a metaphysical relationship as anything else--
even those who agree to it have argued at length over what it *means*, so
again I don't see how evidence is possible.

I thus interpret the "extraordinary claims" claim as a statement that the
speaker will not accept *any* evidence on the matter.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: A Remarkable Admission

Jon Livesey writes:

>I'm certainly not going to attempt to distinguish between different
>flavours of Christian, all loudly claiming to be the One True Christian.

Well, it's obvious that you *don't* attempt, otherwise you would be aware
that they *don't* all "loudly [claim] to be the One True Christian".

I've tried to avoid using the phrase "is/is not christian" because of these
ownership issues; instead, I've tried the phrase "Nicene christianity" in an
attempt to identify the vast majority of "christianity" which has roughly
similar viewpoints on the core theological issues.  The JWs do not fall
within this group and in fact espouse a position known as Arianism, which is
rejected by all the nicene churches and virtually everyone else as well.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

Benedikt Rosenau writes:

>The argument goes as follows: Q-oid quotes appear in John, but not in
>the almost codified way they were in Matthew or Luke. However, they are
>considered to be similar enough to point to knowledge of Q as such, and
>not an entirely different source.

Assuming you are presenting it accurately, I don't see how this argument
really leads to any firm conclusion.  The material in John (I'm not sure
exactly what is referred to here, but I'll take for granted the similarity
to the Matt./Luke "Q" material) IS different; hence, one could have almost
any relationship between the two, right up to John getting it straight from
Jesus' mouth.

>We are talking date of texts here, not the age of the authors. The usual
>explanation for the time order of Mark, Matthew and Luke does not consider
>their respective ages. It says Matthew has read the text of Mark, and Luke
>that of Matthew (and probably that of Mark).

The version of the "usual theory" I have heard has Matthew and Luke
independently relying on Mark and "Q".  One would think that if Luke relied
on Matthew, we wouldn't have the grating inconsistencies in the geneologies,
for one thing.

>As it is assumed that John knew the content of Luke's text. The evidence
>for that is not overwhelming, admittedly.

This is the part that is particularly new to me.  If it were possible that
you could point me to a reference, I'd be grateful.

>>Unfortunately, I haven't got the info at hand.  It was (I think) in the late
>>'70s or early '80s, and it was possibly as old as CE 200.

>When they are from about 200, why do they shed doubt on the order on
>putting John after the rest of the three?

Because it closes up the gap between (supposed) writing and the existing
copy quit a bit.  The further away from the original, the more copies can be
written, and therefore survival becomes more probable.

>>And I don't think a "one step removed" source is that bad.  If Luke and Mark
>>and Matthew learned their stories directly from diciples, then I really
>>cannot believe in the sort of "big transformation from Jesus to gospel" that
>>some people posit.  In news reports, one generally gets no better
>>information than this.

>>And if John IS a diciple, then there's nothing more to be said.

>That John was a disciple is not generally accepted. The style and language
>together with the theology are usually used as counterargument.

I'm not really impressed with the "theology" argument.  But I'm really
pointing this out as an "if".  And as I pointed out earlier, one cannot make
these arguments about I Peter; I see no reason not to accept it as an
authentic letter.


>One step and one generation removed is bad even in our times. Compare that
>to reports of similar events in our century in almost illiterate societies.

The best analogy would be reporters talking to the participants, which is
not so bad.

>In other words, one does not know what the original of Mark did look like
>and arguments based on Mark are pretty weak.

But the statement of divinity is not in that section, and in any case, it's
agreed that the most important epistles predate Mark.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Yeah, Right

Benedikt Rosenau writes:

>And what about that revelation thing, Charley?

If you're talking about this intellectual engagement of revelation, well,
it's obviously a risk one takes.

>Many people say that the concept of metaphysical and religious knowledge
>is contradictive.

I'm not an objectivist, so I'm not particularly impressed with problems of
conceptualization.  The problem in this case is at least as bad as that of
trying to explain quantum mechanics and relativity in the terms of ordinary
experience.  One can get some rough understanding, but the language is, from
the perspective of ordinary phenomena, inconsistent, and from the
perspective of what's being described, rather inexact (to be charitable).

An analogous situation (supposedly) obtains in metaphysics; the problem is
that the "better" descriptive language is not available.

>And in case it holds reliable information, can you show how you establish
>that?

This word "reliable" is essentially meaningless in the context-- unless you
can show how reliability can be determined.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

From: gmiller@worldbank.org (Gene C. Miller)
Subject: Re: Radical Agnostic... NOT!

In article <1993Apr6.013657.5691@cnsvax.uwec.edu>, nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu
(David Nye) wrote:
> 
> [reply to zazen@austin.ibm.com (E. H. Welbon)]
>  
> >>>     There is no means that i can possibly think of to prove beyond doubt
> >>>that a god does not exist (but if anyone has one, by all means, tell me
> >>>what it is).  Therefore, lacking this ability of absolute proof, being an
> >>>atheist becomes an act of faith in and of itself, and this I cannot accept.
> >>> I accept nothing on blind faith.
>  
> >>Invisible Pink Flying Unicorns!  Need I say more?
>  
> >...I harbor no beliefs at all, there is no good evidence for god
> >existing or not.  Some folks call this agnosticism.  It does not suffer
> >from "blind faith" at all.  I think of it as "Don't worry, be happy".
>  
> For many atheists, the lack of belief in gods is secondary to an
> epistemological consideration:  what do we accept as a reliable way of
> knowing?  There are no known valid logical arguments for the existence
> of gods, nor is there any empirical evidence that they exist.  Most
> philosophers and theologians agree that the idea of a god is one that
> must be accepted on faith.  Faith is belief without a sound logical
> basis or empirical evidence.  It is a reliable way of knowing?
>  

Could you expand on your definition of knowing? It seems a bit monolithic
here, but I'm not sure that you intend that. Don't we need, for example, to
distinguish between "knowing" 2 plus 2 equals 4 (or 2 apples plus 2 apples
equals 4 apples), the French "knowing" that Jerry Lewis is an auteur, and
what it means to say we "know" what Socrates said?

> This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
> must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

I like this epigraph. Perhaps the issue is learning which, if any,
absurdities merit further exploration...Gene

Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)

bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>My personal objection is that I find capital punishment to be
>cruel and unusual punishment under all circumstances.

It can be painless, so it isn't cruel.  And, it has occurred frequently
since the dawn of time, so it is hardly unusual.

>I don't take issue with the numbers.  A single innocent life taken
>is one too many.

But, innocents die due to many causes.  Why have you singled out
accidental or false execution as the one to take issue with?

keith

From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Yeah, Right

In article <65882@mimsy.umd.edu> mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
}>For several years I've periodically asked Charley Wingate to explain this
}>mythical alternative to rationality which he propounds so enthusiastically
}>when he pops up every few months.  His reluctance to explain indicates to me
}>that it's not so hot.
}
}I've said enough times that there is no "alternative" that should think you
}might have caught on by now.  And there is no "alternative", but the point
}is, "rationality" isn't an alternative either.  The problems of metaphysical
}and religious knowledge are unsolvable-- or I should say, humans cannot
}solve them.

If there is truly no alternative, then you have no basis whatsoever
for your claim.  The usual line here, which you call "a prejudgment of
atheism", and dispute, is that reason is all we have.  Here you admit
that you have no alternative, no possible basis for the claim that
there is anything other than reason or that reason is inapplicable in
religious knowledge, except possibly that reason conflicts with
"religious knowledge".

This sounds very much like "I can't provide a rational defense for my
belief, but prefer to discard rationality rather than accept that it
may be false".  I hope it makes you happy, but your repeated and
unfounded assertions to this effect don't advance your cause.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

From: ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles)
Subject: Re: Yeah, Right

In article <66014@mimsy.umd.edu> mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
>Benedikt Rosenau writes:
>
>>And what about that revelation thing, Charley?
>
>If you're talking about this intellectual engagement of revelation, well,
>it's obviously a risk one takes.

 Ah, now here is the core question. Let me suggest a scenario.

 We will grant that a God exists, and uses revelation to communicate
with humans. (Said revelation taking the form (paraphrased from your
own words) 'This infinitely powerful deity grabs some poor schmuck,
makes him take dictation, and then hides away for a few hundred years'.)
 Now, there exists a human who has not personally experienced a
revelation. This person observes that not only do these revelations seem
to contain elements that contradict rather strongly aspects of the
observed world (which is all this person has ever seen), but there are
many mutually contradictory claims of revelation.

 Now, based on this, can this person be blamed for concluding, absent
a personal revelation of their own, that there is almost certainly
nothing to this 'revelation' thing?

>I'm not an objectivist, so I'm not particularly impressed with problems of
>conceptualization.  The problem in this case is at least as bad as that of
>trying to explain quantum mechanics and relativity in the terms of ordinary
>experience.  One can get some rough understanding, but the language is, from
>the perspective of ordinary phenomena, inconsistent, and from the
>perspective of what's being described, rather inexact (to be charitable).
>
>An analogous situation (supposedly) obtains in metaphysics; the problem is
>that the "better" descriptive language is not available.

 Absent this better language, and absent observations in support of the
claims of revelation, can one be blamed for doubting the whole thing?

 Here is what I am driving at: I have thought a long time about this. I
have come to the honest conclusion that if there is a deity, it is
nothing like the ones proposed by any religion that I am familiar with.
 Now, if there does happen to be, say, a Christian God, will I be held
accountable for such an honest mistake?

 Sincerely,

 Ray Ingles               ingles@engin.umich.edu

 "The meek can *have* the Earth. The rest of us are going to the
stars!" - Robert A. Heinlein

From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals

In <1pkqe2INN54n@lynx.unm.edu> cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl) writes:

>In article <1993Apr3.081052.11292@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>[deleted, to get to the point:]
>> 
>> Therefore, in a nutshell, my opinion is that pre-marital sex makes the
>> likelihood of extra-marital sex more probable.  Furthermore,
>> in my opinion, extra-marital sex helps break down partnerships and leads
>> to greater divorce rates.  This in turn, in my opinion, creates trauma
>> and a less stable environment for children, who are then, in my opinion,
>> more likely to grow up with psychological problems such as depression,
>> etc.  And thus, sex outside of marriage is, in the long run, harmful to
>> society.

>I think that you are drawing links where there are none - having sex before
>marriage has nothing to do with adultery once committed into marriage. The
>issue as I see it is more of how committed you are to not foisting pain on
>your spouse, and how confident you are about yourself. 
>	In addition, what someone does within their marriage is their own 
>business, not mine, and not yours. I have witnessed strong relationships
>that incorporate extra-marital sex. 
>	I would agree with your assertion about children - children should not  be witness to such confusing relationships - if adultery is stressful to 
>adults, which I assume it in general is, how can we expect children to 
>understand it?
>> 
>> Where is the evidence for my opinions?  At the moment, there are just
>> generalities I can cite.  For example, I read that in the 20th century,
>> the percentage of youth (and people in general) who suffer from
>> depression has been steadily climbing in Western societies (probably
>> what I was reading referred particularly to the USA).  Similarly, one
>> can detect a trend towards greater occurrence of sex outside of marriage
>> in this century in Western societies -- particularly with the "sexual
>> revolution" of the 60's, but even before that I think (otherwise the
>> "sexual revolution" of the 60's would not have been possible),
>> particularly with the gradual weakening of Christianity and consequently
>> Christian moral teachings against sex outside of marriage.  I propose
>> that these two trends -- greater level of general depression in society
>> (and other psychological problems) and greater sexual promiscuity -- are
>> linked, with the latter being a prime cause of the former.  I cannot
>> provide any evidence beyond this at this stage, but the whole thesis
>> seems very reasonable to me and I request that people ponder upon it.

>Why is it more reasonable than the trend towards obesity and the trend towards
>depression? You can't just pick your two favorite trends, notice a correlation 
>in them, and make a sweeping statement of generality. I mean, you CAN, and 
>people HAVE, but that does not mean that it is a valid or reasonable thesis. 
>At best it's a gross oversimplification of the push-pull factors people 
>experience.  

My argument is mainly a proposal of what I think is a plausible argument
against extra-marital sex -- one which I personally believe has some
truth.  My main purpose for posting it here is to show that a
_plausible_ argument can be made against extra-marital sex.  At this
stage I am not saying that this particular viewpoint is proven or
anything like that, just that it is plausible.  To try to convince you
all of this particular point of view, I would probably have to do a lot
of work researching what has been done in this field, etc., in order to
gather further evidence, which I simply do not have time to do now.  

Also note that I said that I think extra-marital sex is "a prime cause"
(in my opinion) of the generally greater levels of psychological
problems, especially depression, in Western societies.  I am not saying
it is "the prime cause" or "the only cause", just "a prime cause" --
i.e. one of the significant contributions to this trend.  I think when
you say you think my view is simplistic, you have forgotten this -- I
admit that there are probably other factors, but I do think that
extra-marital sex (and, IMO, subsequent destabilization of the family)
is a significant factor in the rise in psychological problems like
depression in Western society this century.
 
 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals

In <ednclark.734054731@kraken> ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au (Jeffrey Clark) writes:

>cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl) writes:

>>Why is it more reasonable than the trend towards obesity and the trend towards
>>depression? You can't just pick your two favorite trends, notice a correlation 
>>in them, and make a sweeping statement of generality. I mean, you CAN, and 
>>people HAVE, but that does not mean that it is a valid or reasonable thesis. 
>>At best it's a gross oversimplification of the push-pull factors people 
>>experience.  

[...]
>Basically the social interactions of all the changing factors in our society
>are far too complicated for us to control. We just have to hold on to the
>panic handles and hope that we are heading for a soft landing. But one
>things for sure, depression and the destruction of the nuclear family is not
>due solely to sex out of marriage.

Note that I _never_ said that depression and the destruction of the
nuclear family is due _solely_ to extra-marital sex.  I specifically
said that it was "a prime cause" of this, not "the prime cause" or "the
only cause" of this -- I recognize that there are probably other factors
too, but I think that extra-marital sex and subsequent destabilization
of the family is probably a significant factor to the rise in
psychological problems, including depression, in the West in the 20th
century.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: Rationality (was: Islamic marriage)?

In <1993Apr4.093904.20517@proxima.alt.za> lucio@proxima.alt.za (Lucio de Re) writes:

>darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:

>>My point of view is that the argument "all sexism is bad" just simply
>>does not hold.  Let me give you an example.  How about permitting a
>>woman to temporarily leave her job due to pregnancy -- should that be
>>allowed?  It happens to be sexist, as it gives a particular right only
>>to women.  Nevertheless, despite the fact that it is sexist, I completely 
>>support such a law, because I think it is just.

>Fred, you're exasperating...  Sexism, like racialism, is a form of
>discrimination, using obvious physical or cultural differences to deny
>one portion of the population the same rights as another.

>In this context, your example above holds no water whatsoever:
>there's no discrimination in "denying" men maternity leave, in fact
>I'm quite convinced that, were anyone to experiment with male
>pregnancy, it would be possible for such a future father to take
>leave on medical grounds.

Okay... I argued this thoroughly about 3-4 weeks ago.  Men and women are
different ... physically, physiologically, and psychologically.  Much
recent evidence for this statement is present in the book "Brainsex" by
Anne Moir and David Jessel.  I recommend you find a copy and read it.
Their book is an overview of recent scientific research on this topic
and is well referenced. 

Now, if women and men are different in some ways, the law can only
adequately take into account their needs in these areas where they are
different by also taking into account the ways in which men and women
are different.  Maternity leave is an example of this -- it takes into
account that women get pregnant.  It does not give women the same rules
it would give to men, because to treat women like it treats men in this
instance would be unjust.  This is just simply an obvious example of
where men and women are intrinsically different!!!!!

Now, people make the _naive_ argument that sexism = oppression.
However, maternity leave is sexist because MEN DO NOT GET PREGNANT. 
Men do not have the same access to leave that women do (not to the same
extent or degree), and therefore IT IS SEXIST.  No matter however much a
man _wants_ to get pregnant and have maternity leave, HE NEVER CAN.  And
therefore the law IS SEXIST.  No man can have access to maternity leave,
NO MATTER HOW HARD HE TRIES TO GET PREGNANT.  I hope this is clear.

Maternity leave is an example where a sexist law is just, because the
sexism here just reflects the "sexism" of nature in making men and women
different.  There are many other differences between men and women which
are far more subtle than pregnancy, and to find out more of these I
recommend you have a look at the book "Brainsex".

Your point that perhaps some day men can also be pregnant is fallacious.
If men can one day become pregnant it will be by having biologically
become women!  To have a womb and the other factors required for
pregnancy is usually wrapped up in the definition of what a woman is --
so your argument, when it is examined, is seen to be fallacious.  You
are saying that men can have the sexist maternity leave privilege that 
women can have if they also become women -- which actually just supports
my statement that maternity leave is sexist.

>The discrimination comes in when a woman is denied opportunities
>because of her (legally determined) sexual inferiorities.  As I
>understand most religious sexual discrimination, and I doubt that
>Islam is exceptional, the female is not allowed into the priestly
>caste and in general is subjugated so that she has no aspirations to
>rights which, as an equal human, she ought to be entitled to.

There is no official priesthood in Islam -- much of this function is
taken by Islamic scholars.  There are female Islamic scholars and
female Islamic scholars have always existed in Islam.  An example from
early Islamic history is the Prophet's widow, Aisha, who was recognized
in her time and is recognized in our time as an Islamic scholar.

>No matter how sweetly you coat it, part of the role of religions
>seems, historically, to have served the function of oppressing the
>female, whether by forcing her to procreate to the extent where
>there is no opportunity for self-improvement, or by denying her
>access to the same facilities the males are offered.

You have no evidence for your blanket statement about all religions, and
I dispute it.  I could go on and on about women in Islam, etc., but I
recently reposted something here under the heading "Islam and Women" --
if it is still at your news-site I suggest you read it.  It is reposted
from soc.religion.islam, so if it has disappeared from alt.atheism it
still might be in soc.religion.islam (I forgot what its original title
was though).  I will email it to you if you like. 

>The Roman Catholic Church is the most blatant of the culprit,
>because they actually istitutionalised a celibate clergy, but the
>other religious are no different: let a woman attempt to escape her
>role as child bearer and the wrath of god descends on her.

Your statement that "other religions are no different" is, I think, a
statement based simply on lack of knowledge about religions other than
Christianity and perhaps Judaism.

>I'll accept your affirmation that Islam grants women the same rights
>as men when you can show me that any muslim woman can aspire to the
>same position as (say) Khomeini and there are no artificial religious
>or social obstacles on her path to achieve this.

Aisha, who I mentioned earlier, was not only an Islamic scholar but also
was, at one stage, a military leader.

>Show me the equivalent of Hillary Rhodam-Clinton within Islam, and I
>may consider discussing the issue with you.

The Prophet's first wife, who died just before the "Hijra" (the
Prophet's journey from Mecca to Medina) was a successful businesswoman.

Lucio, you cannot make a strong case for your viewpoint when your
viewpoint is based on ignorance about world religions.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals

In <16BA6C947.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:

>In article <1993Apr3.081052.11292@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
>darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
> 
>>There has been some discussion on the pros and cons about sex outside of
>>marriage.
>>
>>I personally think that part of the value of having lasting partnerships
>>between men and women is that this helps to provide a stable and secure
>>environment for children to grow up in.
>(Deletion)
> 
>As an addition to Chris Faehl's post, what about homosexuals?

Well, from an Islamic viewpoint, homosexuality is not the norm for
society.  I cannot really say much about the Islamic viewpoint on homosexuality 
as it is not something I have done much research on.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

From: ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles)
Subject: Re: Benediktine Metaphysics

In article <66019@mimsy.umd.edu> mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
>Benedikt Rosenau writes, with great authority:
>
>>     IF IT IS CONTRADICTORY IT CANNOT EXIST.
>
>"Contradictory" is a property of language.  If I correct this to
>
>      THINGS DEFINED BY CONTRADICTORY LANGUAGE DO NOT EXIST
>
>I will object to definitions as reality.  If you then amend it to
>
>      THINGS DESCRIBED BY CONTRADICTORY LANGUAGE DO NOT EXIST
>
>then we've come to something which is plainly false.  Failures in
>description are merely failures in description.

 How about this description: "An object that is, at one time, both a
Euclidean square and a Euclidean circle"? I hold that no object satisfying
this description could exist. The description is inconsistent, and hence
describes an object that could not exist.
 Now, suppose someone pointed to a bicycle, and said, "That object is,
at one time, both a Euclidean square and a Euclidean circle." This does
not mean that the bicycle does not exist, it measn that the description
was incorrectly applied.
 
 The atheist says, "The descriptions of God that I have been presented with
are contradictory, and hence describe something that cannot exist."
 Now, your position (so far as I can gather) is that God exists, but the
descriptions atheists have been presented with are simply bad descriptions
of It.
 This is roughly analogous to someone who has never seen a bicycle, and,
when they ask for a description from people who claim to have seen one,
are told that it is a "Euclidean circle-square". Can they be blamed for
doubting rather strongly that this 'bicycle' exists at all?

>(I'm not an objectivist, remember.)

 No kidding. :->

 Sincerely,

 Ray Ingles               ingles@engin.umich.edu

 "The meek can *have* the Earth. The rest of us are going to the
stars!" - Robert A. Heinlein

Subject: Re: islamic authority over women
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <1993Apr6.124112.12959@dcs.warwick.ac.uk> simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale) writes:

>For the guy who said he's just arrived, and asked whether Bobby's for real,
>you betcha. Welcome to alt.atheism, and rest assured that it gets worse.
>I have a few pearls of wisdom from Bobby which I reproduce below. Is anyone
>(Keith?) keeping a big file of such stuff?

	Sorry, I was, but I somehow have misplaced my diskette from the last 
couple of months or so. However, thanks to the efforts of Bobby, it is being 
replenished rather quickly!  

	Here is a recent favorite:

	--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 


--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses (good grief!)
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <66018@mimsy.umd.edu> mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:

>The amount of energy being spent on ONE LOUSY SYLLOGISM says volumes for the
>true position of reason in this group.

	I agree, we spend too much energy on the nonexistance of God.

--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

From: ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles)
Subject: Evo. & Homosexuality (Was Re: Princeton etc.)


 Sorry, Bill, I had to clear this up. There may be good evolutionary
arguments against homosexuality, but these don't qualify.

In article <C4vwn0.JF5@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>C.Wainwright (eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk) wrote:
[deletions]
>: |> It would seem odd if homosexuality had any evolutionary function
[deletions]
>: So *every* time a man has sex with a woman they intend to produce children?
>: Hmm...no wonder the world is overpopulated.  Obviously you keep to the
>: Monty Python song:  "Every sperm is sacred".  And if, as *you* say, it has
>: a purpose as a means to limit population growth then it is, by your own 
>: arguement, natural.
>
>Consider the context, I'm talking about an evolutionary function. One
>of the most basic requirements of evolution is that members of a
>species procreate, those who don't have no purpose in that context.

 Oh? I guess all those social insects (e.g. ants, bees, etc.) which
have one breeding queen and a whole passel of sterile workers are on
the way out, huh?
 
>: These days is just ain't true!  People can decide whether or not to have 
>: children and when.  Soon they will be able to choose it's sex &c (but that's 
>: another arguement...) so it's more of a "lifestyle" decision.  Again by
>: your arguement, since homosexuals can not (or choose not) to reproduce they
>: must be akin to people who decide to have sex but not children.  Both are 
>: as "unnatural" as each other.
>
>Yet another non-sequitur. Sex is an evolutionary function that exists
>for procreation, that it is also recreation is incidental. That
>homosexuals don't procreate means that sex is -only- recreation and
>nothing more; they serve no -evolutionary- purpose.

 I refer you to the bonobos, a species of primate as closeley related to
humans as chimpanzees (that is, very closely). They have sex all the
time, homosexual as well as heterosexual. When the group finds food, they
have sex. Before the go to sleep at night, they have sex. After they
escape from or fight off prdators, they have sex. Sex serves a very important
social function above and beyond reproduction in this species. A species
closely related to humans. There is some indication that sex performs
a social function in humans, as well, but even if not, this shows that
such a function is not *impossible*.

 Sincerely,

 Ray Ingles               ingles@engin.umich.edu

 "The meek can *have* the Earth. The rest of us are going to the
stars!" - Robert A. Heinlein

Subject: Vonnegut/atheism
From: dmn@kepler.unh.edu (...until kings become philosophers or philosophers become kings)



   Yesterday, I got the chance to hear Kurt Vonnegut speak at the
University of New Hampshire. Vonnegut succeeded Isaac Asimov as the 
(honorary?) head of the American Humanist Association. (Vonnegut is
an atheist, and so was Asimov) Before Asimov's funeral, Vonnegut stood up
and said about Asimov, "He's in heaven now," which ignited uproarious 
laughter in the room. (from the people he was speaking to around the time
of the funeral)

	 "It's the funniest thing I could have possibly said
to a room full of humanists," Vonnegut said at yesterday's lecture. 

         If Vonnegut comes to speak at your university, I highly recommend
going to see him even if you've never read any of his novels. In my opinion,
he's the greatest living humorist. (greatest living humanist humorist as well)


   Peace,

     Dana

Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <1993Apr6.151843.15240@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>I should clarify what Muslims usually mean when they say "Muslim".  In
>general, anyone who calls themselves a "Muslim" and does not do or 
>outwardly profess
>something in clear contradiction with the essential teachings of Islam
>is considered to be a Muslim.  Thus, one who might do things contrary to
>Islam (through ignorance, for example) does not suddenly _not_ become a
>Muslim.  If one knowingly transgresses Islamic teachings and essential
>principles, though, then one does leave Islam.

	You and Mr. bobby really need to sit down and decide what
exactly Islam  *is* before posting here.

	According to 'Zlumber, one is NOT a muslim when one is doing evil. 
[ A muslin can do no evil ] According to him, one who does evil is suffering 
from "temporary athiesm."

	Now, would the members who claim to be "Muslims" get their stories 
straight????

--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Subject: Re: Request for Support
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <1993Apr5.095148.5730@sei.cmu.edu> dpw@sei.cmu.edu (David Wood) writes:

>2. If you must respond to one of his articles, include within it
>something similar to the following:
>
>    "Please answer the questions posed to you in the Charley Challenges."

	Agreed.

--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Subject: Re: Bill Conner:
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <C4y976.MLr@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:

>Could you explain what any of this pertains to? Is this a position
>statement on something or typing practice? And why are you using my
>name, do you think this relates to anything I've said and if so, what.
>
>Bill

 Could you explain what any of the above pertains to? Is this a position 
statement on something or typing practice? 
--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

From: mayne@pipe.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <JVIGNEAU.93Apr5182106@cs.ulowell.edu> jvigneau@cs.ulowell.edu (Joe Vigneau) writes:
>
>If anything, the BSA has taught me, I don't know, tolerance or something.
>Before I met this guy, I thought all gays were 'faries'.  So, the BSA HAS
>taught me to be an antibigot.

I could give much the same testimonial about my experience as a scout
back in the 1960s. The issue wasn't gays, but the principles were the
same. Thanks for a well put testimonial. Stan Krieger and his kind who
think this discussion doesn't belong here and his intolerance is the
only acceptable position in scouting should take notice. The BSA has
been hijacked by the religious right, but some of the core values have
survived in spite of the leadership and some scouts and former scouts
haven't given up. Seeing a testimonial like this reminds me that
scouting is still worth fighting for.

On a cautionary note, you must realize that if your experience with this
camp leader was in the BSA you may be putting him at risk by publicizing
it. Word could leak out to the BSA gestapo.

Bill Mayne

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

C.Wainwright (eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk) wrote:
: I
: |> Jim,
: |> 
: |> I always thought that homophobe was only a word used at Act UP
: |> rallies, I didn't beleive real people used it. Let's see if we agree
: |> on the term's definition. A homophobe is one who actively and
: |> militantly attacks homosexuals because he is actually a latent
: |> homosexual who uses his hostility to conceal his true orientation.
: |> Since everyone who disapproves of or condemns homosexuality is a
: |> homophobe (your implication is clear), it must necessarily follow that
: |> all men are latent homosexuals or bisexual at the very least.
: |> 
: 
: Crap crap crap crap crap.  A definition of any type of 'phobe comes from
: phobia = an irrational fear of.  Hence a homophobe (not only in ACT UP meetings,
: the word is apparently in general use now.  Or perhaps it isn't in the bible?  
: Wouldst thou prefer if I were to communicate with thou in bilespeak?)
: 
: Does an arachnophobe have an irrational fear of being a spider?  Does an
: agoraphobe have an irrational fear of being a wide open space?  Do you
: understand English?
: 
: Obviously someone who has  phobia will react to it.  They will do their best
: to avoid it and if that is not possible they will either strike out or
: run away.  Or do gaybashings occur because of natural processes?  People
: who definately have homophobia will either run away from gay people or
: cause them (or themselves) violence.
: 

Isn't that what I said ...
What are you taking issue with here, your remarks are merely
parenthetical to mine and add nothing useful.

: [...]
: 
: |> It would seem odd if homosexuality had any evolutionary function
: |> (other than limiting population growth) since evolution only occurs
: |> when the members of one generation pass along their traits to
: |> subsequent generations. Homosexuality is an evolutionary deadend. If I
: |> take your usage of the term, homophobe, in the sense you seem to
: |> intend, then all men are really homosexual and evolution of our
: |> species at least, is going nowhere.
: |> 
: 
: So *every* time a man has sex with a woman they intend to produce children?
: Hmm...no wonder the world is overpopulated.  Obviously you keep to the
: Monty Python song:  "Every sperm is sacred".  And if, as *you* say, it has
: a purpose as a means to limit population growth then it is, by your own 
: arguement, natural.

Consider the context, I'm talking about an evolutionary function. One
of the most basic requirements of evolution is that members of a
species procreate, those who don't have no purpose in that context.

: 
: |> Another point is that if the offspring of each generation is to
: |> survive, the participation of both parents is necessary - a family must
: |> exist, since homosexuals do not reproduce, they cannot constitute a
: |> family. Since the majority of humankind is part of a family,
: |> homosexuality is an evolutionary abberation, contrary to nature if you
: |> will.
: |> 
: 
: Well if that is true, by your own arguements homosexuals would have 
: vanished *years* ago due to non-procreation.  Also the parent from single
: parent families should put the babies out in the cold now, cos they must,
: by your arguement, die.

By your argument, homosexuality is genetically determined. As to your
second point, you prove again that you have no idea what context
means. I am talking about evolution, the preservation of the species,
the fundamental premise of the whole process.
: 
: |> But it gets worse. Since the overwhelming majority of people actually
: |> -prefer- a heterosexual relationship, homosexuality is a social
: |> abberation as well. The homosexual eschews the biological imperative
: |> to reproduce and then the social imperative to form and participate in
: |> the most fundamental social element, the family. But wait, there's
: |> more.
: |> 
: 
: Read the above.  I expect you to have at least ten children by now, with
: the family growing.  These days sex is less to do with procreation (admittedly
: without it there would be no-one) but more to do with pleasure.  In pre-pill
: and pre-condom days, if you had sex there was the chance of producing children.
: These days is just ain't true!  People can decide whether or not to have 
: children and when.  Soon they will be able to choose it's sex &c (but that's 
: another arguement...) so it's more of a "lifestyle" decision.  Again by
: your arguement, since homosexuals can not (or choose not) to reproduce they must
: be akin to people who decide to have sex but not children.  Both are 
: as "unnatural" as each other.

Yet another non-sequitur. Sex is an evolutionary function that exists
for procreation, that it is also recreation is incidental. That
homosexuals don't procreate means that sex is -only- recreation and
nothing more; they serve no -evolutionary- purpose.

: 
: |> Since homosexuals have come out the closet and have convinced some
: |> policy makers that they have civil rights, they are now claiming that
: |> their sexuality is a preference, a life-style, an orientation, a
: |> choice that should be protected by law. Now if homosexuality is a mere
: |> choice and if it is both contrary to nature and anti-social, then it
: |> is a perverse choice; they have even less credibility than before they
: |> became prominent. 
: |> 
: 
: People are people are people.  Who are you to tell anyone else how to live
: their life?  Are you god(tm)?  If so, fancy a date?

Here's pretty obvious dodge, do you really think you've said anything
or do you just feel obligated to respond to every statement? I am not
telling anyone anything, I am demonstrating that there are arguments
against the practice of homosexuality (providing it's a merely an
alternate lifestlye) that are not homophobic, that one can reasonably
call it perverse in a context even a atheist can understand. I realize
of course that this comes dangerously close to establishing  a value,
and that atheists are compelled to object on that basis, but if you
are to be consistent, you have no case in this regard.
: 
: |> To characterize any opposition to homosexuality as homophobic is to
: |> ignore some very compelling arguments against the legitimization of
: |> the homosexual "life-style". But since the charge is only intended to
: |> intimidate, it's really just demogoguery and not to be taken
: |> seriously. Fact is, Jim, there are far more persuasive arguments for
: |> suppressing homosexuality than those given, but consider this a start.
: |> 
: 
: Again crap.  All your arguments are based on outdated ideals.  Likewise the
: bible.  Would any honest Christian condemn the ten generations spawned by
: a "bastard" to eternal damnation?  Or someone who crushes his penis (either
: accidently or not..!).  Both are in Deuteronomy.

I'm sure your comment pertains to something, but you've disguised it
so well I can't see what. Where did I mention ideals, out-dated or
otherwise? Your arguments are very reactionary; do you have anything
at all to contribute?

: 
: |> As to why homosexuals should be excluded from participation in
: |> scouting, the reasons are the same as those used to restrict them from
: |> teaching; by their own logic, homosexuals are deviates, social and
: |> biological. Since any adult is a role model for a child, it is
: |> incumbent on the parent to ensure that the child be isolated from
: |> those who would do the child harm. In this case, harm means primarily
: |> social, though that could be extended easily enough.
: |> 
: |> 
: 
: You show me *anyone* who has sex in a way that everyone would describe as
: normal, and will take of my hat (Puma baseball cap) to you.  "One man's meat
: is another man's poison"!
: 

What has this got to do with anything? Would you pick a single point
that you find offensive and explain your objections, I would really
like to believe that you can discuss this issue intelligibly.

Bill



Subject: Fluids vs Liquids
From: mikec@sail.LABS.TEK.COM (Micheal Cranford)

west@next02.wam.umd.edu (Brian West) writes:
[ deleted ]
>A similar analogy can be made with glass. For those of you who don't 
>know, glass is a liquid (go ask your science teacher) and DOES flow.
[ deleted ]

  If your science teacher tells you glass is a liquid, try to get a different
science teacher B^).  Glass is a supercooled fluid, it is not a liquid (except
at very high temperatures).  The definition of liquid includes "readily takes
the form of its container".  Let's try to be more accurate here.  We don't want
people to think we're creationists now do we?


  UUCP:  uunet!tektronix!sail!mikec  or                  M.Cranford
         uunet!tektronix!sail.labs.tek.com!mikec         Principal Troll
  ARPA:  mikec%sail.LABS.TEK.COM@RELAY.CS.NET            Resident Skeptic
  CSNet: mikec@sail.LABS.TEK.COM                         TekLabs, Tektronix


Subject: Re: Gospel Dating
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <C4vyFu.JJ6@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:

>Keith M. Ryan (kmr4@po.CWRU.edu) wrote:
>: 
>: 	Wild and fanciful claims require greater evidence. If you state that 
>: one of the books in your room is blue, I certainly do not need as much 
>: evidence to believe than if you were to claim that there is a two headed 
>: leapard in your bed. [ and I don't mean a male lover in a leotard! ]
>
>Keith, 
>
>If the issue is, "What is Truth" then the consequences of whatever
>proposition argued is irrelevent. If the issue is, "What are the consequences
>if such and such -is- True", then Truth is irrelevent. Which is it to
>be?

	I disagree: every proposition needs a certain amount of evidence 
and support, before one can believe it. There are a miriad of factors for 
each individual. As we are all different, we quite obviously require 
different levels of evidence.

	As one pointed out, one's history is important. While in FUSSR, one 
may not believe a comrade who states that he owns five pairs of blue jeans. 
One would need more evidence, than if one lived in the United States. The 
only time such a statement here would raise an eyebrow in the US, is if the 
individual always wear business suits, etc.

	The degree of the effect upon the world, and the strength of the 
claim also determine the amount of evidence necessary. When determining the 
level of evidence one needs, it is most certainly relevent what the 
consequences of the proposition are.



	If the consequences of a proposition is irrelvent, please explain 
why one would not accept: The electro-magnetic force of attraction between 
two charged particles is inversely proportional to the cube of their 
distance apart. 

	Remember, if the consequences of the law are not relevent, then
we can not use experimental evidence as a disproof. If one of the 
consequences of the law is an incongruency between the law and the state of 
affairs, or an incongruency between this law and any other natural law, 
they are irrelevent when theorizing about the "Truth" of the law.

	Given that any consequences of a proposition is irrelvent, including 
the consequence of self-contradiction or contradiction with the state of 
affiars, how are we ever able to  judge what is true or not; let alone find
"The Truth"?



	By the way, what is "Truth"? Please define before inserting it in 
the conversation. Please explain what "Truth" or "TRUTH" is. I do think that 
anything is ever known for certain. Even if there IS a "Truth", we could 
never possibly know if it were. I find the concept to be meaningless.

--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Subject: Re: Is Morality Constant (was Re: Biblical Rape)
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <C4w5pv.JxD@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:

>There are a couple of things about your post and others in this thread
>that are a little confusing. An atheist is one for whom all things can
>be understood as processes of nature - exclusively. There is no need
>for any recourse to Divnity to describe or explain anything. There is
>no purpose or direction for any event beyond those required by
>physics, chemistry, biology, etc.; everything is random, nothing is
>determnined.

	This posts contains too many fallacies to respond too.

	1) The abolishment of divinity requires the elimination of 
freewill. 

	You have not shown this. You have not even attempted to. However,
the existance of an Omniscience being does eliminate freewill in mortals.*

	* Posted over five months ago. No one has been able to refute it, 
nor give any reasonable reasons against it.

--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Subject: Re: Gospel Dating
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)

In article <66015@mimsy.umd.edu>
mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>I cannot see any evidence for the V. B. which the cynics in this group would
>ever accept.  As for the second, it is the foundation of the religion.
>Anyone who claims to have seen the risen Jesus (back in the 40 day period)
>is a believer, and therefore is discounted by those in this group; since
>these are all ancients anyway, one again to choose to dismiss the whole
>thing.  The third is as much a metaphysical relationship as anything else--
>even those who agree to it have argued at length over what it *means*, so
>again I don't see how evidence is possible.
>
 
No cookies, Charlie. The claims that Jesus have been seen are discredited
as extraordinary claims that don't match their evidence. In this case, it
is for one that the gospels cannot even agree if it was Jesus who has been
seen. Further, there are zillions of other spook stories, and one would
hardly consider others even in a religious context to be some evidence of
a resurrection.
 
There have been more elaborate arguments made, but it looks as if they have
not passed your post filtering.
 
 
>I thus interpret the "extraordinary claims" claim as a statement that the
>speaker will not accept *any* evidence on the matter.
 
It is no evidence in the strict meaning. If there was actual evidence it would
probably be part of it, but the says nothing about the claims.
 
 
Charlie, I have seen Invisible Pink Unicorns!
By your standards we have evidence for IPUs now.
   Benedikt

Subject: Re: Contradictions
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <C52oys.2CLJ@austin.ibm.com> yoder@austin.ibm.com (Stuart R. Yoder) writes:
>: 
>: Then what would it have to do with "in the universe"?  You theists
>: cannot understand that inside the universe and outside the universe
>: are two different places.  Put God outside the universe and you
>: subtract from it the ability to interact with the inside of the
>: universe, put it inside the universe and you impose the rules of
>: physics on it.
>
>1.  God is outside the universe.
>2.  Things outside the universe do not have 'the ability to interact
>    with the inside of the universe'.
>3.  Therefore God cannot interact inside the universe.
>
>(2) has no basis whatsoever.  You seem to have positive knowledge
>about this.

	(2) is a corrallary of (1).

	The negation of (2) would contridict (1).

>
>: Although we do not have a complete model of the physical rules
>: governing the inside of the universe, we expect that there are no
>: contradictory events likely to destroy the fabric of modern physics.
>: On the other hand, your notion of an omnipotent, omniscient and
>: infinitely benevolent god, is not subject to physical laws: you
>: attempt to explain this away by describing it as being outside of
>: them, beyond measurement.  To me, beyond measurement means it can
>: have no measurable effect on reality, so it cannot interact: ergo,
>: your god is IRRELEVANT.
>
>1.  God is beyond measure.
>2.  Beyond measurement means it can have no measurable effect on
>    reality.
>3.  Therefore God cannot have a measurable effect on reality.
>
>(2) has no basis whatsoever.

  (2) Is a corrallary of (1)

  The negation of (2) would contradict (1).
--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Ontology (was: Benediktine Metaphysics)

In article <66019@mimsy.umd.edu>
mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
 
>
>>     IF IT IS CONTRADICTORY IT CANNOT EXIST.
>
>"Contradictory" is a property of language.  If I correct this to
>
>
>      THINGS DEFINED BY CONTRADICTORY LANGUAGE DO NOT EXIST
>
 
No need to correct it, it stands as it is said.
 
 
 
>I will object to definitions as reality.  If you then amend it to
>
>      THINGS DESCRIBED BY CONTRADICTORY LANGUAGE DO NOT EXIST
>
>then we've come to something which is plainly false.  Failures in
>description are merely failures in description.
>
 
You miss the point entirely. Things defined by contradictory language
do not exist. Though something existing might be meant, conclusions
drawn from the description are wrong, unless there is the possibility
to find the described, and draw conclusions from direct knowledge of
the described then. Another possibility is to drop the contradictory
part, but that implies that one can trust the concept as presented
and that one has not got to doubt the source of it as well.
 
>(I'm not an objectivist, remember.)
>
 
Neither am I. But either things are directly sensed (which includes
some form of modelling, by the way) or they are used in modelling.
Using something contradictive in modelling is not approved of.
Wonder why?
 
We remain with the question if something contradictory can be sensed
as contradictory. An important point is that either one manages to
resolve the contradictions or one is forced not to use or to refer
to the contradictory part in drawing conclusions, or one will fall
in the garbage in garbage out trap.
   Benedikt

From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

(References: deleted to move this to a new thread)

In article <114133@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>In article <1phkf7INN86p@dsi.dsinc.com> perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:

>>}Rushdie is, however, as I understand, a muslim.
>>}The fact that he's a British citizen does not preclude his being muslim.
>
>>Rushdie was an atheist (to use local terminology, not to put words in
>>his mouth) at the time of writing TSV and at the time of the fatwa in
>>February 1989.[...]
>
>Well, if he was born muslim (I am fairly certain he was) then he _is_ 
>muslim until he explicitly renounces Islam. So far as I know he has never
>explicitly renounced Islam, though he may have been in extreme doubt
>about the existence of God. Being muslim is a legal as well as
>intellectual issue, according to Islam.

"To put it as simply as possible: *I am not a Muslim*.[...] I do not
 accept the charge of apostacy, because I have never in my adult life
 affirmed any belief, and what one has not affirmed one can not be
 said to have apostasized from.  The Islam I know states clearly that
 'there can be no coercion in matters of religion'.  The many Muslims
 I respect would be horrified by the idea that they belong to their
 faith *purely by virtue of birth*, and that a person who freely chose
 not to be a Muslim could therefore be put to death."
    	    	    	    	Salman Rushdie, "In Good Faith", 1990

"God, Satan, Paradise, and Hell all vanished one day in my fifteenth
 year, when I quite abruptly lost my faith.  [...]and afterwards, to
 prove my new-found atheism, I bought myself a rather tasteless ham
 sandwich, and so partook for the first time of the forbidden flesh of
 the swine.  No thunderbolt arrived to strike me down. [...] From that
 day to this I have thought of myself as a wholly seculat person."
    	    	    	    	Salman Rushdie, "In God We Trust", 1985
 
>>[I] think the Rushdie affair has discredited Islam more in my eyes than
>>Khomeini -- I know there are fanatics and fringe elements in all
>>religions, but even apparently "moderate" Muslims have participated or
>>refused to distance themselves from the witch-hunt against Rushdie.
>
>Yes, I think this is true, but there Khomenei's motivations are quite
>irrelevant to the issue. The fact of the matter is that Rushdie made
>false statements (fiction, I know, but where is the line between fact
>and fiction?) about the life of Mohammad. 

Only a functional illiterate with absolutely no conception of the
nature of the novel could think such a thing.  I'll accept it
(reluctantly) from mobs in Pakistan, but not from you.  What is
presented in the fictional dream of a demented character cannot by the
wildest stretch of the imagination be considered a reflection on the
actual Mohammad.  What's worse, the novel doesn't present the
Mahound/Mohammed character in any worse light than secular histories
of Islam; in particular, there is no "lewd" misrepresentation of his
life or that of his wives.

>That is why
>few people rush to his defense -- he's considered an absolute fool for 
>his writings in _The Satanic Verses_. 

Don't hold back; he's considered an apostate and a blasphemer.
However, it's not for his writing in _The Satanic Verses_, but for
what people have accepted as a propagandistic version of what is
contained in that book.  I have yet to find *one single muslim* who
has convinced me that they have read the book.  Some have initially
claimed to have done so, but none has shown more knowledge of the book
than a superficial Newsweek story might impart, and all have made
factual misstatements about events in the book.

>If you wish to understand the
>reasons behind this as well has the origin of the concept of "the
>satanic verses" [...] see the
>Penguin paperback by Rafiq Zakariyah called _Mohammad and the Quran_.

I'll keep an eye out for it.  I have a counter-proposal: I suggest
that you see the Viking hardcover by Salman Rushdie called _The
Satanic Verses_.  Perhaps then you'll understand.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

In article <1993Apr2.115300.803@batman.bmd.trw.com>, jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
|> In article <C4twso.8M2@HQ.Ileaf.COM>, mukesh@HQ.Ileaf.COM (Mukesh Prasad) writes:
|> > In article <1993Apr1.142854.794@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
|> >> In article <1p8v1aINN9e9@matt.ksu.ksu.edu>, strat@matt.ksu.ksu.edu (Steve Davis) writes:
|> >> > bskendig@netcom.com (Brian Kendig) writes:
|> >> > 
|> >> >>- The Earth is evil because Satan rules over it.
|> >> > 
|> >> > This is a new one to me.  I guess it's been a while since a Witness
|> >> > bothered with me.  Are they implying that Satan is omniscient?  You
|> >> > might try tricking them into saying that Satan is 'all-knowing' and
|> >> > then use that statement to show them how their beliefs are
|> >> > self-contradictary.  
|> >> 
|> >> No, Satan is not omniscient, but he does hold dominion over the earth
|> >> according to Christian theology (note, not to be confused with JW's
|> >> theology). 
|> >> 
|> > 
|> > What are the standard theologies on who/what created Satan,
|> > and why?
|> > 
|> 
|> Orthodox Christian theology states that God created Lucifer (Satan)
|> along with the other angels, presumably because He wanted beings to
|> celebrate (glorify) existence and life (and thereby, God) along with
|> Him.  Actually the whys and wherefores of God's motivations for 
|> creating the angels are not a big issue within Christian theology.
|> 
|> But God created Lucifer with a perfect nature and gave him along with
|> the other angels free moral will.  Lucifer was a high angel (perhaps
|> the highest) with great authority.  It seems that his greatness caused
|> him to begin to take pride in himself and desire to be equal to or
|> greater than God.  He forgot his place as a created being.  He exalted
|> himself above God, and thereby evil and sin entered creation.

Actually, the story goes that Lucifer refused to bow before MAN as 
God commanded him to.  Lucifer was devoted to God.

Oh yeah, there is nothing in Genesis that says the snake was anything
more than a snake (well, a talking one...had legs at the time, too).

I don't think pointing out contradictions in STORIES is the best way
to show the error in theology:  if they think a supernatural entity
kicked the first humans out of paradise because they bit into a
fruit that gave them special powers...well, they might not respond
well to reason and logic.  :^)

Brian /-|-\



From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals

In article <1993Apr3.081052.11292@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
|> There has been some discussion on the pros and cons about sex outside of
|> marriage.
  ...
|> 
|> Where is the evidence for my opinions?  At the moment, there are just
|> generalities I can cite.  For example, I read that in the 20th century,
|> the percentage of youth (and people in general) who suffer from
|> depression has been steadily climbing in Western societies (probably
|> what I was reading referred particularly to the USA).  Similarly, one
|> can detect a trend towards greater occurrence of sex outside of marriage
|> in this century in Western societies -- particularly with the "sexual
|> revolution" of the 60's, but even before that I think (otherwise the
|> "sexual revolution" of the 60's would not have been possible),
|> particularly with the gradual weakening of Christianity and consequently
|> Christian moral teachings against sex outside of marriage.  I propose
|> that these two trends -- greater level of general depression in society
|> (and other psychological problems) and greater sexual promiscuity -- are
|> linked, with the latter being a prime cause of the former.  I cannot
|> provide any evidence beyond this at this stage, but the whole thesis
|> seems very reasonable to me and I request that people ponder upon it.
|> 
|>  Fred Rice <-- a Muslim, giving his point of view.
|>  darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

I think this is a big leap sex->depression.  One example is myself,
where no sex->depression :)  But, seriously 1) promiscuity is on a decline,
depression is not and 2) it might be more reasonable to say 
depression->promiscuity.  I think depression is more likely to come
from emotional problems (relationships, family, job, friends) and
promiscuity is used as an escape.
Since I see marriage as a civil and religious bond rather than an
emotional bond, I don't see a problem with sex before (not outside of)
marriage so long as you have the same commitment and devotion as
what is expected from a married couple.  Of course, this is just 
my opinion.

Brian /-|-\

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Yeah, Right

In article <66014@mimsy.umd.edu>
mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
 
>>And what about that revelation thing, Charley?
>
>If you're talking about this intellectual engagement of revelation, well,
>it's obviously a risk one takes.
>
 
I see, it is not rational, but it is intellectual. Does madness qualify
as intellectual engagement, too?
 
 
>>Many people say that the concept of metaphysical and religious knowledge
>>is contradictive.
>
>I'm not an objectivist, so I'm not particularly impressed with problems of
>conceptualization.  The problem in this case is at least as bad as that of
>trying to explain quantum mechanics and relativity in the terms of ordinary
>experience.  One can get some rough understanding, but the language is, from
>the perspective of ordinary phenomena, inconsistent, and from the
>perspective of what's being described, rather inexact (to be charitable).
>
 
Exactly why science uses mathematics. QM representation in natural language
is not supposed to replace the elaborate representation in mathematical
terminology. Nor is it supposed to be the truth, as opposed to the
representation of gods or religions in ordinary language. Admittedly,
not  every religion says so, but a fancy side effect of their inept
representations are the eternal hassles between religions.
 
And QM allows for making experiments that will lead to results that will
be agreed upon as being similar. Show me something similar in religion.
 
 
>An analogous situation (supposedly) obtains in metaphysics; the problem is
>that the "better" descriptive language is not available.
>
 
With the effect that the models presented are useless. And one can argue
that the other way around, namely that the only reason metaphysics still
flourish is because it makes no statements that can be verified or falsified -
showing that it is bogus.
 
 
>>And in case it holds reliable information, can you show how you establish
>>that?
>
>This word "reliable" is essentially meaningless in the context-- unless you
>can show how reliability can be determined.
 
Haven't you read the many posts about what reliability is and how it can
be acheived respectively determined?
   Benedikt

From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In <2942956021.3.p00261@psilink.com> "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:

>>DATE:   Sat, 3 Apr 1993 10:00:39 GMT
>>FROM:   Fred Rice <darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au>
>>
>>In <1p8ivt$cfj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>>
>>>Should we British go around blowing up skyscrapers next?
>>
>>I don't know if you are doing so, but it seems you are implying 
>>(1) that the person accused of blowing up the WTC in NY actually did it,
>>and
>>(2) that Islamic teachings have something to do with blowing up the WTC.
>>
>>[WTC = World Trade Centre, which was the building that was blown up, I
>>think.]
>>
>>Okay... to make some comments...
>>
>>(1) The person has only been accused -- innocent until proven guilty,
>>remember?  Secondly, there seem to be some holes in his accusation that
>>I read about.  For instance, if they guy used that particular van to
>>blow up the building, and then to go back and claim his deposit back
>>afterwards, he must be incredibly stupid.  

>Perhaps Salamen was one of those "uneducated" Muslims we hear so much about.

>>Nevertheless, he was
>>apparently smart enough to put together a very sophisticated bomb.  It
>>doesn't seem to fit together, somehow.  

>Actually, Salameh was not the ONLY person involved.  The other fellow was
>a chemical engineer working for Allied Signal who had specifically studied
>explosive devices in school (believe it or not - we actually allow radical
>Muslim types to study things like this in our universities - so much for
>the price of freedom)

From what I read, the other fellow told Salameh how to put it together
over the phone.  The bomb was supposedly some sort of sophisticated
type, so to put a (I assume complicated) sophisticated bomb together
from instructions _over the phone_ (!) one must need some brains I would
expect.

>>Despite this, there have
>>already been many attacks and threats against mosques and Muslims in the
>>United States as a consequence of his accusation, I have read.
>>

>O.K., now please tell us where this is happening.  I live in the U.S. and
>I have heard very little about these mosque attacks.  There are many mosques
>in Houston, Texas and I would like to know what is going on so I can verify
>this.  Or is the Great Jewish Media Conspiracy keeping us from knowing about
>this in the U.S.  We heard about the mosque attacks during the Desert Storm
>venture, so why is it so quiet now?  Maybe it is localized to New Jersey?

I read this in an article in "The Australian Muslim Times", the
newspaper (weekly) of the Australian Muslim community.  

If this is true, perhaps one of the Muslims based in North America (if
they see this posting) can elaborate.

>>(2) Islamic teachings teach against harming the innocent.  In the Qur'an
>>it explicitly teaches against harming innocents even in times of war.
>>The blowing up of the WTC and harming innocents is therefore in blatant
>>contradiction to Islamic teachings.

>This means absolutely nothing.  Plenty of people commit violence while 
>following what they think are valid religious principles.  I have seen
>people post many things here from the Koran which could be "misinterpreted"
>(if that is the explanation you wish to use) by an "uneducated" Muslim to
>allow them to harm idolators and unbelievers.  The first thing every Muslim
>says is that no Muslim could have done that because Islam teaches against
>harming innocents.  And we are supposed to take you WORD that it NEVER
>happens.   What do you think is the consequence?  Does Allah strike them
>down before the "alleged" violence occurs?  Of course not.  Muslims commit
>the violent act and then everyone hides behind verses in the Koran.  We're
>pretty hip to that trick.  And I even doubt that it will come up in the
>trials.  

>"My defense is that I am Muslim and Islam teaches me not to harm the innocent.
>Therefore, the people who were killed must not have been innocent.  Sure we
>set off the bomb, your honor, but you must remember, sir, I am a Muslim.
>Allah is all-powerful.  Allah would not have allowed this.  Are you insulting
>my religion?"

>Great defense, eh?

>Just admit that there are some incredibly stupid, violent Muslims in the 
>world and stop hiding from that fact.  It does no one any good to deny it.
>It only makes the more reasonable Muslims look like they are protecting the
>bad ones.  Can you see that?

I don't deny this fact.

The thrust of my argument here is that 

(a) Salameh is, according to US law, innocent as he has not been found
guilty in a court of law.  As his guilt has not been established, it is
wrong for people to make postings based on this assumption.

(b) Islam teaches us _not_ to harm innocents.  If Muslims -- who perhaps
have not realized that Islam teaches this -- perform such actions, it is
_not_ _because_ of the teachings of Islam, but rather _in spite of_ and
_in contradiction to_ the  teachings of Islam.  This is an important 
distinction.

I should clarify what Muslims usually mean when they say "Muslim".  In
general, anyone who calls themselves a "Muslim" and does not do or 
outwardly profess
something in clear contradiction with the essential teachings of Islam
is considered to be a Muslim.  Thus, one who might do things contrary to
Islam (through ignorance, for example) does not suddenly _not_ become a
Muslim.  If one knowingly transgresses Islamic teachings and essential
principles, though, then one does leave Islam.

The term "Muslim" is to be contrasted with "Mu'min", which means "true
believer".  However, whether a Muslim is in reality a Mu'min is
something known only by God (and perhaps that person himself).  So you
will not find the term Mu'min used very much by Muslims in alt.atheism,
because it is not known to anybody (except myself and God), whether I,
for example, am a "true believer" or not.  For example, I could just be
putting on a show here, and in reality believe something opposite to
what I write here, without anyone knowing.  Thus, when we say "Muslims"
we mean all those who outwardly profess to follow Islam, whether in
practice they might, in ignorance, transgress Islamic teachings.  By
"Muslim" we do not necessarily mean "Mu'min", or "true believer" in
Islam.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   


From: dpw@sei.cmu.edu (David Wood)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating



mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:

>>David Wood writes:
>>
>>    "Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence."
>
>More seriously, this is just a high-falutin' way of saying "I don't believe
>what you're saying".

Are you making a meta-argument here?  In any case, you are wrong.  
Think of those invisible pink unicorns.

>Also, the existence if Jesus is not an extradinary claim.  

I was responding to the "historical accuracy... of Biblical claims",
of which the existence of Jesus is only one, and one that was not even
mentioned in my post.

>You may want to
>complain that the miracles attributed to him do constitute such claims (and
>I won't argue otherwise), but that is a different issue.

Wrong.  That was exactly the issue.  Go back and read the context
included within my post, and you'll see what I mean.

Now that I've done you the kindness of responding to your questions,
please do the same for me.  Answer the Charley Challenges.  Your claim
that they are of the "did not!/ did so!" variety is a dishonest dodge
that I feel certain fools only one person.

--Dave Wood

From: dpw@sei.cmu.edu (David Wood)
Subject: Re: And Another THing:



mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:

>Keith Ryan writes:
>>
>>You will ignore any criticism of your logic, or any possible incongruenties
>>in your stance?  You will not answer any questions on the validity of any
>>opinion and/or facts you state?

>When I have to start saying "that's not what I said", and the response is
>"did so!", there's no reason to continue.  If someone is not going to argue
>with MY version of MY position, then they cannot be argued with.

But of course YOUR version of YOUR position has been included in the
Charley Challenges, so your claim above is a flat-out lie.  Further,
only last week you claimed that you "might not" answer the Challenges
because you were turned off by "included text".  So which is it, do
you want your context included in my articles or not?  Come to think
of it, this contradiction has the makings of a new entry in the next
Challenges post.

By the way, I've kept every bloody thing that you've written related
to this thread, and will be only too pleased to re-post any of it to
back my position.  You seem to have forgotten that you leave an
electronic paper trail on the net.

>>This is the usual theist approach.  No matter how many times a certain
>>argument has been disproven, shown to be non-applicable or non-sequitur;
>>they keep cropping up- time after time.

>Speaking of non-sequiturs, this has little to do with what I just said.  And
>have some sauce for the goose: some of the "disproof" is fallacies repeated
>over and over (such as the "law of nature" argument someone posted recently).

Now, now, let's not change the subject.  Wouldn't it be best to finish
up the thread in question before you begin new ones?

--Dave Wood

Subject: Periodic Post of Charley Challenges, #3, with additions
From: dpw@sei.cmu.edu (David Wood)



New in this version:  challenge #5, plus an addendum summarizing
Charley's responses to-date..
-----------------------------------------

*** This is a posting made periodically in an attempt to encourage
*** Charley Wingate to address direct challenges to his evidently 
*** specious claims.  I'll continue to re-post periodically until
*** he answers them, publicly indicates that he won't answer them,
*** stops posting to alt.atheism, the alt.atheism community tells
*** me to stop, or I get totally bored.  I apologize for the 
*** somewhat juvenile nature of this approach, but I'm at a loss
*** to figure out another way to crack his intransigence and 
*** seeming intellectual dishonesty.
***
*** This is re-post #3.


Charley,

I can't help but notice that you have still failed to provide answers
to substantive questions that have been raised in response to your
previous posts.  I submit that you don't answer them because you
cannot answer them without running afoul of your own logic, and I once
again challenge you to prove me wrong.  To make the task as easy for
you as possible, I'll present concise re-statements of some of the
questions that you have failed to answer, in the hope that you may
address them one at a time for all to see.

Should you fail to answer again within a reasonable time period, I
will re-post this article, with suitable additions and deletions, at
such time that I notice a post by you on another topic.  I will repeat
this procedure until you either address the outstanding challenges or
you cease to post to this newsgroup.

I would like to apologize in advance if you have answered any of these
questions previously and your answer missed my notice.  If you can be
kind enough to re-post or e-mail such articles, I will be only too
pleased to publicly rescind the challenge in question, and remove it
from this list.

Now, to the questions...

1. After claiming that all atheists fit into neat psychological
patterns that you proposed, then semi-retracting that claim by stating
that you weren't referring to *all* atheists, I asked you to name some
atheists who you feel don't fit your patterns, to show that you indeed
were not referring to all atheists that you are aware of.  You failed
to do so.  Please do so now.

Question: Can you name any a.a posters who do not fit into your
stereotype?

Here is the context for the question:

>>> This is not true for everyone on this board, and you are out of line
>>> in assuming that it is.
>>
>>YOU, however, deleted the text further along where I said that I didn't mean
>>to imply that everybody's experience was along the same lines.  
>
>Whether or not you *mean* to make such implications, you do so
>repeatedly.  
>
>Allow me to approach the issue from another viewpoint: can you name
>those atheists that you've come across who *do not* fit into the
>patterns that you theorize?


2. You have taken umbrage to statements to the effect that "senses and
reason are all we have to go by", and when pressed, you have implied
that we have an alternative called revelation.  I have repeatedly
asked you to explain what revelation is and how one can both
experience and interpret revelation without doing so via our senses
and reason.  You failed to do so.  Please do so now.

Question: Can you explain what is revelation and how one can
experience and interpret it without using senses and inherent
reasoning?

Here is the context for the question:

>>Revelation is not reason, and if we DO have revelation, then
>>reasoning is NOT all we have.

>First, show me that revelation exists.  Second, if revelation is not
>perceived through the senses, how exactly is it perceived?  According
>to my Webster's, revelation is "an act of revealing or communicating
>divine truth."  Now, tell me how such a thing can be revealed/
>communicated other than via the senses?  Tell me how you can interpret
>this revelation other than with reason, that is, using your brain to
>interpret what you are sensing.  When I say there is no way for a
>human being to interface with the universe other than via the senses as
>interpreted by reason (your brain), it is because this is the simple
>truth.  If you have another mechanism of interface, by all means,
>share it with us.

then later...

>>>You CANNOT escape the fact that our entire interface with the universe is
>>>our senses and our reason, period.
>>
>>Again, this is indefensible.  
>
>No, it is simple truth.  I challenge you to show me otherwise.

then later...

>>Few mystics will agree to this assertion, and the common defense of
>>redefining "senses" to absorb (for instance) mystical experiences is
>>begs the question of whether some senses are better than others.
>
>I allow you the broadest definition of senses, to make things easier
>for you.  Now, show me that "mystical experiences" exist.  Remember,
>you aren't allowed to go by testimony of others (e.g., mystics), since
>you have dismissed my testimony as unreliable - you know, tainted by
>my own bias.  Further, once these mystical thingies are absorbed, show
>me evidence that a human can recognize and respond to them short of
>interpretation via that person's reasoning capabilities.
>
>I challenge you to show me these things.  If you cannot do so, you
>might as well give up the fight.

then later...

>Let me reiterate, you have NOT explained your interpretation of your
>experiences, so it is not possible for me to have attacked them.  In
>point of fact, I specifically challenged you to explain this
>revelation stuff that you were talking about, and I note for the
>record that you appear to have declined my challenge.
>
>*What* is it?  *How* is it sensed?  *How* is it interpreted?  And
>*how* does this sensing and interpretation occur without the conduit
>of our senses and reasoning abilities?  You have answered none of
>these questions that go straight to the heart of your claims.  If you
>can't answer them, your claims are entirely specious.


3.  You have stated that all claims to dispassionate analysis made by
a.a posters are unverifiable and fantastical.  I asked you to identify
one such claim that I have made.  You have failed to do so.  Please do
so now.

Question: Have I made any claims at all that are unverifiable and
fantastical?  If so, please repeat them.

Here is the context for the question:


>>I must thank David Wood a most sensitive and intelligent (if wrong :-))
>>posting.  

then later...

>>Likewise, the reference to "unverifiable, fantastical
>>claims" represents fairly accurately my reaction to all of the claims to
>>dispassionate analysis that are repeated in this group.
>
>Give me your address and I'll be pleased to send you a dictionary.
>Failing that, can you name ONE claim that I have made that is in any
>sense unverifiable or fantastical?  I demand that you retract this
>statement if you cannot offer up evidence.  If you follow your usual
>pattern of ignoring the challenge, then you are simply an asshole.


4.  First you dismissed claims by atheists that they became atheists as
a result of reason, then later you stated that if one accepted the
"axioms" of reason that one couldn't help but become atheist.  I asked
you to explain the contradiction.  Your only response was a statement
that the question was incoherent, an opinion not shared by others that
I have asked, be they atheist or theist.  You have failed to answer
the question.  Please do so now.

Question: Do you retract your claim that a.a posters have not become
atheists as a result of reason, despite their testimony to that
effect?  If you don't retract that claim, do you retract the
subsequent claim that acceptance of the axioms of reason inevitably
result in atheism?

Here is the context for the question:

[First quote]
>>...we have here a bunch of people who claim that their position is
>>based on reason... it is up to atheists to prove it to me...
>
>then,
>
[Second quote]
>>...but I do not see how one can accept these axioms and not end up with
>>an atheistic point of view.


5.  First, you claimed that you would (probably) not answer these
Challenges because they contained too much in the way of "included
text" from previous posts.  Later, you implied that you wouldn't
respond because I was putting words in your mouth.  Please clarify
this seeming contradiction.

Question:  Do you prefer to respond to Challenges that include context
from your own posts, or that I paraphrase your positions in order to
avoid "included text"?

Here is the context for the question:

First you said:

>>My ordinary rules are that I don't read articles over over 150 lines
>>or articles in which there is nothing but included text on the first
>>screen.  THese are not rules of morality, but practicality.

then later...

>>If someone is not going to argue with MY version of MY position, then
>>they cannot be argued with.


As usual, your responses are awaited with anticipation.

--Dave Wood


p.s., For the record, below is a compilation of Charley's responses to
these challenges to date.

3/18/93
>>This makes no sense to me at all; it gives the appearance either of utter
>>incoherence, or of answering some question of Mr. Wood's imagination.

3/31/93 (#1)
>>Mr. Wood, I do not subscribe to the opinion that a gauntlet thrown down on
>>the net requires any response whatsoever.  At some point I might read and
>>respond to your article, and then again, I might not.  My ordinary rules are
>>that I don't read articles over over 150 lines or articles in which there is
>>nothing but included text on the first screen.  THese are not rules of
>>morality, but practicality.

3/31/93 (#2)
>>I left out something else I don't respond to.
>>...
>>Utmost on my list of things to avoid are arguments about the arguments
>>(meta-arguments, as some call them).

4/3/93
>>When I have to start saying "that's not what I said", and the response is
>>"did so!", there's no reason to continue.  If someone is not going to argue
>>with MY version of MY position, then they cannot be argued with.




Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)

halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:

>>I think an objective morality does exist, but that most flavors of morality
>>are only approximations to it.  Once again, a natural or objective morality
>>is fairly easily defined, as long as you have a goal in mind--that is, what
>>is the purpose of this morality.
>Maybe I'm not quite getting what you mean by this, but I think objective 
>morality is an oxymoron.  By definition, it seems, any _goal_ oriented 
>issue like this is subjective by nature.  I don't get how you're using
>the word objective.

But, the goal need not be a subjective one.  For instance, the goal of
natural morality is the propogation of a species, perhaps.  It wasn't
really until the more intelligent animals came along that some revisions
to this were necessary.  Intelligent animals have different needs than
the others, and hence a morality suited to them must be a bit more
complicated than "the law of the jungle."  I don't think that
self-actualization is so subjective as you might think.  And, by
objectivity, I am assuming that the ideals of any such system could be
carried out completely.

keith

From: dpw@sei.cmu.edu (David Wood)
Subject: Request for Support



I have a request for those who would like to see Charley Wingate
respond to the "Charley Challenges" (and judging from my e-mail, there
appear to be quite a few of you.)  

It is clear that Mr. Wingate intends to continue to post tangential or
unrelated articles while ingoring the Challenges themselves.  Between
the last two re-postings of the Challenges, I noted perhaps a dozen or
more posts by Mr. Wingate, none of which answered a single Challenge.  

It seems unmistakable to me that Mr. Wingate hopes that the questions
will just go away, and he is doing his level best to change the
subject.  Given that this seems a rather common net.theist tactic, I
would like to suggest that we impress upon him our desire for answers,
in the following manner:

1. Ignore any future articles by Mr. Wingate that do not address the
Challenges, until he answers them or explictly announces that he
refuses to do so.

--or--

2. If you must respond to one of his articles, include within it
something similar to the following:

    "Please answer the questions posed to you in the Charley Challenges."

Really, I'm not looking to humiliate anyone here, I just want some
honest answers.  You wouldn't think that honesty would be too much to
ask from a devout Christian, would you?  

Nevermind, that was a rhetorical question.

--Dave Wood

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

In article <66020@mimsy.umd.edu>
mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
 
>Assuming you are presenting it accurately, I don't see how this argument
>really leads to any firm conclusion.  The material in John (I'm not sure
>exactly what is referred to here, but I'll take for granted the similarity
>to the Matt./Luke "Q" material) IS different; hence, one could have almost
>any relationship between the two, right up to John getting it straight from
>Jesus' mouth.
>
 
No, the argument says John has known Q, ie a codified version of the logia,
and not the original, assuming that there has been one. It has weaknesses,
of course, like that John might have known the original, yet rather referred
to Q in his text, or that the logia were given in a codified version in
the first place.
 
The argument alone does not allow a firm conclusion, but it fits well into
the dating usually given for the gospels.
 
 
>>We are talking date of texts here, not the age of the authors. The usual
>>explanation for the time order of Mark, Matthew and Luke does not consider
>>their respective ages. It says Matthew has read the text of Mark, and Luke
>>that of Matthew (and probably that of Mark).
>
>The version of the "usual theory" I have heard has Matthew and Luke
>independently relying on Mark and "Q".  One would think that if Luke relied
>on Matthew, we wouldn't have the grating inconsistencies in the geneologies,
>for one thing.
>
 
Not necessarily, Luke may have trusted the version he knew better than the
version given by Matthew. Improving on Matthew would give a motive, for
instance.
 
As far as I know, the theory that Luke has known Matthew is based on a
statistical analysis of the texts.
 
 
>>As it is assumed that John knew the content of Luke's text. The evidence
>>for that is not overwhelming, admittedly.
>
>This is the part that is particularly new to me.  If it were possible that
>you could point me to a reference, I'd be grateful.
>
 
Yep, but it will take another day or so to get the source. I hope your German
is good enough. :-)
 
 
>>>Unfortunately, I haven't got the info at hand.  It was (I think) in the late
>>>'70s or early '80s, and it was possibly as old as CE 200.
>
>>When they are from about 200, why do they shed doubt on the order on
>>putting John after the rest of the three?
>
>Because it closes up the gap between (supposed) writing and the existing
>copy quit a bit.  The further away from the original, the more copies can be
>written, and therefore survival becomes more probable.
>
 
I still do not see how copies from 200 allow to change the dating of John.
 
 
>>That John was a disciple is not generally accepted. The style and language
>>together with the theology are usually used as counterargument.
>
>I'm not really impressed with the "theology" argument.  But I'm really
>pointing this out as an "if".  And as I pointed out earlier, one cannot make
>these arguments about I Peter; I see no reason not to accept it as an
>authentic letter.
>
 
Yes, but an if gives only possibilities and no evidence. The authencity of
many letters is still discussed. It looks as if conclusions about them are not
drawn because some pet dogmas of the churches would probably fall with them as
well.
 
 
>>One step and one generation removed is bad even in our times. Compare that
>>to reports of similar events in our century in almost illiterate societies.
>
>The best analogy would be reporters talking to the participants, which is
>not so bad.
>
 
Well, rather like some newsletter of a political party reporting from the
big meeting. Not necessarily wrong, but certainly bad.
 
 
>>In other words, one does not know what the original of Mark did look like
>>and arguments based on Mark are pretty weak.
>
>But the statement of divinity is not in that section, and in any case, it's
>agreed that the most important epistles predate Mark.
 
Yes, but the accuracy of their tradition is another problem.
 
Question: Are there letters not from Paul and predating Mark claiming the
divinity of Jesus?
   Benedikt

From: bobs@thnext.mit.edu (Robert Singleton)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution

In article <16BA8C4AC.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de>  
I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
> In article <1pq47tINN8lp@senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU>
> bobs@thnext.mit.edu (Robert Singleton) writes:
>  
> (Deletion)
> >
> >I will argue that your latter statement, "I believe that no gods exist"
> >does rest upon faith - that is, if you are making a POSITIVE statement
> >that "no gods exist" (strong atheism) rather than merely saying I don't
> >know and therefore don't believe in them and don't NOT believe in then
> >(weak atheism). Once again, to not believe in God is different than
> >saying I BELIEVE that God does not exist. I still maintain the 
> >position, even after reading the FAQs, that strong atheism requires 
> >faith.
> >
>  
> No it in the way it is usually used. In my view, you are saying here 
> that driving a car requires faith that the car drives.
>  

I'm not saying this at all - it requires no faith on my part to
say the car drives because I've seen it drive - I've done more
than at in fact - I've actually driven it. (now what does require
some faith is the belief that my senses give an accurate representation
of what's out there....) But there is NO evidence - pro or con -
for the existence or non-existence of God (see what I have to
say below on this).

> For me it is a conclusion, and I have no more faith in it than I 
> have in the premises and the argument used.
>  

Sorry if I remain skeptical - I don't believe it's entirely a
conclusion. That you have seen no evidence that there IS a God
is correct - neither have I. But lack of evidence for the existence 
of something is in NO WAY evidence for the non-existence of something 
(the creationist have a similar mode of argumentation in which if they 
disprove evolution the establish creation). You (personally) have never 
seen a neutrino before, but they exist. The "pink unicorn" analogy breaks
down and is rather naive. I have a scientific theory that explains the 
appearance of animal life - evolution. When I draw the conclusion that 
"pink unicorns" don't exist because I haven't seen them, this conclusion
has it's foundation in observation and theory. A "pink unicorn", if
it did exist, would be qualitatively similar to other known entities.
That is to say, since there is good evidence that all life on earth has
evolved from "more primitive" ancestors these pink unicorns would share 
a common anscestory with horses and zebras and such. God, however,
has no such correspondence with anything (IMO). There is no physical
frame work of observation to draw ANY conclusions FROM. 



> >But first let me say the following.
> >We might have a language problem here - in regards to "faith" and
> >"existence". I, as a Christian, maintain that God does not exist.
> >To exist means to have being in space and time. God does not HAVE
> >being - God IS Being. Kierkegaard once said that God does not
> >exist, He is eternal. With this said, I feel it's rather pointless
> >to debate the so called "existence" of God - and that is not what
> >I'm doing here. I believe that God is the source and ground of
> >being. When you say that "god does not exist", I also accept this
> >statement - but we obviously mean two different things by it. However,
> >in what follows I will use the phrase "the existence of God" in it's
> >'usual sense' - and this is the sense that I think you are using it.
> >I would like a clarification upon what you mean by "the existence of
> >God".
> >
>  
> No, that's a word game. 

I disagree with you profoundly on this. I haven't defined God as
existence - in fact, I haven't defined God. But this might be
getting off the subject - although if you think it's relevant
we can come back to it. 

>  
> Further, saying god is existence is either a waste of time, existence is
> already used and there is no need to replace it by god, or you are 
> implying more with it, in which case your definition and your argument 
> so far are incomplete, making it a fallacy.
>  

You are using wrong categories here - or perhaps you misunderstand
what I'm saying. I'm making no argument what so ever and offering no
definition so there is no fallacy. I'm not trying to convince you of
anything. *I* Believe - and that rests upon Faith. And it is inappropriate
to apply the category of logic in this realm (unless someone tells you
that they can logically prove God or that they have "evidence" or ...,
then the use of logic to disprove their claims if fine and necessary).

BTW, an incomplete argument is not a fallacy - some things are not
EVEN wrong. 

>  
> (Deletion)
> >One can never prove that God does or does not exist. When you say
> >that you believe God does not exist, and that this is an opinion
> >"based upon observation", I will have to ask "what observtions are
> >you refering to?" There are NO observations - pro or con - that
> >are valid here in establishing a POSITIVE belief.
> (Deletion)
>  
> Where does that follow? Aren't observations based on the assumption
> that something exists?
>  

I don't follow you here. Certainly one can make observations of
things that they didn't know existed. I still maintain that one
cannot use observation to infer that "God does not exist". Such
a positive assertion requires a leap.  



> And wouldn't you say there is a level of definition that the assumption
> "god is" is meaningful. If not, I would reject that concept anyway.
>  
> So, where is your evidence for that "god is" is meaningful at some 
> level?

Once again you seem to completely misunderstand me. I have no
EVIDENCE that "'god is' is meaningful" at ANY level. Maybe such
a response as you gave just comes naturally to you because so
many people try to run their own private conception of God down
your throat. I, however, am not doing this. I am arguing one, and
only one, thing - that to make a positive assertion about something
for which there can in principle be no evidence for or against
requires a leap - it requires faith. I am, as you would say, a
"theist"; however, there is a form of atheism that I can respect -
but it must be founded upon honesty. 



>    Benedikt

--
bob singleton
bobs@thnext.mit.edu

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Second Law (was: Albert Sabin)

Joel Hanes (jjh00@diag.amdahl.com) wrote:

: Mr Connor's assertion that "more complex" == later in paleontology
: is simply incorrect.  Many lineages are known in which whole
: structures are lost -- for example, snakes have lost their legs.
: Cave fish have lost their eyes.  Some species have almost completely
: lost their males.  Kiwis are descended from birds with functional
: wings.

Joel,

The statements I made were illustrative of the inescapably
anthrpomorphic quality of any desciption of an evolutionary process.
There is no way evolution can be described or explained in terms other
than teleological, that is my whole point. Even those who have reason
to believe they understand evolution (biologists for instance) tend to
personify nature and I can't help but wonder if it's because of the
limits of the language or the nature of nature.

Bill

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

Keith M. Ryan (kmr4@po.CWRU.edu) wrote:
: 
: 	Wild and fanciful claims require greater evidence. If you state that 
: one of the books in your room is blue, I certainly do not need as much 
: evidence to believe than if you were to claim that there is a two headed 
: leapard in your bed. [ and I don't mean a male lover in a leotard! ]

Keith, 

If the issue is, "What is Truth" then the consequences of whatever
proposition argued is irrelevent. If the issue is, "What are the consequences
if such and such -is- True", then Truth is irrelevent. Which is it to
be?


Bill

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

Jim Perry (perry@dsinc.com) wrote:

: The Bible says there is a God; if that is true then our atheism is
: mistaken.  What of it?  Seems pretty obvious to me.  Socrates said
: there were many gods; if that is true then your monotheism (and our
: atheism) is mistaken, even if Socrates never existed.


Jim,

I think you must have come in late. The discussion (on my part at
least) began with Benedikt's questioning of the historical acuuracy of
the NT. I was making the point that, if the same standards are used to
validate secular history that are used here to discredit NT history,
then virtually nothing is known of the first century.

You seem to be saying that the Bible -cannot- be true because it
speaks of the existence of God as it it were a fact. Your objection
has nothing to do with history, it is merely another statement of
atheism.

Bill

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Not the Omni!

Charley Wingate (mangoe@cs.umd.edu) wrote:
: 
: >> Please enlighten me.  How is omnipotence contradictory?
: 
: >By definition, all that can occur in the universe is governed by the rules
: >of nature. Thus god cannot break them. Anything that god does must be allowed
: >in the rules somewhere. Therefore, omnipotence CANNOT exist! It contradicts
: >the rules of nature.
: 
: Obviously, an omnipotent god can change the rules.

When you say, "By definition", what exactly is being defined;
certainly not omnipotence. You seem to be saying that the "rules of
nature" are pre-existant somehow, that they not only define nature but
actually cause it. If that's what you mean I'd like to hear your
further thoughts on the question.

Bill

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: IF ONLY HE KNEW

prudenti@juncol.juniata.edu wrote:

: Upon arriving at home, Joseph probably took advantage of Mary...had his way
: with her so to speak.  Of course, word of this couldn't get around so Mary,
: being the highly-religious follower that she was decided "Hey, I'll just say
: that GOD impregnated me...no one will ever know!"
: 
: Thus, seen as a trustworthy and honorable soul, she was believed...
:     
: And then came Jesus, the child born from violence.
: 
: 
: 

Dave,

Can you explain the purpose of your post, I can't imagine what you
must have thougt it meant. 

Bill

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Allah Akbar and Praise the Lord.

Maddi Hausmann (madhaus@netcom.com) wrote:
: 
: And thank the Lord that Bill Connor has returned to set
: us straight!  Now I know I can die happy when my Lexus
: SE400 wipes out on that rain-slick curve in 1997.  The
: rest of you had best straighten up, because your time 
: is even more limited.  Most of you are going in the Flu
: of 1994.

Maddi,

You know you're glad to have me visit ...
But I won't stay long this time, just shopping around.

Bill

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Dear Mr. Theist

Pixie (dl2021@andy.bgsu.edu) wrote:

:      For all the problems technology has caused, your types have made
: things even worse.  Must we be reminded of the Inquisition, Operation
: Rescue, the Ku Klux Klan, Posse Comitatus, the 700 Club, David Duke, Salem
: Witch Trials, the Crusades, gay bashings, etc.
:      PLUS virtually each and every single war, regardless of the level of
: technology, has had theistic organizations cheering on the carnage
: (chaplains, etc.), and claiming that god was in favor of the whole ordeal. 
: Don't forget to pray for our troops!
:      

This is really tedious. Every bad thing that's ever happened is
because the malefactors were under the influence of religion - does
anyone -really- believe that. I've seen it so often it must be a
pretty general opinion in a.a, but I want to believe that atheists are
really not THAT dishonest. Please, stick to the facts and, having
accomplished that, interpret them correctly.

Bill

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Is Morality Constant (was Re: Biblical Rape)

Jim Perry (perry@dsinc.com) wrote:

: }Xenophobia, both *de facto* and *de jure* as implemented
: }in legal systems, is widespread, while the Bible,
: }although not 100% egalitarian, specifically preaches
: }kindness to the stranger, and emphasizes in the Book
: }of Ruth, that a foreigner can join the nation and
: }give rise to one of the great heroes of the nation.
: 
: Clearly better than the alternative, but as an American what strikes
: me as strange about this story is that it should have even been
: considered an issue.

Jim,

There are a couple of things about your post and others in this thread
that are a little confusing. An atheist is one for whom all things can
be understood as processes of nature - exclusively. There is no need
for any recourse to Divnity to describe or explain anything. There is
no purpose or direction for any event beyond those required by
physics, chemistry, biology, etc.; everything is random, nothing is
determnined.
This would also have to include human intelligence of course and all
its products. There is nothing requiring that life evolve or that it
acquire intelligence, it's just a happy accident. For an atheist, no
event can be preferred to another or be said to have more or less
value than another in any naturalistic sense, and no thought -about-
an event can have value. 
The products of our intelligence are acquired from our environment,
from teaching, training, observation and experience and are only
significant to the individual mind wherein they reside. These mental
processes and the images they produce for us are just electrical
activity and nothing more; content is of no consequence. The human
mind is as much a response to natural forces as water running down a
hill.
How then can an atheist judge value? What is the basis for criticizing
the values ennumerated in the Bible or the purposes imputed to God? On
what grounds can the the behavior of the reliogious be condemned? It
seems that, in judging the values that motivate others to action, you
have to have some standard against which conduct is measured, but what
in nature can serve that purpose? What law of nature can you invoke to
establish your values.
Since every event is entirely and exclusively a physical event, what
difference could it possibly make what -anyone- does, religious or
otherwise, there can be no -meaning- or gradation of value. The only
way an atheist can object to -any- behaviour is to admit that the
objection is entirely subjective and that he(she) just doesn't like it
- that's it. Any value judgement must be prefaced by the disclaimer
that it is nothing more than a matter of personal opinion and carries
no weight in any "absolute" sense.
That you don't like what God told people to do says nothing about God
or God's commands, it says only that there was an electrical event in your
nervous system that created an emotional state that your mind coupled
with a pre-existing thought-set to form that reaction. That your
objections -seem- well founded is due to the way you've been
conditioned; there is no "truth" content. The whole of your
intellectual landscape is an illusion, a virtual reality.
I didn't make these rules, it's inherent in naturalistic atheism and
to be consistent, you have to accept the non-significance of any human
thought, even your own. All of this being so, you have excluded
yourself from any discussion of values, right, wrong, goood, evil,
etc. and cannot participate. Your opinion about the Bible can have no
weight whatsoever.

Bill

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Bill Conner:


Could you explain what any of this pertains to? Is this a position
statement on something or typing practice? And why are you using my
name, do you think this relates to anything I've said and if so, what.

Bill

From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Islam & Dress Code for women

In <16BA7103C3.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:

>In article <1993Apr5.091258.11830@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
>darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
> 
>(Deletion)
>>>>Of course people say what they think to be the religion, and that this
>>>>is not exactly the same coming from different people within the
>>>>religion.  There is nothing with there existing different perspectives
>>>>within the religion -- perhaps one can say that they tend to converge on
>>>>the truth.
>>
>>>My point is that they are doing a lot of harm on the way in the meantime.
>>>
>>>And that they converge is counterfactual, religions appear to split and
>>>diverge. Even when there might be a 'True Religion' at the core, the layers
>>>above determine what happens in practise, and they are quite inhumane
>>>usually.
>>>
> 
>What you post then is supposed to be an answer, but I don't see what is has
>got to do with what I say.
> 
>I will repeat it. Religions as are harm people. And religions don't
>converge, they split. Giving more to disagree upon. And there is a lot
>of disagreement to whom one should be tolerant or if one should be
>tolerant at all.

Ideologies also split, giving more to disagree upon, and may also lead
to intolerance.  So do you also oppose all ideologies?

I don't think your argument is an argument against religion at all, but
just points out the weaknesses of human nature.

>(Big deletion)
>>(2) Do women have souls in Islam?
>>
>>People have said here that some Muslims say that women do not have
>>souls.  I must admit I have never heard of such a view being held by
>>Muslims of any era.  I have heard of some Christians of some eras
>>holding this viewpoint, but not Muslims.  Are you sure you might not be
>>confusing Christian history with Islamic history?
> 
>Yes, it is supposed to have been a predominant view in the Turkish
>Caliphate.

I would like a reference if you have got one, for this is news to me.

>>Anyhow, that women are the spiritual equals of men can be clearly shown
>>from many verses of the Qur'an.  For example, the Qur'an says:
>>
>>"For Muslim men and women, --
>>for believing men and women,
>>for devout men and women,
>>for true men and women,
>>for men and women who are patient and constant,
>>for men and women who humble themselves,
>>for men and women who give in charity,
>>for men and women who fast (and deny themselves),
>>for men and women who guard their chastity,
>>and for men and women who engage much in God's praise --
>>For them has God prepared forgiveness and a great reward."
>>
>>[Qur'an 33:35, Abdullah Yusuf Ali's translation]
>>
>>There are other quotes too, but I think the above quote shows that men
>>and women are spiritual equals (and thus, that women have souls just as
>>men do) very clearly.
>>
> 
>No, it does not. It implies that they have souls, but it does not say they
>have souls. And it is not given that the quote above is given a high
>priority in all interpretations.

One must approach the Qur'an with intelligence.  Any thinking approach
to the Qur'an cannot but interpret the above verse and others like it
that women and men are spiritual equals.

I think that the above verse does clearly imply that women have
souls.  Does it make any sense for something without a soul to be
forgiven?  Or to have a great reward (understood to be in the
after-life)?  I think the usual answer would be no -- in which case, the
part saying "For them has God prepared forgiveness and a great reward"
says they have souls.  

(If it makes sense to say that things without souls can be forgiven, then 
I have no idea _what_ a soul is.)

As for your saying that the quote above may not be given a high priority
in all interpretations, any thinking approach to the Qur'an has to give
all verses of the Qur'an equal priority.  That is because, according to
Muslim belief, the _whole_ Qur'an is the revelation of God -- in fact,
denying the truth of any part of the Qur'an is sufficient to be
considered a disbeliever in Islam.

>Quite similar to you other post, even when the Quran does not encourage
>slavery, it is not justified to say that iit forbids or puts an end to
>slavery. It is a non sequitur.

Look, any approach to the Qur'an must be done with intelligence and
thought.  It is in this fashion that one can try to understand the
Quran's message.  In a book of finite length, it cannot explicitly
answer every question you want to put to it, but through its teachings
it can guide you.  I think, however, that women are the spiritual equals
of men is clearly and unambiguously implied in the above verse, and that
since women can clearly be "forgiven" and "rewarded" they _must_ have
souls (from the above verse).

Let's try to understand what the Qur'an is trying to teach, rather than
try to see how many ways it can be misinterpreted by ignoring this
passage or that passage.  The misinterpretations of the Qur'an based on
ignoring this verse or that verse are infinite, but the interpretations 
fully consistent are more limited.  Let's try to discuss these
interpretations consistent with the text rather than how people can
ignore this bit or that bit, for that is just showing how people can try
to twist Islam for their own ends -- something I do not deny -- but
provides no reflection on the true teachings of Islam whatsoever.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Slavery (was Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage:...)

In <1993Apr4.200253.21409@ennews.eas.asu.edu> guncer@enuxha.eas.asu.edu (Selim Guncer ) writes:

>You might not like what Bernard Lewis writes about, label him
>as a Zionist or such to discredit him etc. 

You misrepresent me, Selim.  The hard evidence for my statements about
his lack of objectivity are presented quite clearly in the book
"Orientalism" by Edward Said.  Edward Said, by the way, is a Christian,
not a Muslim.

>I think he is
>pretty much objective in his treatment in "Race and Slavery in
>the Middle East", since he clearly distinguishes between
>slavery under Islam, and the practice of slavery in other countries,
>like the US prior to the civil war. He also does not conceal
>that there are verses in the Quran which promote the liberation
>of slaves. What he doesn't, and I don't think nobody can,
>deduce from these verses is that slavery will eventually be
>abolished in Islamic countries. Now you might, rather conveniently,
>blame the practice of slavery on Muslims, but the facts are out
>there. I also fail to see the relevance of the claim of Lewis being
>a "Zionist" to what I wrote. 

Regarding Bernard Lewis:

Him being a Zionist gives him a political motive for his
giving misrepresentations and half-truths about Islam.

Read "Orientalism" by Edward Said -- see the evidence for yourself.

In fact, I may post some of it here (if it isn't too long).

>They were encyclopaedic information
>which anybody can access - that slavery was abolished at certain
>dates some 1200 years after Muhammed, that this was the cause
>of tensions in the Ottoman empire between the Arab slave traders
>and the government etc.. We also have in the ASU library volumes
>of British documents on slavery where reports and documents
>concerning slavery all around the world can be found, which I
>checked some of the incidents Lewis mentions. So I don't think
>ones political stance has anything to do with documentary evidence.

I haven't read Lewis's article, so I can't comment directly upon it, and
have only spoken about his writings _in general_ so far, that his
political motives make him a biased writer on Islam.  His anti-Islamic
polemics, as I understand it, are often quite subtle and are often based
on telling half-truths.

Again, read "Orientalism" by Edward Said.  I am _not_ asking you to take
what I say on trust, in fact I am urging you not to do so but to get
this book (it is a well-known book) and check the evidence out for
_yourself_.

>The issue I raised was that slaves WERE USED FOR SEXUAL PURPOSES,
>when it was claimed that Islam prohibits extra-marital sex.
>I wrote that the Prophet himself had concubines, I wrote an
>incident in which the prophet advised on someone who did not
>want his concubine to get pregnant etc., which is contrary
>to the notion that "sex is for procreation only". In other
>words, such claims are baseless in the Quran and the Hadith.

If slavery is _in reality_ (as opposed to in the practice of some
Muslims) opposed by Islam, then using slaves for sexual
purposes is necessarily opposed too.

>I seem to be unsuccesful in getting through to you. Islam is
>not "advocating" slavery. Slavery was an existing institution in the 
>7th century. It advised on slaves being freed for good
>deeds etc., which is nothing new. Many cultures saw this as a
>good thing. What is the problem here? But I can argue rightfully
>that slaves were discouraged about thinking about their statuses
>politically - the Quran rewards the good slave, so obey your
>master and perhaps one day you'll be free.  But, it is very
>understandable that I do not communicate with Muslims, since
>they assume the Quran is from a "God", and I think it is a rule-based
>system imposed on the society for preservation of the status quo.
>Slaves are a part of this system, the subordination of women
>so that their function in society boils down to child-making
>is a part of this system, etc. 

I understand your point of view, Selim -- I think, rather, it is _us_
who are not getting through to _you_.

Some of the points you repeat above I have already answered before.

Regarding women, I have made posting after posting on this subject,
showing that Islam is not anti-woman, etc.  However, have you been
completely ignoring my postings or just missing them?  I just reposted a
very good one, under the title "Islam and Women", reposted from
soc.religion.islam.  If this has already disappeared from your site,
then please email me telling me so and I will email you a copy of this
excellent article.  

IMHO, your understanding of the issue of women in Islam is sadly deficient.

Regarding slaves, _my_ posting on slavery -- the second one I made,
which is a repost of an article I wrote early last year -- is based
completely on the Qur'an and contains numerous Qur'anic verses and
hadiths to support its point of view.

Our approaches are different -- you are arguing from a historical
standpoint and I am arguing directly from the teachings of the Qur'an
and hadiths.  Now, just because people say they are Muslims and perform
a particular action, does that automatically mean that their action is
part of Islam, even if it is opposed by the Qur'an and Sunnah?  No!  Of
course not.

Let me give you a concrete example, which might help clarify this for
you.  The Qur'an prohibits drinking.  Now, if a person says "I am a
Muslim" and then proceeds to drink a bottle of beer, does this now mean
that Islam teaches that people should drink beer?  Of course not, and
only an idiot would think so.

Do you see my point?

>It is very natural to think that
>the author/authors of the Quran had no idea that the socio-economic
>structure they were advocating would experience at least two paradigm
>shifts in 1400 years in the western cultures - first with the end of 
>the feudal era and the rise of commerce, second with the industrial 
>revolution.  Well, rules have changed and the status quo has driven 
>Muslim countries into misery trying to survive in a "heathen" world. 
>Muslim countries have failed economically, they were unable to 
>accumulate any wealth - directly due to the uncomprimising economic
>rules in the Quran. In fact, the rise of Islam can easily be modeled
>after the pyramid effect - you do not produce any wealth at home,
>but increase your wealth by conquering places.  

You are judging Islam here on capitalist terms.  Capitalism is an
ideology based largely on the assumption that people want to maximise
their wealth -- this assumption is in opposition to Islamic teachings.
To say Islam is bad because it is not capitalist is pretty unthinking --
Islam does not pretend to be capitalist and does not try to be
capitalist.  (This does not mean that Islam does not support a
free-market -- for it does in general -- but there are other parts of 
capitalism which are opposed to Islam as I understand it.)

>When this stopped,
>you (and I) were left bare in the open for emperialists to devour.
>No capital, no industry, very poor social services - the education
>level in Muslim countries are the lowest in the world, the health
>statistics are miserable etc.. 

One can postulate numerous reasons for this.  Your theory is that it is
because Islam is not secularist and capitalist, etc. etc.

Selim, I will give you a clear historical example to show you the
fallacy of your views if you think (as you obviously do) that
Islam => lack of education and power.

For a large part of history, the Islamic world was very powerful.  For a
significant section of history, the Islamic world was the foremost in
the sciences.  So to say that Islam is, for example, anti-education is
completely absurd.  You try to blame this situation on Islam -- history
shows that your conclusion is false and that, instead, there must be
other reasons for this situation.

>You blame Muslims for not following the Quran, but I blame Muslims 
>for following the Quran. 

Well, Selim, your viewpoint on women in Islam makes me question the extent
of your knowledge of Islam.  I really think you are not
knowledgeable enough to be able to judge whether the Muslims are
following the Qur'an or not.

>Your idea is baseless from historical
>facts, it is a poor utopia, 

The Islamic world was at the forefront of the world in science at one
stage -- yet somehow, in your theory, it is by "following the Qur'an"
that Muslims are backwards in education.  Selim, it is _your_ thesis
that is anti-historical, for you conveniently overlook this historical
fact which contradicts your theory. 

>while my ideas are derived from social
>and economic history. 

You have certainly not shown this; you have merely stated it.
So far, it seems to me that your view on Islam being anti-education is
quite contrary to history.  That you are so convinced of your views
makes me wonder just how objectively you are trying to look at all of
this.

>My solution to all Muslims is simple:
>CUT THE CRAP, 

I think, Selim, you should consider taking your own advice.

>GET THE FACTS STRAIGHT 

Here too.

>AND WORK HARD TO REVERSE
>THE EFFECTS OF 1300 YEARS OF IGNORANCE.

Selim, you have such conviction of your viewpoint, yet you demonstrate
ignorance, not only of Islam but also of Islamic history (particularly
with respect to Muslims being leaders of science till about 1400 or so I
think).  Yet you say that your viewpoint is based on history!

Selim, if I remember right, you say in one of your earlier posts that
you are an apostate from Islam.  I think you should slow down and start
thinking clearly about the issues, and start _reading_ some of our
postings about Islam rather than ignoring them as you so obviously
have.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

From: dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham)
Subject: Re: Jews can't hide from keith@cco.

In article <1pqdor$9s2@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>In article <1993Apr3.071823.13253@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
>The poster casually trashed two thousand years of Jewish history, and 
>Ken replied that there had previously been people like him in Germany.

I think the problem here is that I pretty much ignored the part
about the Jews sightseeing for 2000 years, thinking instead that
the important part of what the original poster said was the bit
about killing Palestinians.  In retrospect, I can see how the
sightseeing thing would be offensive to many.  I originally saw
it just as poetic license, but it's understandable that others
might see it differently.  I still think that Ken came on a bit
strong though.  I also think that your advice to Masud Khan:

  #Before you argue with someone like Mr Arromdee, it's a good idea to
  #do a little homework, or at least think.

was unnecessary.

>That's right.   There have been.    There have also been people who
>were formally Nazis.   But the Nazi party would have gone nowhere
>without the active and tacit support of the ordinary man in the
>street who behaved as though casual anti-semitism was perfectly
>acceptable.
>
>Now what exactly don't you understand about what I wrote, and why
>don't you see what it has to do with the matter at hand?

Throughout all your articles in this thread there is the tacit
assumption that the original poster was exhibiting casual
anti-semitism.  If I agreed with that, then maybe your speech
on why this is bad might have been relevant.  But I think you're
reading a lot into one flip sentence.  While probably not
true in this case, too often the charge of anti-semitism gets
thrown around in order to stifle legitimate criticism of the
state of Israel.

Anyway, I'd rather be somewhere else, so I'm outta this thread.
--
Doug Graham         dgraham@bnr.ca         My opinions are my own.

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Frequently Asked Questions

Archive-name: atheism/faq
Alt-atheism-archive-name: faq
Last-modified: 5 April 1993
Version: 1.1

                    Alt.Atheism Frequently-Asked Questions

This file contains responses to articles which occur repeatedly in
alt.atheism.  Points covered here are ones which are not covered in the
"Introduction to Atheism"; you are advised to read that article as well
before posting.

These answers are not intended to be exhaustive or definitive. The purpose of
the periodic FAQ postings is not to stifle debate, but to raise its level. If
you have something to say concerning one of these questions and which isn't
covered by the answer given, please feel free to make your point.

Overview of contents:

   "What is the purpose of this newsgroup?"
   "Hitler was an atheist!"
   "The Bible proves it"
   "Pascal's Wager"
   "What is Occam's Razor?"
   "Why it's good to believe in Jesus"
   "Why I know that God exists"
   "Einstein and "God does not play dice""
   "Everyone worships something"
   "Why there must be a causeless cause"
   "The universe is so complex it must have been designed"
   "Independent evidence that the Bible is true"
   "Godel's Incompleteness Theorem"
   "George Bush on atheism and patriotism"
   "I know where hell is!"
   "Biblical contradictions wanted"
   "The USA is a Christian nation"
   "The USA is not a Christian nation"

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Subject: What is the purpose of this newsgroup?

Typical posting:

Why have a newsgroup about atheism?  Why do atheists organize in groups?  
What is there to discuss?

Response:

Many things are discussed here, including:

* Whether it is reasonable to feign theism in order to avoid upsetting one's
  family
* Prayer in schools
* Discrimination against atheists
* Sunday trading laws
* The Satanic Child Abuse myth
* Whether one should be an overt atheist or 'stay in the closet'
* How religious societies prey (sic) on new college students
* How to get rid of unwanted proselytizers
* Whether religion is a danger to society and/or the individual
* Why people become atheists

Of course, inevitably alt.atheism tends to attract evangelical Christians
looking for someone to convert.  Most readers of the newsgroup don't 
want to be preached to, although a few seem to derive perverse pleasure 
from tearing apart particularly ill-considered or uninformed postings.

------------------------------

Subject: Hitler was an atheist!

Typical posting:

Hitler was an atheist, and look at what he did!

Response:

Adolf Hitler was emphatically not an atheist.  As he said himself:

   The folkish-minded man, in particular, has the sacred duty, each in
   his own denomination, of making _people_stop_just_talking_
   superficially_of_God's_will,_and_actually_fulfill_God's_will,_and_
   not_let_God's_word_be_desecrated._[orig. ital.]

   For God's will gave men their form, their essence, and their
   abilities.  Anyone who destroys His work is declaring war on the
   Lord's creation, the divine will.  Therefore, let every man be
   active, each in his own denomination if you please, and let every
   man take it as his first and most sacred duty to oppose anyone who
   in his activity by word or deed steps outside the confines of his
   religious community and tries to butt into the other.

   [...]

   Hence today I believe that I am acting in accordance with the will
   of the Almighty Creator: _by_defending_myself_against_the_Jew,_I_am_
   fighting_for_the_work_of_the_Lord._[orig. ital.]

          -- Adolf Hitler, from "Mein Kampf", trans. Ralph Mannheim.

Of course, someone bad believing something does not make that belief
wrong.  It's also entirely possible that Hitler was lying when he claimed 
to believe in God.  We certainly can't conclude that he's an atheist, 
though.

------------------------------

Subject: The Bible proves it

Typical posting:

In the Bible it says that...

Response:

Most of the readers of alt.atheism feel that the Bible is of questionable
accuracy, as it was written thousands of years ago by many authors who were
recording oral tradition that existed many years before.  Thus, any claimed
'truth' in it is of questionable legitimacy.  This isn't to say that The
Bible has no truth in it; simply that any truth must be examined before being
accepted.

Many of the readers of this group also feel that because any passage is
subject to "interpretation", any claim that a passage 'means' one thing and
one thing only is not legitimate.

Note that this feeling tends to extend to other books.

It is also remarkable to many atheists that theists tend to ignore other
equally plausible religious books in favour of those of their own religion.

------------------------------

Subject: Pascal's Wager

Typical posting:

If you believe in God and turn out to be incorrect, you have lost nothing --
but if you don't believe in God and turn out to be incorrect, you will go to
hell. Therefore it is foolish to be an atheist.

Response:

This argument is known as Pascal's Wager.  It has several flaws.

Firstly, it does not indicate which religion to follow.  Indeed, there are
many mutually exclusive and contradictory religions out there.  This is often
described as the "avoiding the wrong hell" problem.  If a person is a
follower of religion X, he may end up in religion Y's version of hell.

Secondly, the statement that "If you believe in God and turn out to be
incorrect, you have lost nothing" is not true.  Suppose you're believing in
the wrong God -- the true God might punish you for your foolishness.
Consider also the deaths that have resulted from people rejecting medicine in
favour of prayer.

Another flaw in the argument is that it is based on the assumption that 
the two possibilities are equally likely -- or at least, that they are of 
comparable likelihood.  If, in fact, the possibility of there being a God 
is close to zero, the argument becomes much less persuasive.  So sadly the
argument is only likely to convince those who believe already.

Also, many feel that for intellectually honest people, belief is based on 
evidence, with some amount of intuition.  It is not a matter of will or 
cost-benefit analysis.

Formally speaking, the argument consists of four statements:

  1. One does not know whether God exists.
  2. Not believing in God is bad for one's eternal soul if God does
     exist.
  3. Believing in God is of no consequence if God does not exist.
  4. Therefore it is in one's interest to believe in God.

There are two approaches to the argument.  The first is to view 1 as an
assumption, and 2 as a consequence of it.  One problem with this approach, in
the abstract, is that it creates information from no information.  This is
considered invalid in information theory.  Statement 1 indicates one has no
information about God -- but statement 2 indicates that beneficial information
can be gained from the absolute lack of information about God.  This violates
information entropy -- information has been extracted from no information, at
no "cost".

The alternative approach is to claim that 1 and 2 are both assumptions.  The
problem with this is that 2 is then basically an assumption which states the
Christian position, and only a Christian will agree with that assumption. The
argument thus collapses to "If you are a Christian, it is in your interests
to believe in God" -- a rather vacuous tautology, and not the way Pascal
intended the argument to be viewed.

The biggest reason why Pascal's wager is a failure is that if God is
omniscient he will certainly know who really believes and who believes as
a wager.  He will spurn the latter... assuming he actually cares at all
whether people believe in him.

------------------------------

Subject: What is Occam's Razor?

Typical posting:

People keep talking about Occam's Razor.  What is it?

Response:

William of Occam formulated a principle which has become known as Occam's 
Razor.  In its original form, it said "Do not multiply entities 
unnecessarily."  That is, if you can explain something without supposing
the existence of some entity, then do so.

Nowadays when people refer to Occam's Razor, they generally express it 
more generally, for example as "Take the simplest solution".

The relevance to atheism is that we can look at two possible explanations 
for what we see around us:

1. There is an incredibly intricate and complex universe out there, which
came into being as a result of natural processes.

2. There is an incredibly intricate and complex universe out there, and 
there is also a God who created the universe.  Clearly this God must be 
of non-zero complexity.

Given that both explanations fit the facts, Occam's Razor might suggest 
that we should take the simpler of the two -- solution number one.
Unfortunately, some argue that there is a third even more simple solution:

3. There isn't an incredibly intricate and complex universe out there.  
We just imagine that there is.

This third option leads us logically towards solipsism, which many people 
find unacceptable.
 
------------------------------

Subject: Why it's good to believe in Jesus

Typical posting:

I want to tell people about the virtues and benefits of my religion.

Response:

Preaching is not appreciated.

Feel free to talk about your religion, but please do not write postings that
are on a "conversion" theme.  Such postings do not belong on alt.atheism and
will be rejected from alt.atheism.moderated (try the newsgroup
talk.religion.misc).

You would doubtless not welcome postings from atheists to your favourite
newsgroup in an attempt to convert you; please do unto others as you would
have them do unto you!

Often theists make their basic claims about God in the form of lengthy
analogies or parables.  Be aware that atheists have heard of God and know the
basic claims about him; if the sole purpose of your parable is to tell
atheists that God exists and brings salvation, you may as well not post it,
since it tells us nothing we have not been told before.

------------------------------

Subject: Why I know that God exists

Typical posting:

I *know* from personal experience and prayer that God exists.

Response:

Just as many theists have personal evidence that the being they worship
exists, so many atheists have personal evidence that such beings do not
exist.  That evidence varies from person to person.

Furthermore, without wishing to dismiss your evidence out of hand, many
people have claimed all kinds of unlikely things -- that they have been
abducted by UFOs, visited by the ghost of Elvis, and so on.

------------------------------

Subject: Einstein and "God does not play dice"

Typical posting:

Albert Einstein believed in God.  Do you think you're cleverer than him?

Response:

Einstein did once comment that "God does not play dice [with the universe]". 
This quotation is commonly mentioned to show that Einstein believed in the
Christian God.  Used this way, it is out of context; it refers to Einstein's
refusal to accept the uncertainties indicated by quantum theory. Furthermore,
Einstein's religious background was Jewish rather than Christian.

A better quotation showing what Einstein thought about God is the following:
"I believe in Spinoza's God who reveals himself in the orderly harmony of
what exists, not in a God who concerns himself with fates and actions of
human beings."

Einstein was unable to accept Quantum Theory because of his belief in an
objective, orderly reality; a reality which would not be subject to random
events and which would not be dependent upon the observer.  He believed that
QM was incomplete, and that a better theory would have no need for
statistical interpretations.  So far no such better theory has been found,
and much evidence suggests that it never will be.

A longer quote from Einstein appears in "Science, Philosophy, and Religion, A
Symposium", published by the Conference on Science, Philosophy and Religion
in Their Relation to the Democratic Way of Life, Inc., New York, 1941.  In
it he says:

  "The more a man is imbued with the ordered regularity of all events
   the firmer becomes his conviction that there is no room left by the side
   of this ordered regularity for causes of a different nature.  For him
   neither the rule of human nor the rule of divine will exists as an
   independent cause of natural events.  To be sure, the doctrine of a
   personal God interfering with natural events could never be
   *refuted* [italics his], in the real sense, by science, for this
   doctrine can always take refuge in those domains in which scientific
   knowledge has not yet been able to set foot.

   But I am convinced that such behavior on the part of representatives
   of religion would not only be unworthy but also fatal.  For a doctrine
   which is to maintain itself not in clear light but only in the dark,
   will of necessity lose its effect on mankind, with incalculable harm
   to human progress.  In their struggle for the ethical good, teachers
   of religion must have the stature to give up the doctrine of a personal
   God, that is, give up that source of fear and hope which in the past
   placed such vast power in the hands of priests.  In their labors they
   will have to avail themselves of those forces which are capable
   of cultivating the Good, the True, and the Beautiful in humanity
   itself.  This is, to be sure, a more difficult but an incomparably
   more worthy task..."

Einstein has also said:

  "It was, of course, a lie what you read about my religous convictions,
   a lie which is being systematically repeated.  I do not believe in a
   personal God and I have never denied this but have expressed it clearly.
   If something is in me which can be called religious then it is the
   unbounded admiration for the structure of the world so far as our
   science can reveal it."

The latter quote is from "Albert Einstein: The Human Side", edited by Helen 
Dukas and Banesh Hoffman, and published by Princeton University Press.  
Also from the same book:

  "I do not believe in immortality of the individual, and I consider ethics
   to be an exclusively human concern with no superhuman authority behind 
   it."

Of course, the fact that Einstein chose not to believe in Christianity does 
not in itself imply that Christianity is false.

------------------------------

Subject: Everyone worships something

Typical posting:

Everyone worships something, whether it's money, power or God.

Response:

If that is true, everyone is a polytheist.  Theists care just as much about
those things that atheists care about.  If the atheists' reactions to (for
example) their families amount to worship then so do the theists'.

------------------------------

Subject: Why there must be a causeless cause

Typical posting:

Sets of integers that have a lower bound each have a smallest member, so
chains of causes must all have a first element, a causeless cause.

Response:

The set of real numbers greater than zero has a definite lower bound, but has
no smallest member.

Further, even if it is true that there must be a causeless cause, that does
not imply that that cause must be a conscious supernatural entity, and
especially not that any such entity must match the description favoured by
any particular religion.

------------------------------

Subject: The universe is so complex it must have been designed

Typical posting:

The presence of design in the universe proves there is a God.  Surely you
don't think all this appeared here just by chance?

Response:

This is known as the Argument From Design.

It is a matter of dispute whether there is any element of design in the
universe. Those who believe that the complexity and diversity of living
creatures on the earth is evidence of a creator are best advised to read the
newsgroup talk.origins for a while.

There is insufficient space to summarize both sides of that debate here.
However, the conclusion is that there is no scientific evidence in favour of
so-called Scientific Creationism. Furthermore, there is much evidence,
observation and theory that can explain many of the complexities of the
universe and life on earth.

The origin of the Argument by Design is a feeling that the existence of
something as incredibly intricate as, say, a human is so improbable that
surely it can't have come about by chance; that surely there must be some 
external intelligence directing things so that humans come from the chaos
deliberately.

But if human intelligence is so improbable, surely the existence of a mind
capable of fashioning an entire universe complete with conscious beings must
be immeasurably more unlikely?  The approach used to argue in favour of the
existence of a creator can be turned around and applied to the Creationist
position.

This leads us to the familiar theme of "If a creator created the universe,
what created the creator?", but with the addition of spiralling 
improbability.  The only way out is to declare that the creator was not
created and just "is" (or "was").

From here we might as well ask what is wrong with saying that the universe
just "is" without introducing a creator?  Indeed Stephen Hawking, in his book
"A Brief History of Time", explains his theory that the universe is closed
and finite in extent, with no beginning or end.

The Argument From Design is often stated by analogy, in the so-called 
Watchmaker Argument.  One is asked to imagine that one has found a watch on
the beach.  Does one assume that it was created by a watchmaker, or that it
evolved naturally?  Of course one assumes a watchmaker.  Yet like the 
watch, the universe is intricate and complex; so, the argument goes, the 
universe too must have a creator.

The Watchmaker analogy suffers from three particular flaws, over and above 
those common to all Arguments By Design.  Firstly, a watchmaker creates 
watches from pre-existing materials, whereas God is claimed to have 
created the universe from nothing.  These two sorts of creation are 
clearly fundamentally different, and the analogy is therefore rather weak.

Secondly, a watchmaker makes watches, but there are many other things in 
the world.  If we walked further along the beach and found a nuclear 
reactor, we wouldn't assume it was created by the watchmaker.  The argument 
would therefore suggest a multitude of creators, each responsible for a 
different part of creation.

Finally, in the first part of the watchmaker argument we conclude that 
the watch is not part of nature because it is ordered, and therefore 
stands out from the randomness of nature.  Yet in the second part of the 
argument, we start from the position that the universe is obviously not 
random, but shows elements of order.  The Watchmaker argument is thus 
internally inconsistent.

------------------------------

Subject: Independent evidence that the Bible is true

Typical posting:

The events of the New Testament are confirmed by independent documentary
evidence.  For example...

Response:

The writings of Josephus are often mentioned as independent documentary
evidence.

Early versions of Josephus's work are thought not to have mentioned Jesus or
James; the extant version discusses John in a non-Christian context.  Many
scholars believe that the original mentioned Jesus and James in passing, but
that this was expanded by Christian copyists.  Several "reconstructions" of
the original text have been published to this effect.

Much information appears in the Ecclesiastical History of Eusebius (about 320
C.E.).  It is worthless as historical material because of the deliberate
falsification of the wily Eusebius who is generally acknowledged as 'the
first thoroughly dishonest historian of antiquity.' It is Eusebius who is
generally given the title of authorship for this material.

Aside from the New Testament, the biographical information about Jesus is
more well-documented.  For further information, please consult the Frequently
Asked Questions file for the newsgroup soc.religion.christian.

------------------------------

Subject: Godel's Incompleteness Theorem

Typical posting:

Godel's Incompleteness Theorem demonstrates that it is impossible for the
Bible to be both true and complete.

Response:

Godel's First Incompleteness Theorem says that in any consistent formal 
system which is sufficiently expressive that it can model ordinary 
arithmetic, one can formulate expressions which can never be proven to be 
valid or invalid ('true' or 'false') within that formal system.  (Technically
speaking, the system must also be recursive; that is, there must be a decision
procedure for determining whether a given string is an axiom within the formal 
system.)

Essentially, all such systems can formulate what is known as a "Liar 
Paradox."  The classic Liar Paradox sentence in ordinary English is "This 
sentence is false."  Note that if a proposition is undecidable, the formal 
system cannot even deduce that it is undecidable.

The logic used in theological discussions is rarely well defined, so claims
that Godel's Incompleteness Theorem demonstrates that it is impossible to
prove or disprove) the existence of God are worthless in isolation.

One can trivially define a formal system in which it is possible to prove the
existence of God, simply by having the existence of God stated as an axiom. 
This is unlikely to be viewed by atheists as a convincing proof, however.

It may be possible to succeed in producing a formal system built on axioms
that both atheists and theists agree with.  It may then be possible to show
that Godel's Incompleteness Theorem holds for that system.  However, that
would still not demonstrate that it is impossible to prove that God exists
within the system.  Furthermore, it certainly wouldn't tell us anything about
whether it is possible to prove the existence of God generally.

Note also that all of these hypothetical formal systems tell us nothing about
the actual existence of God; the formal systems are just abstractions.

Another frequent claim is that Godel's Incompleteness Theorem demonstrates
that a religious text (the Bible, the Book of Mormon or whatever) cannot be
both consistent and universally applicable. Religious texts are not formal
systems, so such claims are nonsense.

------------------------------

Subject: George Bush on atheism and patriotism

Typical posting:

Did George Bush really say that atheists should not be considered citizens?

Response:

The following exchange took place at the Chicago airport between Robert I.
Sherman of American Atheist Press and George Bush, on August 27 1988. Sherman
is a fully accredited reporter, and was present by invitation as a member of
the press corps.  The Republican presidential nominee was there to announce
federal disaster relief for Illinois.  The discussion turned to the
presidential primary:

 RS: "What will you do to win the votes of Americans who are atheists?"

 GB: "I guess I'm pretty weak in the atheist community.  Faith in
      God is important to me."

 RS: "Surely you recognize the equal citizenship and patriotism of
      Americans who are atheists?"

 GB: "No, I don't know that atheists should be considered as citizens,
      nor should they be considered patriots.  This is one nation under
      God."

 RS: "Do you support as a sound constitutional principle the separation
      of state and church?"

 GB: "Yes, I support the separation of church and state.  I'm just not
      very high on atheists."

UPI reported on May 8, 1989, that various atheist organizations were
still angry over the remarks.

The exchange appeared in the Boulder Daily Camera on Monday February 27,
1989.  It can also be found in "Free Enquiry" magazine, Fall 1988 issue,
Volume 8, Number 4, page 16.

On October 29, 1988, Mr. Sherman had a confrontation with Ed Murnane,
cochairman of the Bush-Quayle '88 Illinois campaign.  This concerned a
lawsuit Mr. Sherman had filed to stop the Community Consolidated School
District 21 (Chicago, Illinois) from forcing his first-grade Atheist son to
pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States as "one nation under God"
(Bush's phrase).  The following conversation took place:
 
 RS: "American Atheists filed the Pledge of Allegiance lawsuit yesterday.
      Does the Bush campaign have an official response to this filing?"
 
 EM: "It's bullshit."
 
 RS: "What is bullshit?"
 
 EM: "Everything that American Atheists does, Rob, is bullshit."
 
 RS: "Thank you for telling me what the official position of the Bush
      campaign is on this issue."

 EM: "You're welcome."

After Bush's election, American Atheists wrote to Bush asking him to retract
his statement.  On February 21st 1989, C. Boyden Gray, Counsel to the
President, replied on White House stationery that Bush substantively stood by
his original statement, and wrote:

  "As you are aware, the President is a religious man who neither supports
   atheism nor believes that atheism should be unnecessarily encouraged or
   supported by the government."

For further information, contact American Atheist Veterans at the American
Atheist Press's Cameron Road address.

------------------------------

Subject: I know where hell is!

Typical posting:

I know where Hell is!  Hell is in Norway!

Response:

There are several towns called "Hell" in various countries around the
world, including Norway and the USA.  Whilst this information is mildly
amusing the first time one hears it, readers of alt.atheism are now 
getting pretty fed up with hearing it every week.

------------------------------

Subject: Biblical contradictions wanted

Typical posting:

Does anyone have a list of Biblical contradictions?

Response:
 
American Atheist Press publish an atheist's handbook detailing Biblical
contradictions. See the accompanying posting on Atheist Resources for
details.

There is a file containing some Biblical contradictions available from the
archive-server@mantis.co.uk. See the contacts file for more information.

------------------------------

Subject: The USA is a Christian nation

Typical posting:

Because of the religious beliefs of the founding fathers, shouldn't the
United States be considered a Christian nation?

Response:

Based upon the writings of several important founding fathers, it is clear
that they never intended the US to be a Christian nation.  Here are some
quotes; there are many more.

  "What influence, in fact, have ecclesiastical establishments had on society?
   In some instances they have been seen to erect a spiritual tyranny on the
   ruins of the civil authority; on many instances they have been seen
   upholding the thrones of political tyranny; in no instance have they been
   the guardians of the liberties of the people.  Rulers who wish to subvert
   the public liberty may have found an established clergy convenient
   auxiliaries. A just government, instituted to secure and perpetuate it,
   needs them not."
      - James Madison, "A Memorial and Remonstrance", 1785

  "I almost shudder at the thought of alluding to the most fatal example of
   the abuses of grief which the history of mankind has preserved--the Cross.
   Consider what calamities that engine of grief has produced!"
      - John Adams, in a letter to Thomas Jefferson

  "History I believe furnishes no example of a priest-ridden people
   maintaining a free civil government.  This marks the lowest grade of
   ignorance, of which their political as well as religious leaders will
   always avail themselves for their own purpose."

      - Thomas Jefferson to Baron von Humboldt, 1813

  "I cannot conceive otherwise than that He, the Infinite Father, expects or
   requires no worship or praise from us, but that He is even infinitely
   above it."

      - Benjamin Franklin, from "Articles of Belief and Acts of Religion",
        Nov. 20, 1728

------------------------------

Subject: The USA is not a Christian nation

Typical posting:

Is it true that George Washington said that the United States is not in any
sense founded upon the Christian religion?

Response:

No.  The quotation often given is in fact from Article XI of the 1797 Treaty
of Tripoli (8 Stat 154, Treaty Series 358):

   Article 11

   As the government of the United States of America is not in any sense
   founded on the Christian Religion, -- as it has in itself no character of
   enmity against the laws, religion or tranquility of Musselmen, -- and as
   the said States never have entered into any war or act of hostility
   against any Mehomitan nation, it is declared by the parties that no
   pretext arising from religious opinions shall ever produce an interruption
   of the harmony existing between the two countries.

The text may be found in the Congressional Record or in treaty collections
such as Charles Bevans' "Treaties and Other International Agreements of the
United States of America 1776-1949", vol. 11 (pp. 1070-1080).

The English text of the Treaty of Tripoli was approved by the U.S. Senate on
June 7, 1797 and ratified by President John Adams on June 10, 1797.  It was
recently discovered that the Arabic version of the treaty not only lacks the
quotation, it lacks Article XI altogether.

The person who translated the Arabic to English was Joel Barlow, Consul
General at Algiers, a close friend of Thomas Paine -- and an opponent of
Christianity.  It is possible that Barlow made up Article XI, but since there
is no Arabic version of that article to be found, it's hard to say.

In 1806 a new Treaty of Tripoli was ratified which no longer contained the
quotation.


End of FAQ Digest
*****************
�

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Constructing a Logical Argument

Archive-name: atheism/logic
Alt-atheism-archive-name: logic
Last-modified: 5 April 1993
Version: 1.4

                       Constructing a Logical Argument

Although there is much argument on Usenet, the general quality of argument
found is poor.  This article attempts to provide a gentle introduction to
logic, in the hope of improving the general level of debate.

Logic is the science of reasoning, proof, thinking, or inference [Concise
OED].  Logic allows us to analyze a piece of reasoning and determine whether
it is correct or not (valid or invalid).  Of course, one does not need to
study logic in order to reason correctly; nevertheless, a little basic
knowledge of logic is often helpful when constructing or analyzing an
argument.

Note that no claim is being made here about whether logic is universally
applicable.  The matter is very much open for debate.  This document merely
explains how to use logic, given that you have already decided that logic is
the right tool for the job.

Propositions (or statements) are the building blocks of a logical argument. A
proposition is a statement which is either true or false; for example, "It is
raining" or "Today is Tuesday".  Propositions may be either asserted (said to
be true) or denied (said to be false).  Note that this is a technical meaning
of "deny", not the everyday meaning.

The proposition is the meaning of the statement, not the particular
arrangement of words used to express it.  So "God exists" and "There exists a
God" both express the same proposition.

An argument is, to quote the Monty Python sketch, "a connected series of
statements to establish a definite proposition".  An argument consists of
three stages.

First of all, the propositions which are necessary for the argument to
continue are stated.  These are called the premises of the argument.  They
are the evidence or reasons for accepting the argument and its conclusions. 

Premises (or assertions) are often indicated by phrases such as "because",
"since", "obviously" and so on.  (The phrase "obviously" is often viewed with
suspicion, as it can be used to intimidate others into accepting suspicious
premises.  If something doesn't seem obvious to you, don't be afraid to
question it.  You can always say "Oh, yes, you're right, it is obvious" when
you've heard the explanation.)

Next, the premises are used to derive further propositions by a process known
as inference.  In inference, one proposition is arrived at on the basis of
one or more other propositions already accepted.  There are various forms of
valid inference.

The propositions arrived at by inference may then be used in further
inference.  Inference is often denoted by phrases such as "implies that" or
"therefore".

Finally, we arrive at the conclusion of the argument -- the proposition which
is affirmed on the basis of the premises and inference.  Conclusions are often
indicated by phrases such as "therefore", "it follows that", "we conclude"
and so on.  The conclusion is often stated as the final stage of inference.

For example:

Every event has a cause (premise)
The universe has a beginning (premise)
All beginnings involve an event (premise)
This implies that the beginning of the universe involved an event (inference)
Therefore the universe has a cause (inference and conclusion)

Note that the conclusion of one argument might be a premise in another
argument.  A proposition can only be called a premise or a conclusion with
respect to a particular argument; the terms do not make sense in isolation.

Sometimes an argument will not follow the order given above; for example,
the conclusions might be stated first and the premises stated 
afterwards in support of the conclusion.  This is perfectly valid, if 
sometimes a little confusing.

Recognizing an argument is much harder than recognizing premises or
conclusions.  Many people shower their writing with assertions without ever
producing anything which one might reasonably describe as an argument.  Some
statements look like arguments, but are not.  For example:

"If the Bible is accurate, Jesus must either have been insane, an evil liar,
 or the Son of God."

This is not an argument, it is a conditional statement.  It does not assert
the premises which are necessary to support what appears to be its 
conclusion.  (It also suffers from a number of other logical flaws, but we'll
come to those later.)

Another example:

"God created you; therefore do your duty to God."

The phrase "do your duty to God" is not a proposition, since it is neither
true nor false.  Therefore it is not a conclusion, and the sentence is not an
argument.

Finally, causality is important.  Consider a statement of the form "A because
B".  If we're interested in establishing A and B is offered as evidence, the
statement is an argument.  If we're trying to establish the truth of B, then
it is not an argument, it is an explanation.

For example:

"There must be something wrong with the engine of my car, because it will not
 start." -- This is an argument.

"My car will not start because there is something wrong with the engine."
 -- This is an explanation.

There are two traditional types of argument, deductive and inductive.  A
deductive argument is one which provides conclusive proof of its conclusions
-- that is, an argument where if the premises are true, the conclusion must
also be true.  A deductive argument is either valid or invalid.  A valid
argument is defined as one where if the premises are true, then the
conclusion is true.

An inductive argument is one where the premises provide some evidence for the
truth of the conclusion.  Inductive arguments are not valid or invalid;
however, we can talk about whether they are better or worse than other
arguments, and about how probable their premises are.

There are forms of argument in ordinary language which are neither deductive
nor inductive.  However, we will concentrate for the moment on deductive
arguments, as they are often viewed as the most rigorous and convincing.

It is important to note that the fact that a deductive argument is valid does
not imply that its conclusion holds.  This is because of the slightly 
counter-intuitive nature of implication, which we must now consider more
carefully.

Obviously a valid argument can consist of true propositions.  However, an
argument may be entirely valid even if it contains only false propositions. 
For example:

   All insects have wings (premise)
   Woodlice are insects (premise)
   Therefore woodlice have wings (conclusion)

Here, the conclusion is not true because the argument's premises are false. 
If the argument's premises were true, however, the conclusion would be true. 
The argument is thus entirely valid.

More subtly, we can reach a true conclusion from one or more false premises,
as in:

   All fish live in the sea (premise)
   Dolphins are fish (premise)
   Therefore dolphins live in the sea (conclusion)

However, the one thing we cannot do is reach a false conclusion through valid
inference from true premises.  We can therefore draw up a "truth table" for
implication.

The symbol "=>" denotes implication; "A" is the premise, "B" the conclusion. 
"T" and "F" represent true and false respectively.

Premise Conclusion Inference
   A        B        A=>B
----------------------------
   F        F         T      If the premises are false and the inference
   F        T         T      valid, the conclusion can be true or false.

   T        F         F      If the premises are true and the conclusion
                             false, the inference must be invalid.

   T        T         T      If the premises are true and the inference valid,
                             the conclusion must be true.

A sound argument is a valid argument whose premises are true.  A sound 
argument therefore arrives at a true conclusion.  Be careful not to confuse
valid arguments with sound arguments.

To delve further into the structure of logical arguments would require
lengthy discussion of linguistics and philosophy.  It is simpler and probably
more useful to summarize the major pitfalls to be avoided when constructing
an argument.  These pitfalls are known as fallacies.

In everyday English the term "fallacy" is used to refer to mistaken beliefs
as well as to the faulty reasoning that leads to those beliefs.  This is fair
enough, but in logic the term is generally used to refer to a form of
technically incorrect argument, especially if the argument appears valid or
convincing.

So for the purposes of this discussion, we define a fallacy as a logical
argument which appears to be correct, but which can be seen to be incorrect
when examined more closely.  By studying fallacies we aim to avoid being
misled by them.  The following list of fallacies is not intended to be
exhaustive.

ARGUMENTUM AD BACULUM (APPEAL TO FORCE)

The Appeal to Force is committed when the arguer resorts to force or the
threat of force in order to try and push the acceptance of a conclusion.  It
is often used by politicians, and can be summarized as "might makes right". 
The force threatened need not be a direct threat from the arguer.

For example:
"... Thus there is ample proof of the truth of the Bible.  All those who
refuse to accept that truth will burn in Hell."

ARGUMENTUM AD HOMINEM

Argumentum ad hominem is literally "argument directed at the man".

The Abusive variety of Argumentum ad Hominem occurs when, instead of trying
to disprove the truth of an assertion, the arguer attacks the person or
people making the assertion.  This is invalid because the truth of an
assertion does not depend upon the goodness of those asserting it.

For example:
"Atheism is an evil philosophy.  It is practised by Communists and murderers."

Sometimes in a court of law doubt is cast upon the testimony of a witness by 
showing, for example, that he is a known perjurer.  This is a valid way of
reducing the credibility of the testimony given by the witness, and not
argumentum ad hominem; however, it does not demonstrate that the witness's
testimony is false.  To conclude otherwise is to fall victim of the
Argumentum ad Ignorantiam (see elsewhere in this list).

The circumstantial form of Argumentum ad Hominem is committed when a person
argues that his opponent ought to accept the truth of an assertion because of
the opponent's particular circumstances.

For example:
"It is perfectly acceptable to kill animals for food.  How can you argue
otherwise when you're quite happy to wear leather shoes?"

This is an abusive charge of inconsistency, used as an excuse for dismissing
the opponent's argument.

This fallacy can also be used as a means of rejecting a conclusion.  For 
example:

"Of course you would argue that positive discrimination is a bad thing. 
You're white."

This particular form of Argumentum ad Hominem, when one alleges that one's
adversary is rationalizing a conclusion formed from selfish interests, is
also known as "poisoning the well".

ARGUMENTUM AD IGNORANTIUM

Argumentum ad ignorantium means "argument from ignorance".  This fallacy
occurs whenever it is argued that something must be true simply because it
has not been proved false.  Or, equivalently, when it is argued that
something must be false because it has not been proved true.  (Note that this
is not the same as assuming that something is false until it has been proved
true, a basic scientific principle.)

Examples:
"Of course the Bible is true.  Nobody can prove otherwise."

"Of course telepathy and other psychic phenomena do not exist.  Nobody has
shown any proof that they are real."

Note that this fallacy does not apply in a court of law, where one is
generally assumed innocent until proven guilty.

Also, in scientific investigation if it is known that an event would produce
certain evidence of its having occurred, the absence of such evidence can 
validly be used to infer that the event did not occur.  For example:

"A flood as described in the Bible would require an enormous volume of water
to be present on the earth.  The earth does not have a tenth as much water,
even if we count that which is frozen into ice at the poles.  Therefore no
such flood occurred."

In science, we can validly assume from lack of evidence that something has
not occurred.  We cannot conclude with certainty that it has not occurred,
however.

ARGUMENTUM AD MISERICORDIAM

This is the Appeal to Pity, also known as Special Pleading.  The fallacy is 
committed when the arguer appeals to pity for the sake of getting a 
conclusion accepted.  For example:

"I did not murder my mother and father with an axe.  Please don't find me
guilty; I'm suffering enough through being an orphan."

ARGUMENTUM AD POPULUM

This is known as Appealing to the Gallery, or Appealing to the People.  To
commit this fallacy is to attempt to win acceptance of an assertion by
appealing to a large group of people.  This form of fallacy is often
characterized by emotive language.  For example:

"Pornography must be banned.  It is violence against women."

"The Bible must be true.  Millions of people know that it is.  Are you trying
to tell them that they are all mistaken fools?"

ARGUMENTUM AD NUMERAM

This fallacy is closely related to the argumentum ad populum.  It consists of
asserting that the more people who support or believe a proposition, the more
likely it is that that proposition is correct.

ARGUMENTUM AD VERECUNDIAM

The Appeal to Authority uses the admiration of the famous to try and win
support for an assertion.  For example:

"Isaac Newton was a genius and he believed in God."

This line of argument is not always completely bogus; for example, reference
to an admitted authority in a particular field may be relevant to a
discussion of that subject.  For example, we can distinguish quite clearly
between:

"Stephen Hawking has concluded that black holes give off radiation"
and
"John Searle has concluded that it is impossible to build an intelligent
 computer"

Hawking is a physicist, and so we can reasonably expect his opinions on black
hole radiation to be informed.  Searle is a linguist, so it is questionable 
whether he is well-qualified to speak on the subject of machine intelligence.

THE FALLACY OF ACCIDENT

The Fallacy of Accident is committed when a general rule is applied to a
particular case whose "accidental" circumstances mean that the rule is
inapplicable.  It is the error made when one goes from the general to the
specific.  For example:

"Christians generally dislike atheists.  You are a Christian, so you must
dislike atheists."

This fallacy is often committed by moralists and legalists who try to decide
every moral and legal question by mechanically applying general rules.

CONVERSE ACCIDENT / HASTY GENERALIZATION

This fallacy is the reverse of the fallacy of accident.  It occurs when one
forms a general rule by examining only a few specific cases which are not
representative of all possible cases.

For example:
"Jim Bakker was an insincere Christian.  Therefore all Christians are
insincere."

SWEEPING GENERALIZATION / DICTO SIMPLICITER

A sweeping generalization occurs when a general rule is applied to a
particular situation in which the features of that particular situation
render the rule inapplicable.  A sweeping generalization is the opposite of a
hasty generalization.

NON CAUSA PRO CAUSA / POST HOC ERGO PROPTER HOC

These are known as False Cause fallacies.

The fallacy of Non Causa Pro Causa occurs when one identifies something as the
cause of an event but it has not actually been shown to be the cause.  For 
example:

"I took an aspirin and prayed to God, and my headache disappeared.  So God
cured me of the headache."

The fallacy of Post Hoc Ergo Propter Hoc occurs when something is assumed to
be the cause of an event merely because it happened before the event.  For 
example:

"The Soviet Union collapsed after taking up atheism.  Therefore we must avoid
atheism for the same reasons."

CUM HOC ERGO PROPTER HOC

This fallacy is similar to post hoc ergo propter hoc.  It asserts that
because two events occur together, they must be causally related, and leaves
no room for other factors that may be the cause(s) of the events.

PETITIO PRINCIPII

This fallacy occurs when the premises are at least as questionable as the
conclusion reached.

CIRCULUS IN DEMONSTRANDO

This fallacy occurs when one assumes as a premise the conclusion which one
wishes to reach.  Often, the proposition will be rephrased so that the
fallacy appears to be a valid argument.  For example:

"Homosexuals must not be allowed to hold government office.  Hence any
government official who is revealed to be a homosexual will lose his job. 
Therefore homosexuals will do anything to hide their secret, and will be open
to blackmail.  Therefore homosexuals cannot be allowed to hold government
office."

Note that the argument is entirely circular; the premise is the same as the 
conclusion.  An argument like the above has actually been cited as the reason
for the British Secret Services' official ban on homosexual employees. 
Another example is the classic:

"We know that God exists because the Bible tells us so.  And we know that the
Bible is true because it is the word of God."

COMPLEX QUESTION / FALLACY OF INTERROGATION

This is the Fallacy of Presupposition.  One example is the classic loaded 
question:

"Have you stopped beating your wife?"

The question presupposes a definite answer to another question which has not
even been asked.  This trick is often used by lawyers in cross-examination,
when they ask questions like:

"Where did you hide the money you stole?"

Similarly, politicians often ask loaded questions such as:

"How long will this EC interference in our affairs be allowed to continue?"
or
"Does the Chancellor plan two more years of ruinous privatization?"

IGNORATIO ELENCHI

The fallacy of Irrelevant Conclusion consists of claiming that an argument 
supports a particular conclusion when it is actually logically nothing to do
with that conclusion.

For example, a Christian may begin by saying that he will argue that the
teachings of Christianity are undoubtably true.  If he then argues at length
that Christianity is of great help to many people, no matter how well he
argues he will not have shown that Christian teachings are true.

Sadly, such fallacious arguments are often successful because they arouse
emotions which cause others to view the supposed conclusion in a more
favourable light.

EQUIVOCATION

Equivocation occurs when a key word is used with two or more different
meanings in the same argument.  For example:

"What could be more affordable than free software?  But to make sure that it
remains free, that users can do what they like with it, we must place a
license on it to make sure that will always be freely redistributable."

AMPHIBOLY

Amphiboly occurs when the premises used in an argument are ambiguous because
of careless or ungrammatical phrasing.

ACCENT

Accent is another form of fallacy through shifting meaning.  In this case,
the meaning is changed by altering which parts of a statement are
emphasized.  For example, consider:

"We should not speak ILL of our friends"
and
"We should not speak ill of our FRIENDS"

FALLACIES OF COMPOSITION

One fallacy of composition is to conclude that a property shared by the parts
of something must apply to the whole.  For example:

"The bicycle is made entirely of low mass components, and is therefore very 
lightweight."

The other fallacy of composition is to conclude that a property of a number
of individual items is shared by a collection of those items.  For example:

"A car uses less petrol and causes less pollution than a bus.  Therefore cars
are less environmentally damaging than buses."

FALLACY OF DIVISION

The fallacy of division is the opposite of the fallacy of composition.  Like
its opposite, it exists in two varieties.  The first is to assume that a
property of some thing must apply to its parts.  For example:

"You are studying at a rich college.  Therefore you must be rich."

The other is to assume that a property of a collection of items is shared by
each item.  For example:

"Ants can destroy a tree.  Therefore this ant can destroy a tree."

THE SLIPPERY SLOPE ARGUMENT

This argument states that should one event occur, so will other harmful
events.  There is no proof made that the harmful events are caused by the
first event.

For example:
"If we legalize marijuana, then we would have to legalize crack and heroin
and we'll have a nation full of drug-addicts on welfare.  Therefore we cannot
legalize marijuana."

"A IS BASED ON B" FALLACIES / "IS A TYPE OF" FALLACIES

These fallacies occur when one attempts to argue that things are in some way
similar without actually specifying in what way they are similar.

Examples:
"Isn't history based upon faith?  If so, then isn't the Bible also a form of
history?"

"Islam is based on faith, Christianity is based on faith, so isn't Islam a
form of Christianity?"

"Cats are a form of animal based on carbon chemistry, dogs are a form of
animal based on carbon chemistry, so aren't dogs a form of cat?"

AFFIRMATION OF THE CONSEQUENT

This fallacy is an argument of the form "A implies B, B is true, therefore A
is true".  To understand why it is a fallacy, examine the truth table for
implication given earlier.

DENIAL OF THE ANTECEDENT

This fallacy is an argument of the form "A implies B, A is false, therefore B
is false".  Again, the truth table for implication makes it clear why this is
a fallacy.

Note that this fallacy is different from Non Causa Pro Causa; the latter has
the form "A implies B, A is false, therefore B is false", where A does NOT in
fact imply B at all.  Here, the problem is not that the implication is
invalid; rather it is that the falseness of A does not allow us to deduce
anything about B.

CONVERTING A CONDITIONAL

This fallacy is an argument of the form "If A then B, therefore if B then A".

ARGUMENTUM AD ANTIQUITAM

This is the fallacy of asserting that something is right or good simply
because it is old, or because "that's the way it's always been."

ARGUMENTUM AD NOVITAM

This is the opposite of the argumentum ad antiquitam; it is the fallacy of
asserting that something is more correct simply because it is new or newer
than something else.

ARGUMENTUM AD CRUMENAM

The fallacy of believing that money is a criterion of correctness; that those
with more money are more likely to be right.

ARGUMENTUM AD LAZARUM

The fallacy of assuming that because someone is poor he or she is sounder or
more virtuous than one who is wealthier.  This fallacy is the opposite of the
argumentum ad crumenam.

ARGUMENTUM AD NAUSEAM

This is the incorrect belief that an assertion is more likely to be true the
more often it is heard.  An "argumentum ad nauseum" is one that employs
constant repetition in asserting something.

BIFURCATION

Also referred to as the "black and white" fallacy, bifurcation occurs when
one presents a situation as having only two alternatives, where in fact other
alternatives exist or can exist.

PLURIUM INTERROGATIONUM / MANY QUESTIONS

This fallacy occurs when a questioner demands a simple answer to a complex
question.

NON SEQUITUR

A non-sequitur is an argument where the conclusion is drawn from premises
which are not logically connected with it.

RED HERRING

This fallacy is committed when irrelevant material is introduced to the issue
being discussed, so that everyone's attention is diverted away from the
points being made, towards a different conclusion.

REIFICATION / HYPOSTATIZATION

Reification occurs when an abstract concept is treated as a concrete thing.

SHIFTING THE BURDEN OF PROOF

The burden of proof is always on the person making an assertion or
proposition.  Shifting the burden of proof, a special case of argumentum ad
ignorantium, is the fallacy of putting the burden of proof on the person who
denies or questions the assertion being made.  The source of the fallacy is
the assumption that something is true unless proven otherwise.

STRAW MAN

The straw man fallacy is to misrepresent someone else's position so that it
can be attacked more easily, then to knock down that misrepresented position,
then to conclude that the original position has been demolished.  It is a
fallacy because it fails to deal with the actual arguments that have been
made.

THE EXTENDED ANALOGY

The fallacy of the Extended Analogy often occurs when some suggested general
rule is being argued over.  The fallacy is to assume that mentioning two 
different situations, in an argument about a general rule, constitutes a 
claim that those situations are analogous to each other.

This fallacy is best explained using a real example from a debate about 
anti-cryptography legislation:

"I believe it is always wrong to oppose the law by breaking it."

"Such a position is odious: it implies that you would not have supported
 Martin Luther King."

"Are you saying that cryptography legislation is as important as the
 struggle for Black liberation?  How dare you!"

TU QUOQUE

This is the famous "you too" fallacy.  It occurs when an action is argued to
be acceptable because the other party has performed it.  For instance:

"You're just being randomly abusive."
"So?  You've been abusive too."

�

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Overview for New Readers

Archive-name: atheism/overview
Alt-atheism-archive-name: overview
Last-modified: 5 April 1993
Version: 1.2

                                   Overview

Welcome to alt.atheism and alt.atheism.moderated.

This is the first in a series of regular postings aimed at new readers of the
newsgroups.

Many groups of a 'controversial' nature have noticed that new readers often
come up with the same questions, mis-statements or misconceptions and post
them to the net.  In addition, people often request information which has
been posted time and time again.  In order to try and cut down on this, the
alt.atheism groups have a series of five regular postings under the following
titles:

   1.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Overview for New Readers
   2.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Introduction to Atheism
   3.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
   4.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Constructing a Logical Argument
   5.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Atheist Resources

This is article number 1.  Please read numbers 2 and 3 before posting.  The
others are entirely optional.

If you are new to Usenet, you may also find it helpful to read the newsgroup
news.announce.newusers.  The articles titled "A Primer on How to Work With
the Usenet Community", "Answers to Frequently Asked Questions about Usenet"
and "Hints on writing style for Usenet" are particularly relevant.  Questions
concerning how news works are best asked in news.newusers.questions.

If you are unable to find any of the articles listed above, see the "Finding
Stuff" section below.


                                   Credits

These files could not have been written without the assistance of the many
readers of alt.atheism and alt.atheism.moderated.  In particular, I'd like to
thank the following people:

kck+@cs.cmu.edu (Karl Kluge)
perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
NETOPRWA@ncsuvm.cc.ncsu.edu (Wayne Aiken)
chpetk@gdr.bath.ac.uk (Toby Kelsey)
jkp@cs.HUT.FI (Jyrki Kuoppala)
geoff.arnold@East.Sun.COM (Geoff Arnold)
torkel@sics.se (Torkel Franzen)
kmldorf@utdallas.edu (George Kimeldorf)
roe2@quads.uchicago.edu (Greg Roelofs)
arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee)
madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
J5J@psuvm.psu.edu (John A. Johnson)
dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham)
mayne@open.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne)
ajr@bigbird.hri.com (Andy Rosen)
stoesser@ira.uka.de (Achim Stoesser)
bosullvn@unix1.tcd.ie (Bryan O'Sullivan)
lippard@ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)
s1b3832@rigel.tamu.edu (S. Baum)
ydobyns@phoenix.princeton.edu (York H. Dobyns)
schroede@sdsc.edu (Wayne Schroeder)
baldwin@csservera.usna.navy.mil (J.D. Baldwin)
D_NIBBY@unhh.unh.edu (Dana Nibby)
dempsey@Kodak.COM (Richard C. Dempsey)
jmunch@hertz,elee.calpoly.edu (John David Munch)
pdc@dcs.ed.ac.uk (Paul Crowley)
rz@mips.complang.tuwien.ac.at (Richard Zach)
tycchow@math.mit.edu (Tim Chow)
simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale)

...and countless others I've forgotten.

These articles are free.  Truly free.  You may copy them and distribute them
to anyone you wish.  However, please send any changes or corrections to the
author, and please do not re-post copies of the articles to alt.atheism; it
does nobody any good to have multiple versions of the same document floating
around the network.


                                Finding Stuff

All of the FAQ files *should* be somewhere on your news system.  Here are
some suggestions on what to do if you can't find them:

1. Check the newsgroup alt.atheism.  Look for subject lines starting with
   "Alt.Atheism FAQ:".

2. Check the newsgroup news.answers for the same subject lines.

   If you don't find anything in steps 1 or 2, your news system isn't set up
   correctly, and you may wish to tell your system administrator about the
   problem.

3. If you have anonymous FTP access, connect to rtfm.mit.edu [18.172.1.27].
   Go to the directory /pub/usenet/alt.atheism, and you'll find the latest
   versions of the FAQ files there.

   FTP is a a way of copying files between networked computers.  If you
   need help in using or getting started with FTP, send e-mail to
   mail-server@rtfm.mit.edu with

      send usenet/news.answers/ftp-list/faq

   in the body.

4. There are other sites which also carry news.answers postings.  The article
   "Introduction to the news.answers newsgroup" carries a list of these
   sites; the article is posted regularly to news.answers.

5. If you don't have FTP, send mail to mail-server@rtfm.mit.edu
   consisting of the following lines:

      send usenet/news.answers/finding-sources
      send usenet/alt.atheism/faq
      send usenet/alt.atheism/introduction
      send usenet/alt.atheism/logic
      send usenet/alt.atheism/resources

5. (Penultimate resort)  Send mail to mail-server@mantis.co.uk consisting of
   the following lines:

      send atheism/faq/faq.txt
      send atheism/faq/logic.txt
      send atheism/faq/intro.txt
      send atheism/faq/resource.txt

   and our poor overworked modems will try and send you a copy of the files.
   There's other stuff, too; interesting commands to try are "help" and
   "send atheism/index".

6. (Last resort)  Mail mathew@mantis.co.uk, or post an article to the
   newsgroup asking how you can get the FAQ files.  You should only do this
   if you've tried the above methods and they've failed; it's not nice to
   clutter the newsgroup or people's mailboxes with requests for files.
   it's better than posting without reading the FAQ, though!  For instance,
   people whose email addresses get mangled in transit and who don't have 
   FTP will probably need assistance obtaining the FAQ files.


mathew
�

From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

>DATE:   18 Apr 93 23:17:25 GMT
>FROM:   Bake Timmons <timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu>
>
>	These Bible-lovers have got to chill out.  If we all could just relax
>and see atheism for what it is, the funny pages could have more material.
>
>	Atheism denies the existence of God.  This is logically bankrupt --
>where is the proof of this nonexistence?  It's a joke.
>
>	So nobody can take the above sense of atheism seriously.  Perhaps

Perhaps because you just made it up?

Now put your skateboard away and read the FAQ.  Learn something about atheism
before you get off on these tangents.





From: tclark@tlcslip.uncecs.edu (Thomas B. Clark)
Subject: Re: "So help you God" in court?  

I don't think there is really any question about which god the courts
mean.  The request for solemnly swearing, so help you god,
 is always made after a request to pick up the bible in your left hand
and hold up your right hand.  In the courts of NC, at least, it is always
an old and new testament.

Though it is hard to imagine, picking up the bible and swearing to (whatever)
god is sometimes the least of the religious influence.  There is a court in
Greensboro, NC, where the judge routinely has everyone in the courtroom
stand to join him in prayer at the beginning of every session.  I've thought about
sitting through it, but I'm not terribly anxious to spend 30 days in jail...

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Nicknames

In article <1993Apr18.231914.143616@zeus.calpoly.edu>,
jmunch@hertz.elee.calpoly.edu (John Munch) wrote:
> >Mathew "FAQ" can't remember his last name
> >Keith "Lie Tally .sig" Ryan
> >Kent "Finn-tastic" Sandvick
> >Cindy "Popsicle Toes" Kandolf
> >Jim "Face .sig" Tims
> >Simon "Clip-that-theist" Clippendale
> >Umar "Reasonable" Khan
> >Rob "Argue with G-d" Strom
> >Dave "Buckminster" Fuller
> >Maddi "Never a useful post" Hausmann
> 
> Hey, what about an affectionate nickname for me?

You could take my wrongly spelled surname :-).

Cheers,
Kent Sandvik
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: schlegel@cwis.unomaha.edu (Mark Schlegel)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:

>	Atheism denies the existence of God.  This is logically bankrupt --
>where is the proof of this nonexistence?  It's a joke.

 This is one of my favorite fallacious points against atheism, i.e. the 
 belief that you can't deny anything that you can't prove doesn't exist.
 This is easily nailed by showing that an infinite number of beings are
 conceivable but not observed to exist, does this mean that we would have
 to believe in all of them?  According to the above poster, we must believe
 in objects or beings that haven't been proved not to exist so why stop at
 God?   (there could be a huge number of beings identical to Ronald Reagan
 except for trivial differences, say one is missing a finger, one has blond
 hair,... and they all live  on other planets so we can't see them)  The 
 reason no one but atheists bring this up is that none of these christians
 have a vested interest in these unknown beings with the exception of God.

>Fine, but why do these people shoot themselves in the foot and mock the idea of
>a God?  Here again is a classic atheist fallacy.

 How did they shoot themselves in the foot?

>	Radical Muslims, the Crusades, the Inquisition are common examples that
>atheists like to bring up as marks against religion.  How weak!  Only fools can
>take that drivel seriously.  How about the grand-daddy of all human atrocities,
>the Stalinist movement?
>	Twenty eight MILLION people _killed_ under this leadership, which
>proudly featured atheism.

  There is a big difference here, Stalin didn't say that he stood for a 
  particular moral position (i.e. against murder and terrorism, etc.) and
  then did the opposite (like the religious movements), he was at least
  an honest killer.  (This is NOT a support of Stalin but an attack on this
  viewpoint).  Saying that atheism supports murder and violence just because
  one man was a tyrant and an atheist is just bad logic, look at all the
  russians that helped Stalin that weren't atheists - don't they contradict
  your point?  Besides your point assumes that his atheism was relevant
  to his murdering people, this is just the common assumption that atheists
  can't value life as much as theists (which you didn't support).  

>	Agnostics are not as funny because they are more reasonable.  Yet
>they do in some sense seem funny because they believe that the existence of God
>is unknowable.  This in itself is every bit the assumption that atheism is,
>though it's less arrogant and pompous.

 Ah, and here's another point you didn't get out of the FAQ.  An atheist
 doesn't have to hold the positive view that god doesn't exist, he/she may
 just have the non-existence of the positive belief.  Here's the example:
 
 Strong atheism - "I believe god does not exist"   a positive belief

 Weak atheism   - "I don't believe in a god"       a negative belief
 
 these are NOT the same, some one that has never thought of the idea of
 god in their whole life is technically an atheist, but not the kind that
 you are calling unreasonable.  Or let's look at it this way (in sets)
 
 suppose that a given person has a huge set of ideas that I will represent
 as capital letters and these people then either believe that these ideas
 exist as real objects or not.  So if S = santa, then E(S)= no is the person
 not believing in santa but still having the idea of santa.  But notice that
 even E(S) = no  is itself another idea!  This means you have lots of cases:
 
 christian :  (A,E(A)=yes,B,E(B)=no,  . . . G,E(G)=yes......) where G = god
 
 atheist (strong) : (A,E(A). . . . .G,E(G)=no)
 
 atheist (weak) : (A,.....E)     i.e. no G at all in the set
 
 agnostic :  (A,.......G, E(G) = indeterminate, E', ....) 


>	Why are people so afraid to say "undecided"?  It must just be another
>feature of human nature -- "undecided" is not a sexy, trendy, or glamorous
>word.  It does not inspire much hate or conflict.  It's not blasphemous.
>It's not political.  In fact it is too often taken to mean unsophisticated.

 Nietzsche once said that a man would rather will nonexistence than not
  will at all but the darwinist way to put this is that humanity always 
  prefers no or yes to a maybe because indecision is not a useful survival
  trait, evolution has drilled it in us to take positions, even false ones.


>Bake Timmons, III

M.S.

From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Christian Morality is

In <11836@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>In article <C5L1Ey.Jts@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
Cobb) writes:
>>In <11825@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) 
writes:
>>
>>
>>>  Actually, my atheism is based on ignorance.  Ignorance of the
>>>  existence of any god.  Don't fall into the "atheists don't believe
>>>  because of their pride" mistake.
>>
>>How do you know it's based on ignorance, couldn't that be wrong? Why would it
>>be wrong 
>>to fall into the trap that you mentioned? 
>>

>  If I'm wrong, god is free at any time to correct my mistake.  That
>  he continues not to do so, while supposedly proclaiming his
>  undying love for my eternal soul, speaks volumes.

What are the volumes that it speaks besides the fact that he leaves your 
choices up to you?

>  As for the trap, you are not in a position to tell me that I don't
>  believe in god because I do not wish to.  Unless you can know my
>  motivations better than I do myself, you should believe me when I
>  say that I earnestly searched for god for years and never found
>  him.

I definitely agree that it's rather presumptuous for either "side" to give some
psychological reasoning for another's belief.

MAC
>/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

>Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

>They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
>and sank Manhattan out at sea.

>^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

From: wilkins@scubed.com (Darin Wilkins)
Subject: Re: KORESH IS GOD!

>>FROM:   mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
>>The latest news seems to be that Koresh will give himself up once he's
>>finished writing a sequel to the Bible.

In article <2944079995.1.p00261@psilink.com> "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
>Writing the Seven Seals or something along those lines.  He's already
>written the first of the Seven which was around 30 pages or so and has
>handed it over to an assistant for PROOFREADING!.  I would expect any
>decent messiah to have a built-in spellchecker.  Maybe Koresh 2.0 will
>come with one.

I heard he had asked the FBI to provide him with a word processor.  Does
anyone know if Koresh has requested that it be WordPerfect5.0?  WP5.0 was
written (and is owned) by Mormons, so the theological implications of
requesting (or refusing) WP5.0 are profound!

darin
wilkins@scubed.scubed.com
________________________________
|                              |
| I will be President for food |
|______________________________|

From: bdunn@cco.caltech.edu (Brendan Dunn)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <93108.155839PTS102@psuvm.psu.edu> <PTS102@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
[Pitt vs. Penn State controversy deleted]
>
>Bringing this back to alt.atheism relevance:  So the guy says we're going to
>Hell.  That isn't sufficient cause to bitch to the system operator.  At worst,
>it's bad etiquette.  (Unless you really believe that someone is using his
>account without his knowledge/permission, which is actually against the law.)
>-----
>Patrick Saxton          "Pitt is a second-rate school in a second-rate city."
>pts102@PSUVM.psu.edu                                         - anon
>pts@ecl.psu.edu         ob.atheism:  "In Batman we Trust"
>

No.  It wouldn't be sufficient cause to bitch to the system operator if this
was just some guy saying that atheists are going to hell.  The point was 
that recently many messages were posted from that address.  Each of these
messages was posted to a different newsgroup, with the apparent intent of
provoking the readers of that particular group.  This, along with the fact
that these posts were written in all-caps, makes these posts suspect.
Whoever is using this account is using it irresponsibly.  If it is the
intended user, they should consider appropriate action.  If it is someone
else-- which seems a possibility, then this is also reason to report it.
	We get many posts in the flavor of the one that started this thread.
It is only because I have seen posts on other groups by this user that I
am considering action.

Brendan


From: bdunn@cco.caltech.edu (Brendan Dunn)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

Thanks to whoever posted this wonderful parody of people who post without 
reading the FAQ!  I was laughing for a good 5 minutes.  Were there any 
parts of the FAQ that weren't mentioned?  I think there might have been one
or two...

Please don't tell me this wasn't a joke.  I'm not ready to hear that yet...

Brendan

From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Is Morality Constant (was Re: Biblical Rape)

Bill Conner (bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu) wrote:
 
: There are a couple of things about your post and others in this thread
: that are a little confusing. An atheist is one for whom all things can
: be understood as processes of nature - exclusively.

This definition does not include all atheists (see the FAQ). However,
I (for one) do think there is no need to invoke any divine or
spiritual explanations. 

It makes a big difference to claim that all things can be understood
as natural processes, and to claim that our observations do not
require us to postulate any divine intervention, or anything spiritual,
for that matter. Humans are not omnipotent, and neither is science.
However, science has one advantage theology doesn't: it is self-
correcting, with nature as its judge. 

It is delightful to see how scientific inquiry is revealing a self-
consistent, simple picture of our universe. Science is no longer
a bunch of separate branches, it is one. From particle physics to
psychology. And no aspect of our life, or our universe, is safe
from its stern and stony eye. Not even our consciousness.

 There is no need
: for any recourse to Divnity to describe or explain anything. There is
: no purpose or direction for any event beyond those required by
: physics, chemistry, biology, etc.; everything is random, nothing is
: determnined.

Actually, determinism vs. indeterminism is a philosophical question,
and science cannot say whether the whole thing is actually somehow
superdeterministic or not. I think the question does not have
any meaning, as far as individual human beings go. If their apparent
free will is an illusion, it does not appear to be so from their
perspective. Bill, can you say _for sure_ whether you have a free
will or not? 

: This would also have to include human intelligence of course and all
: its products. There is nothing requiring that life evolve or that it
: acquire intelligence, it's just a happy accident.

Maybe. Who are we to tell? It seems intelligence is useful - when
during the history of Earth has _one species_ been able to control
one third of the whole biosphere? This can still be a result of 
numerous happy accidents our genetic machinery blindly replicates
and preserves. Even that machinery can be result of the same
principle - only the systems that can start replicating will
survive, those which don't don't make it. (Recommended reading: t.o)

: For an atheist, no
: event can be preferred to another or be said to have more or less
: value than another in any naturalistic sense, and no thought -about-
: an event can have value. 

From whose perspective? I value events and things subjectively, from
my perspective. Nature does not have values, because it does not have
a perspective - values arise from awareness. If I have a subjective
perspective, it is easy to assume that other people also do, and if
I think about what it would it be like in their position, I will
eventually discover the Golden Rule. Morality is not necessarily
a gift from heavens, in fact, it may be a product of evolution.
Perhaps we are aware of ourselves because a sense of identity
is helpful, allows us to play the roles of others and make us respect
others who seem to have identity, too. 

Bill, have you ever read Aristotle? Try his Ethica Nikomakhea (sp.)
for starters.

: How then can an atheist judge value? What is the basis for criticizing
: the values ennumerated in the Bible or the purposes imputed to God? On
: what grounds can the the behavior of the reliogious be condemned? It
: seems that, in judging the values that motivate others to action, you
: have to have some standard against which conduct is measured, but what
: in nature can serve that purpose? What law of nature can you invoke to
: establish your values.

C.S. Lewis tells us that this argument was the main reason why
he abandoned his atheism and became Christian. The argument is
severely flawed.

Some values, such as the Golden Rule, can have a rational basis. Some
others, like the basic idea of wanting to live, has probably its
roots in the way our brains are wired. Lewis ignored the very real
possiblity that natural selection could also favour altruistic
behaviour, and morality as well. Indeed, as humans evolved better
and better in building and using tools, they also became better
at killing each other. It is a logical necessity that evolution could
only favour those who knew how to use tools, but not against one's
own people.

The Bible reveals quite nicely that the morality of the early Jews
was not beyond this. A simple set of rules to hold the people
together, under one god. Their god did not care much about people
of other nations. 

At the time of the NT, things were quite different - the Jews
were under rule of an _empire_, and could no longer simply ignore
the Gentiles. A new situation required a new morality, and along
with it a new religion was born. (A mutation in a meme pool.)

: Since every event is entirely and exclusively a physical event, what
: difference could it possibly make what -anyone- does, religious or
: otherwise, there can be no -meaning- or gradation of value. The only
: way an atheist can object to -any- behaviour is to admit that the
: objection is entirely subjective and that he(she) just doesn't like it
: - that's it. Any value judgement must be prefaced by the disclaimer
: that it is nothing more than a matter of personal opinion and carries
: no weight in any "absolute" sense.

It looks like you haven't bothered to read philosophy. Whenever there
is an observer, there is a subjective point of view, which may 
value its existence and happiness (even if that were just a result
of some physical event), and other's happiness, too, if the observer
comes to think about it. In an absolutely objective sense, that is,
without any observers or subjects, moral judgments lose their
meaning. 

It is not possible for a value to simply exist without a point of
view. This includes gods, too, their values are only _their_ 
personal judgments, not absolute truths, since such truths
do not exist. 

The fact that most people do not deliberately want to hurt others
is a manifestation of the way we have fought for our existence
by becoming social beings who can think and value others'
existence.

Morality is not property of humans alone - chimps, dolphins and
many other species show great care for each other. Dolphins have
sometimes saved humans from drowning, a good deed indeed. 

: That you don't like what God told people to do says nothing about God
: or God's commands, it says only that there was an electrical event in your
: nervous system that created an emotional state that your mind coupled
: with a pre-existing thought-set to form that reaction. That your
: objections -seem- well founded is due to the way you've been
: conditioned; there is no "truth" content. The whole of your
: intellectual landscape is an illusion, a virtual reality.

The last statement does not logically follow. In fact, there is
every reason to believe our thoughts can model reality very
well, and our senses can convey reliable information. Solipsism
is still a logical possibility, but not a very likely one.

You are continuously mixing two different views: the subjective
point of view (which we all share) and an objective point of view,
_which does not exist_. Any observer or thinker, any personal being,
has its own point of view. It does not matter whether this point
of view is a result of some physical events or not, it does not
cease to be subjective. 

From a non-observers non-point of view, values do not exist. Neither
does pain, or pleasure, or beauty, or love. Such things are 
inherently subjective. 

Once again, if god wants wives to submit to their husbands, or even
to make a leap of faith into the unknown, or wants to punish us if
we don't, I disagree with his morals. I do not think my morals come
from any supreme being - to remove my morals means the same than
to make me a zombie, a machine without a single thought. If god
gave us morality to judge, but I disagree with him, it is not my
fault. He is free to replace my morals. I cannot see what is the
point of giving someone a moral system which disagrees with one's
own and then to get mad at this. 

God must be schizophrenic.

: All of this being so, you have excluded
: yourself from any discussion of values, right, wrong, goood, evil,
: etc. and cannot participate. Your opinion about the Bible can have no
: weight whatsoever.

Neither can the opinion of any god, for that matter. I cannot understand
why a subjective opinion of a thing made of matter is in any way
less credible than an opinion of a thing made of something else.

Bill, take note: Absolute values must be independent of _any_ being,
_including_ gods. If god has a subjective viewpoint, it is his
own point of view, and his morals are his own. 

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <11847@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>In article <115670@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>>In article <11826@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>>I am refuting nothing but simply telling you what I see, which is
>>childish propaganda and nothing to be refuted. BCCI was not 
>>an Islamic bank, so this post has nothing to do with Islamic banks. 
>>I am tiring of this infantile garbage, so I simply evaluated it
>>as such.

>>>  Could you maybe flesh it out just a bit?  Or did I miss the full
>>>  grandeur of it's content by virtue of my blinding atheism?

>>You may be having difficulty seeing the light because you
>>have your head up your ass. I suggest making sure this is 
>>not the case before posting again.

>  It's time for your lesson in debate, Gregg.

Yeah, right.

>Begin included text:
>From vice!news.tek.com!uunet!psinntp!wrldlnk!usenet Sun Apr 18 10:01:11 PDT 1993

>I noticed a post on this topic in soc.religion.islam.   And since the topic
>of the BCCI being/not being an Islamic bank has come up, I have left in the
>one mention of the BCCI bank called "How BCCI adapted the Koran rules of
>banking" from this bibliography.


>Bennett, Neil.  "How BCCI adapted the Koran rules of banking".  The 
>Times.  August 13, 1991.

So, let's see. If some guy writes a piece with a title that implies
something is the case then it must be so, is that it?

>  This is how you support a position if you intend to have anyone
>  respect it, Gregg.  Any questions?  And I even managed to include
>  the above reference with my head firmly engaged in my ass.  What's
>  your excuse?

This supports nothing. I have no reason to believe that this is 
piece is anything other than another anti-Islamic slander job.
I have no respect for titles, only for real content. I can look
up this article if I want, true. But I can tell you BCCI was _not_
an Islamic bank. Seeing as I'm spending my time responding to
propaganda (in responding to this little sub-thread) I really
don't feel a deep need to do more than make statements to the
effect that the propaganda is false. If someone wants to discuss
the issue more seriously then I'd be glad to have a real discussion,
providing references, etc.


Gregg





From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: about the bible quiz answers

In article <healta.153.735242337@saturn.wwc.edu>, healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:
> 
> 
> #12) The 2 cheribums are on the Ark of the Covenant.  When God said make no 
> graven image, he was refering to idols, which were created to be worshipped. 
> The Ark of the Covenant wasn't wrodhipped and only the high priest could 
> enter the Holy of Holies where it was kept once a year, on the Day of 
> Atonement.

I am not familiar with, or knowledgeable about the original language,
but I believe there is a word for "idol" and that the translator
would have used the word "idol" instead of "graven image" had
the original said "idol."  So I think you're wrong here, but
then again I could be too.  I just suggesting a way to determine
whether the interpretation you offer is correct.


Dean Kaflowitz

From: nancyo@fraser.sfu.ca (Nancy Patricia O'Connor)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:

>Rule #4:  Don't mix apples with oranges.  How can you say that the
>extermination by the Mongols was worse than Stalin?  Khan conquered people
>unsympathetic to his cause.  That was atrocious.  But Stalin killed millions of
>his own people who loved and worshipped _him_ and his atheist state!!  How can
>anyone be worse than that?

You're right.  And David Koresh claimed to be a Christian.



From: pmoloney@maths.tcd.ie (Paul Moloney)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
>to someone who was crazy.

Find an encyclopedia. Volume H. Now look up Hitler, Adolf. He had
many more people than just Germans enamoured with him.

P.
-- 
 moorcockpratchettdenislearydelasoulu2iainmbanksneworderheathersbatmanpjorourke
clive p a u l  m o l o n e y  Come, let us retract the foreskin of misconception
james trinity college dublin  and apply the wire brush of enlightenment - GeoffM
 brownbladerunnersugarcubeselectronicblaylockpowersspikeleekatebushhamcornpizza 

From: pmoloney@maths.tcd.ie (Paul Moloney)
Subject: Re: THE POPE IS JEWISH!

west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:

>The pope is jewish.... I guess they're right, and I always thought that
>the thing on his head was just a fancy hat, not a Jewish headpiece (I
>don't remember the name).  It's all so clear now (clear as mud.)

As to what that headpiece is....

(by chort@crl.nmsu.edu)

SOURCE: AP NEWSWIRE

The Vatican, Home Of Genetic Misfits?

Michael  A. Gillow, noted geneticist, has revealed  some unusual  data
after working undercover in  the Vatican for the past 18 years.   "The
Popehat(tm) is actually an advanced bone spur.", reveals Gillow in his
groundshaking report. Gillow, who had  secretly  studied the innermost
workings of the Vatican since returning from Vietnam in a wheel chair,
first approached the scientific community with his  theory in the late
1950's.

"The  whole hat  thing, that was just a cover  up. The  Vatican didn't
want the Catholic Community(tm) to realize  their  leader  was hefting
nearly  8 kilograms of extraneous  bone  tissue on    the  top of  his
skull.", notes Gillow in his report. "There are whole  laboratories in
the  Vatican  that experiment with tissue  transplants and bone marrow
experiments.  What started as a genetic fluke in the mid 1400's is now
scientifically engineered and bred for. The whole bone transplant idea
started  in  the  mid   sixties  inspired  by   doctor  Timothy  Leary
transplanting deer  bone cells into small white rats." Gillow is quick
to point  out  the  assassination attempt on Pope John Paul II and the
disappearance of Dr.  Leary from the public eye.

"When it becomes time to replace the pope", says Gillow, "The old pope
and the replacement pope are  locked  in a padded  chamber. They  butt
heads much  like  male yaks  fighting for dominance of the  herd.  The
victor emerges and has  earned the privilege of inseminating the choir
boys."


P.
-- 
 moorcockpratchettdenislearydelasoulu2iainmbanksneworderheathersbatmanpjorourke
clive p a u l  m o l o n e y  Come, let us retract the foreskin of misconception
james trinity college dublin  and apply the wire brush of enlightenment - GeoffM
 brownbladerunnersugarcubeselectronicblaylockpowersspikeleekatebushhamcornpizza 

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: free moral agency and Jeff Clark

In article <healta.136.734813153@saturn.wwc.edu>
healta@saturn.wwc.edu (TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>You also said,"Why did millions suffer for what Adam and Ee did?  Seems a
>pretty sick way of going about creating a universe..."
>
>I'm gonna respond by giving a small theology lesson--forgive me, I used
>to be a theology major.
>First of all, I believe that this planet is involved in a cosmic struggle--
>"the Great Controversy betweed Christ and Satan" (i borrowed a book title).
>God has to consider the interests of the entire universe when making
>decisions.
(Deletion)
 
An universe it has created. By the way, can you tell me why it is less
tyrannic to let one of one's own creatures do what it likes to others?
By your definitions, your god has created Satan with full knowledge what
would happen - including every choice of Satan.
 
Can you explain us what Free Will is, and how it goes along with omniscience?
Didn't your god know everything that would happen even before it created the
world? Why is it concerned about being a tyrant when noone would care if
everything was fine for them? That the whole idea comes from the possibility
to abuse power, something your god introduced according to your description?
 
 
By the way, are you sure that you have read the FAQ? Especially the part
about preaching?
   Benedikt

From: nancyo@shnext15.ucslabs.sfu.ca (Nancy Patricia O'Connor)
Subject: Re: THE POPE IS JEWISH!

In article <1993Apr15.180024.19308@wam.umd.edu>  
west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:

+Last night, while watching the 2a.m. rebroadcast of Jerry Springer (a
+talk show) I heard this Jewel of a thought from a 12 year old racist. 
+The focus of this show was on these kids and their hatred for the Jewish
+religion, and why.  

[some stuff deleted]

+Interesting (and scary) no?  They went on to say how the Jews had 
+killed their god, and how in the end of time that all the races would
+go to their homelands (of course, they would remain in America, which
+is New Jeruselem, as it says in Gen 2??? (what another kid said) but
+the rest of the races would go home) and then the great battle or plague
+or whatever Revel. says would happen, and the jews would be killed.
+
+The most interesting thing about this was that my roomate is Catholic, 
+and had the KJV of the Bible on his desk.  He immediatly opened it up
+and began to search for the quoted passages (Gen, Rev, and John) to 
+look for himself, and couldn't find what they said they saw.  I don't
+know

I saw this show a while back, and when I heard these kids
quote the Bible to justify their racist claims, I looked up
that quote about Jesus hating Jews (since Jesus himself was a
Jew, my curiousity had been piqued by such a claim).
The jist of the passage (and I am sorry but I can't recall
which passage it was exactly) was that Jesus was condemning
the Pharisees for being corrupt.
Of course, the Pharisees were Jewish too, but it wasn't Jews
as a whole that Jesus was condemning, just the powers that be.

--
Nancy O'Connor		 +
Psychology undergrad     +         The opinions I express
Simon Fraser University, +         are my own.
Burnaby, B.C.            +
CANADA			 +

From: chrisb@seachg.com (Chris Blask)
Subject: Re: A silly question on x-tianity

werdna@cco.caltech.edu (Andrew Tong) writes:
>mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
>
>>Question 2: This attitude god character seems awfully egotistical
>>and proud.  But Christianity tells people to be humble.  What's the deal?
>
>Well, God pretty much has a right to be "egotistical and proud."  I
>mean, he created _you_, doesn't he have the right to be proud of such
>a job?
>
>Of course, people don't have much of a right to be proud.  What have
>they accomplished that can match God's accomplishments, anyways?  How
>do their abilities compare with those of God's.  We're an "imbecile
>worm of the earth," to quote Pascal.

Grumblegrumble...   

>If you were God, and you created a universe, wouldn't you be just a
>little irked if some self-organizing cell globules on a tiny planet
>started thinking they were as great and awesome as you?

unfortunately the logic falls apart quick: all-perfect > insulted or
threatened by the actions of a lesser creature > actually by offspring >
???????????????????

How/why shuold any all-powerful all-perfect feel either proud or offended?
Anything capable of being aware of the relationship of every aspect of every 
particle in the universe during every moment of time simultaneously should
be able to understand the cause of every action of every 'cell globule' on
each tniy planet...

>Well, actually, now that I think of it, it seems kinda odd that God
>would care at all about the Earth.  OK, so it was a bad example. But
>the amazing fact is that He does care, apparently, and that he was
>willing to make some grand sacrifices to ensure our happiness.

"All-powerful, Owner Of Everything in the Universe Makes Great Sacrifices"
makes a great headline but it doesn't make any sense.  What did he
sacrifice?  Where did it go that he couldn't get it back?  If he gave
something up, who'd he give it up to?

-chris

[you guys have fun, I'm agoin' to Key West!!]

From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: I don't beleive in you either.

In article <1993Apr13.213055.818@antioc.antioch.edu>, smauldin@antioc.antioch.edu writes:
|> I stopped believing in you as well, long before the invention of technology.
|> 
|> --GOD
|> 

Ahhh go back to alt.autotheism where you belong!

Brian /-|-\

From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

In article <1qid04$fct@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
>
>I don't see anything special about theism in general that makes it a 
>particular hazard (more so than say, stupidity, anarchy, or patriotism).   
>Of course, it depends on the religion, but I see nothing about believing 
>in gods that in and of itself entails or even promotes xenophobia, genocide, 
>etc.  

  If the emphasis is on the "in general", then of course you're
  correct, since you haven't really said anything.  If we restrict
  our observations to practiced religions, there are lots of
  examples of god mandated genocide.  Just ask the Canaanites.  The
  point is that if you believe in a god, and if you believe he has
  ordered you to eliminate an entire race, you will likely make the
  attempt.  After all, if it was OK in the past, it could surely be
  OK in the present.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: free moral agency and Jeff Clark

In article <sandvik-140493185248@sandvik-kent.apple.com> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:
>
>This is the reason I like the controversy of post-modernism, the
>issues of polarities -- evil and good -- are just artificial 
>constructs, and they fall apart during a closer inspection.
>
>The more I look into the notion of a constant struggle between
>the evil and good forces, the more it sounds like a metaphor
>that people just assume without closer inspection.
>

  More info please.  I'm not well exposed to these ideas.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1993Apr15.150938.975@news.wesleyan.edu> SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (SCOTT D. SAUYET) writes:
>In <1qabe7INNaff@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu writes:
>
>>> Chimpanzees fight wars over land.
>> 
>> But chimps are almost human...
>> 
>> keith
>
>Could it be?  This is the last message from Mr. Schneider, and it's
>more than three days old!
>
>Are these his final words?  (And how many here would find that
>appropriate?)  Or is it just that finals got in the way?
>

  No. The christians were leary of having an atheist spokesman
  (seems so clandestine, and all that), so they had him removed.  Of
  course, Keith is busy explaining to his fellow captives how he
  isn't really being persecuted, since (after all) they *are*
  feeding him, and any resistance on his part would only be viewed
  as trouble making.  

  I understand he did make a bit of a fuss when they tatooed "In God
  We Trust" on his forehead, though.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: New Member

In article <C5HIEw.7s1@portal.hq.videocart.com>, dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
|>   Hello. I just started reading this group today, and I think I am going
|> to be a large participant in its daily postings. I liked the section of
|> the FAQ about constructing logical arguments - well done. I am an atheist,
|> but I do not try to turn other people into atheists. I only try to figure
|> why people believe the way they do - I don't much care if they have a 
|> different view than I do. When it comes down to it . . . I could be wrong.
|> I am willing to admit the possibility - something religious followers 
|> dont seem to have the capability to do.

Welcome aboard!

|> 
|>   I notice alot of posts from Bobby. Why does anybody ever respond to 
|> his posts ? He always falls back on the same argument:

(I think you just answered your own question, there)

|> 
|> "If the religion is followed it will cause no bad"
|> 
|>   He is right. Just because an event was explained by a human to have been
|> done "in the name of religion", does not mean that it actually followed
|> the religion. He will always point to the "ideal" and say that it wasn't
|> followed so it can't be the reason for the event. There really is no way
|> to argue with him, so why bother. Sure, you may get upset because his 
|> answer is blind and not supported factually - but he will win every time
|> with his little argument. I don't think there will be any postings from
|> me in direct response to one of his.

Most responses were against his postings that spouted the fact that
all atheists are fools/evil for not seeing how peachy Islam is.
I would leave the pro/con arguments of Islam to Fred Rice, who is more
level headed and seems to know more on the subject, anyway.

|> 
|>   Happy to be aboard !

How did you know I was going to welcome you abord?!?

|> 
|> Dave Fuller
|> dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com
|> 
|> 

Brian /-|-\

From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <house.734841689@helios>, house@helios.usq.EDU.AU (ron house) writes:
|> marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall) writes:
|> 
|> >healta@saturn.wwc.edu (TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
|> 
|> >>     you might think "oh yeah. then why didn't god destroy it in the bud 
|> >>before it got to the point it is now--with millions through the 
|> >>ages suffering along in life?"
|> >>      the only answer i know is that satan made the claim that his way was 
|> >>better than God's.  God is allowing satan the chance to prove that his way 
|> >>is better than God's.  we all know what that has brought.     
|> 
|> >Come on!  God is allowing the wishes of one individual to supercede the
|> >well-being of billions?  I seriously doubt it.  Having read the Bible
|> >twice, I never got the impression that God and Satan were working in some
|> >sort of cooperative arrangement.
|> 
|> Read the book of Job.
|> 

Oh, that was just a bet.


Brian /-|-\  

From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

I'm sold!  Where do I sign up?


Brian /-|-\  The next book: "Charles Manson: Lord, Lunatic, or Liar"

From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
>die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 
>gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
>someone who was or had been healed.  Call me a fool, but I believe he did 
>heal people.  

Anyone who dies for a "cause" runs the risk of dying for a lie.  As for
people being able to tell if he was a liar, well, we've had grifters and
charlatans since the beginning of civilization.  If David Copperfield had
been the Messiah, I bet he could have found plenty of believers.  
Jesus was hardly the first to claim to be a faith healer, and he wasn't the
first to be "witnessed."  What sets him apart?

>	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
>to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
>anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
>this right away.

Rubbish.  Nations have followed crazies, liars, psychopaths, and 
megalomaniacs throughout history.  Hitler, Tojo, Mussolini, Khomeini,
Qadaffi, Stalin, Papa Doc, and Nixon come to mind...all from this century.
Koresh is a non-issue.


>	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
>real thing.  

Take a discrete mathematics or formal logic course.  There are flaws in your
logic everywhere.  And as I'm sure others will tell you, read the FAQ!


>	Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
>the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.  This in his betrayal 
>and Crucifixion.  I don't have my Bible with me at this moment, next time I 
>write I will use it.

Of course, you have to believe the Bible first.  Just because something is
written in the Bible does not mean it is true, and the age of that tome plus
the lack of external supporting evidence makes it less credible.  So if you
do quote from the Bible in the future, try to back up that quote with 
supporting evidence.  Otherwise, you will get flamed mercilessly.


>	I don't think most people understand what a Christian is.  It 
>is certainly not what I see a lot in churches.  Rather I think it 
>should be a way of life, and a total sacrafice of everything for God's 
>sake.  He loved us enough to die and save us so we should do the 
>same.  Hey we can't do it, God himself inspires us to turn our lives 
>over to him.  That's tuff and most people don't want to do it, to be a 
>real Christian would be something for the strong to persevere at.  But 
>just like weight lifting or guitar playing, drums, whatever it takes 
>time.  We don't rush it in one day, Christianity is your whole life.  
>It is not going to church once a week, or helping poor people once in 
>a while.  We box everything into time units.  Such as work at this 
>time, sports, Tv, social life.  God is above these boxes and should be 
>carried with us into all these boxes that we have created for 
>ourselves.  	  

Just like weight lifting or guitar playing, eh?  I don't know how you 
define the world "total," but I would imagine a "total sacrafice [sp]
of everything for God's sake" would involve more than a time commitment.

You are correct about our tendency to "box everything into time units."
Would you explain HOW one should involove God in sports and (hehehe)
television?
-- 
---                      __  _______                              ---
||| Kevin Marshall       \ \/ /_  _/  Computer Science Department |||
||| Virginia Tech         \  / / /     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu |||
--- Blacksburg, Virginia   \/ /_/                  (703) 232-6529 ---

From: a137490@lehtori.cc.tut.fi (Aario Sami)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In <kmr4.1466.734160929@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
     
>     "Wait. You just said that humans are rarely reasonable. Doesn't that
>      contradict atheism, where everything is explained through logic and
>      reason? This is THE contradiction in atheism that proves it false."
>           --- Bobby Mozumder proving the existence of Allah, #2

Does anybody have Bobby's post in which he said something like "I don't
know why there are more men than women in islamic countries. Maybe it's
atheists killing the female children"? It's my personal favorite!

-- 
Sami Aario         |  "Can you see or measure an atom? Yet you can explode
a137490@cc.tut.fi  |   one. Sunlight is comprised of many atoms."
-------------------'  "Your stupid minds! Stupid, stupid!"
Eros in "Plan 9 From Outer Space"     DISCLAIMER: I don't agree with Eros.

From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

1.  Did you read the FAQs?

2.  If NO, Read the FAQs.

3.  IF YES, you wouldn't have posted such drivel.  The "Lord, Liar
    or Lunatic" argument is a false trilemma.  Even if you disprove
    Liar and Lunatic (which you haven't), you have not eliminated
    the other possibilities, such as Mistaken, Misdirected, or
    Misunderstood.  You have arbitrarily set up three and only
    three possibilities without considering others.

4.  Read a good book on rhetoric and critical thinking.  If
    you think the "Lord, Liar, or Lunatic" discussion is an
    example of a good argument, you are in need of learning.

5.  Read the FAQs again, especially "Constructing a Logical
    Argument."

Ignore these instructions at your peril.  Disobeying them
leaves you open for righteous flaming.


-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.


From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Slavery (was Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: ...)

> Oh, this all sounds so nice!  Everyone helping each other and always smiling
> and fluffy bunnies everywhere.  Wake up!  People are just not like that.  It
> seems evident from history that no society has succeeded when it had to rely
> upon the goodwill and unselfishness of the people.  Isn't it obvious from
> places like Iran that even if there are only a few greedy people in society
> then they are going to be attracted to positions of power?  Sounds like a
> recipe for disaster.

Looking at historical evidence such 'perfect utopian' islamic states
didn't survive. I agree, people are people, and even if you might
start an Islamic revolution and create this perfect state, it takes 
some time and the internal corruption will destroy the ground rules --
again.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Slavery (was Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: ...)

In article <1993Apr14.132813.16343@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>,
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) wrote:
> Anyhow, on the basis of the apparent success of Islamic banks, it seems
> to me that the statement that a zero-interest economy cannot survive in
> today's world may be a bit premature.

I'm sure zero-intested economical systems survive on a small-scale,
co-ops is not an Islamic invention, and we have co-operatives working
all around the world. However such systems don't stand the corruption
of a large scale operation. Actually, nothing could handle human
greed, IMHO. Not even Allah :-).

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: New Member

In article <C5HIEw.7s1@portal.hq.videocart.com>,
dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) wrote:
>   He is right. Just because an event was explained by a human to have been
> done "in the name of religion", does not mean that it actually followed
> the religion. He will always point to the "ideal" and say that it wasn't
> followed so it can't be the reason for the event. There really is no way
> to argue with him, so why bother. Sure, you may get upset because his 
> answer is blind and not supported factually - but he will win every time
> with his little argument. I don't think there will be any postings from
> me in direct response to one of his.

Hey! Glad to have some serious and constructive contributors in this
newsgroup. I agree 100% on the statement above, you might argue with
Bobby for eons, and he still does not get it, so the best thing is
to spare your mental resources to discuss more interesting issues.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1qjfnv$ogt@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank
O'Dwyer) wrote:
> (1) Does the term "hero-worship" mean anything to you?  

Yes, worshipping Jesus as the super-saver is indeed hero-worshipping
of the grand scale. Worshipping Lenin that will make life pleasant
for the working people is, eh, somehow similar, or what.
 
> (2) I understand that gods are defined to be supernatural, not merely
>     superhuman.
The notion of Lenin was on the borderline of supernatural insights
into how to change the world, he wasn't a communist God, but he was
the man who gave presents to kids during Christmas.
 
> #Actually, I agree. Things are always relative, and you can't have 
> #a direct mapping between a movement and a cause. However, the notion
> #that communist Russia was somewhat the typical atheist country is 
> #only something that Robertson, Tilton et rest would believe in.
> 
> Those atheists were not True Unbelievers, huh?   :-)

Don't know what they were, but they were fanatics indeed.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <bissda.4.734849678@saturn.wwc.edu>, bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN
LAWRENCE BISSELL) wrote:
> 
> 	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
> makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
> lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
> writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
> in the process he became a Christian himself.

Seems he didn't understand anything about realities, liar, lunatic
or the real thing is a very narrow view of the possibilities of Jesus
message.

Sigh, it seems religion makes your mind/brain filter out anything
that does not fit into your personal scheme. 

So anyone that thinks the possibilities with Jesus is bound to the
classical Lewis notion of 'liar, lunatic or saint' is indeed bound
to become a Christian.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1qjf31$o7t@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> In article <1qimbe$sp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> #In article <1qif1g$fp3@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> #|> In article <1qialf$p2m@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> #|> 
|> #|> I forget the origin of the quote, but "I gotta use words when I talk to
|> #|> you".  An atheist is one who lacks belief in gods, yes?  If so, then
|> #|> it's entirely plausible that an atheist could dig Lenin or Lennon to
|> #|> such an extent that it might be considered "worship", and still be
|> #|> an atheist.  Anything else seems to be Newspeak.
|> #
|> #Ask yourself the following question.   Would you regard an ardent
|> #Nazi as a republican, simply because Germany no longer had a Kaiser?
|> 
|> No, because that's based on false dichotomy.   There are more options
|> than you present me.  

And that, of course, is the point.   You can't simply divide the
world into atheists and non-atheists on the basis of god-belief.

If all you care about is belief in a supernatural deity, and
have nothing to say about behaviour, then belief in a supernatural
being is your criterion.

But once you start talking about behaviour, then someone's suscept-
ibility to be led by bad people into doing bad things is what you 
are - I assume - worried about.

And in that area, what you care about is whether someone is sceptical,
critical and autonomous on the one hand, or gullible, excitable and
easily led on the other.

I would say that a tendency to worship tyrants and ideologies indicates
that a person is easily led.   Whether they have a worship or belief 
in a supernatural hero rather than an earthly one seems to me to be
beside the point.

jon.

From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <EDM.93Apr15104322@gocart.twisto.compaq.com>, edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary) writes:
> >>>>> On Thu, 15 Apr 1993 04:54:38 GMT, bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) said:
> 
> DLB> 	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
> DLB> makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
> DLB>lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
> DLB>writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
> DLB> in the process he became a Christian himself.
> 
> Here we go again...

Just the friendly folks at Christian Central, come to save you.


From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

In article <1qjipo$pen@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> In article <1qinmd$sp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> #|> 
|> #|> At any rate, even if your interpretation is correct this does 
|> #|> not imply that the killings are religously motivated, which was 
|> #|> the original poster's seeming claim.
|> #
|> #Tricky, tricky.   I'm replying to your blanket claim that they
|> #are *not* religiously motivated.
|> 
|> They aren't.  Irish catholics in the south do not kill Irish protestants
|> in the south, yet have precisely the same history behind them.  Those
|> who think the killings are religously motivated ignore the rather
|> obvious matter of British occupation, partition and misguided patriotism
|> on both sides. 

False dichotomy.  You claimed the killing were *not* religiously
motivated, and I'm saying that's wrong.   I'm not saying that
each and every killing is religiously motivate, as I spelled out
in detail.


|> 
|> The problems fault along the religious divide because at the historical
|> roots of this thing we have a catholic country partitioned and populated
|> by a protestant one.   The grotesque killing of soldiers and 
|> civilians is supposedly motivated by patriotism, civil rights issues, and 
|> revenge.  It's only difficult to understand insofaras insanity is hard 
|> to understand - religion need not be invoked to explain it.  

Does anyone else see the contradiction in this paragraph?


|> #But to claim that "The killings in N.I are not religously 
|> #motivated." is grotesque.   All that means is that the Church
|> #and believers are doing what they always do with history
|> #they can't face: they rewrite it.
|> 
|> You're attacking a different claim.  My claim is that when an IRA
|> terrorist plants a bomb in Warrington s/he does not have as a motive 
|> the greater glory of God. 

Sorry, Frank, but what I put in quotes is your own words from your
posting <1qi83b$ec4@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>.  Don't tell us now that 
it's a different claim.   If you can no longer stand behind your 
original claim, just say so.

jon.

From: sieferme@stein.u.washington.edu (Eric Sieferman)
Subject: Re: I don't beleive in you either.

In article <1993Apr13.213055.818@antioc.antioch.edu> smauldin@antioc.antioch.edu writes:
>I stopped believing in you as well, long before the invention of technology.
>
>--GOD
>

Don't listen to this guy, he's just a crank.  At first, this business
about being the "one true god" was tolerated by the rest of us,
but now it has gotten completely out of hand.

Besides, it really isn't so bad when people stop believing in you.
It's much more relaxing when mortals aren't always begging you for favors.

-- ZEUS


From: a137490@lehtori.cc.tut.fi (Aario Sami)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In <1993Apr9.154316.19778@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

>In article <kmr4.1483.734243128@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
 
>>	If I state that I know that there is a green marble in a closed box, 
>>which I have _never_ seen, nor have any evidence for its existance; I would
>>be guilty of deceit, even if there is, in fact, a green marble inside.
>>
>>	The question of whether or not there is a green marble inside, is 
>>irrelevent.

>You go ahead and play with your marbles.

I love it, I love it, I love it!! Wish I could fit all that into a .sig
file! (If someone is keeping a list of Bobby quotes, be sure to include
this one!)

>>
>>	Stating an unproven opinion as a fact, is deceit. And, knowingly 
>>being decietful is a falsehood and a lie.

>So why do you think its an unproven opinion?  If I said something as
>fact but you think its opinion because you do not accept it, then who's
>right?

The Flat-Earthers state that "the Earth is flat" is a fact. I don't accept
this, I think it's an unproven opinion, and I think the Round-Earthers are
right because they have better evidence than the Flat-Earthers do.

Although I can't prove that a god doesn't exist, the arguments used to
support a god's existence are weak and often self-contradictory, and I'm not
going to believe in a god unless someone comes over to me and gives me a
reason to believe in a god that I absolutely can't ignore.

A while ago, I read an interesting book by a fellow called Von Daenicken,
in which he proved some of the wildest things, and on the last page, he
wrote something like "Can you prove it isn't so?" I certainly can't, but
I'm not going to believe him, because he based his "proof" on some really
questionable stuff, such as old myths (he called it "circumstancial
evidence" :] ).

So far, atheism hasn't made me kill anyone, and I'm regarded as quite an
agreeable fellow, really. :)
-- 
Sami Aario         |  "Can you see or measure an atom? Yet you can explode
a137490@cc.tut.fi  |   one. Sunlight is comprised of many atoms."
-------------------'  "Your stupid minds! Stupid, stupid!"
Eros in "Plan 9 From Outer Space"     DISCLAIMER: I don't agree with Eros.

From: David.Rice@ofa123.fidonet.org
Subject: islamic authority [sic] over women

 
who: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
what: <kmr4.1426.733987668@po.cwru.edu>
with: rush@leland.Stanford.EDU 
what: <1993Apr5.050524.9361@leland.Stanford.EDU>
 
>>> Other readers: I just joined, but is this guy for real?
>>> I'm simply amazed.
 
KR> "Sadly yes. Don't loose any sleep over Old 'Zlumber. Just
KR> have some fun with him, but he is basically harmless. 
KR> At least, if you don't work in NY city."
 
I don't find it hard to believe that "Ole 'Zlumber" really believes
the hate and ignorant prattle he writes. The frightening thought is,
there are people even worse than he! To say that feminism equals
"superiority" over men is laughable as long as he doesn't then proceed
to pick up a rifle and start to shoot women as a preemptive strike---
aka the Canada slaughter that occured a few years ago. But then, men
killing women is nothing new. Islamic Fundamentalists just have a
"better" excuse (Qu'ran).
 
    from the Vancouver Sun, Thursday, October 4, 1990
    by John Davidson, Canadian Press
 
    MONTREAL-- Perhaps it's the letter to the five-year old
    daughter that shocks the most.
 
    "I hope one day you will be old enough to understand what
    happened to your parents," wrote Patrick Prevost. "I loved
    your mother with a passion that went as far as hatred."
 
    Police found the piece of paper near Prevost's body in his
    apartment in northeast Montreal.
 
    They say the 39-year-old mechanic committed suicide after
    killing his wife, Jocelyne Parent, 31.
 
    The couple had been separated for a month and the woman had
    gone to his apartment to talk about getting some more money
    for food. A violent quarrel broke out and Prevost attacked
    his wife with a kitchen knife, cutting her throat, police said.
 
    She was only the latest of 13 women slain by a husband or
    lover in Quebec in the last five weeks.
 
    Five children have also been slain as a result of the same
    domestic "battles."
 
    Last year in Quebec alone, 29 [women] were slain by their
    husbands. That was more than one-third of such cases across
    Canada, according to statistics from the Canadian Centre for
    Justice. [rest of article ommited]
 
Then to say that women are somehow "better" or "should" be the
one to "stay home" and raise a child is also laughable. Women
have traditionally done hard labor to support a family, often 
more than men in many cultures, throughout history. Seems to me
it takes at least two adults to raise a child, and that BOTH should
stay home to do so!

--- Maximus 2.01wb

Subject: Re: Feminism and Islam, again
From: kmagnacca@eagle.wesleyan.edu

In article <1993Apr14.030334.8650@ultb.isc.rit.edu>, snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
> In article <1993Apr11.145519.1@eagle.wesleyan.edu> kmagnacca@eagle.wesleyan.edu writes:
>>
>>There's a way around that via the hadith, which state that silence is
>>taken to mean "yes" and that women may not speak before a judge, who
>>must conduct the marriage.
> 
> Actaully, that's a false hadith, because it contradicts verses in the
> Quran, that says women may testify- speak before a judge.
> 
> Hadiths are declared false when they contradict the Quran.  Hadiths
> weren't written during the revelation or during the life of the prophet,
> and so may contain errors.

So the only way you can tell a false hadith from a true one is
if it contradicts the Quran?  What if it relates to something
that isn't explicitly spelled out in the Quran?

Also, the Quran wasn't written down during the life of Muhammed
either.  It wasn't long after, but 20 years or so is still long
enough to shift a few verses around.

Karl
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| "Lastly, I come to China in the hope      | "All you touch and all you see  |
| of fulfilling a lifelong ambition -       | Is all your life will ever be." |
| dropping acid on the Great Wall."  --Duke |                 --Pink Floyd    |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|         A Lie is still a Lie even if 3.8 billion people believe it.         |
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1993Apr15.125245.12872@abo.fi> MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka) writes:
|In <1qie61$fkt@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp writes:
|> In article <30114@ursa.bear.com> halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
|
|> #I'm one of those people who does not know what the word objective means 
|> #when put next to the word morality.  I assume its an idiom and cannot
|> #be defined by its separate terms.
|> #
|> #Give it a try.
|> 
|> Objective morality is morality built from objective values.
|
|      "And these objective values are ... ?"
|Please be specific, and more importantly, motivate.

I'll take a wild guess and say Freedom is objectively valuable.  I base
this on the assumption that if everyone in the world were deprived utterly
of their freedom (so that their every act was contrary to their volition),
almost all would want to complain.  Therefore I take it that to assert or
believe that "Freedom is not very valuable", when almost everyone can see
that it is, is every bit as absurd as to assert "it is not raining" on
a rainy day.  I take this to be a candidate for an objective value, and it
it is a necessary condition for objective morality that objective values
such as this exist.

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <1993Apr14.121134.12187@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:

>>In article <C5C7Cn.5GB@ra.nrl.navy.mil> khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil (Umar Khan) writes:

>I just borrowed a book from the library on Khomeini's fatwa etc.

>I found this useful passage regarding the legitimacy of the "fatwa":

>"It was also common knowledge as prescribed by Islamic law, that the
>sentence was only applicable where the jurisdiction of Islamic law
>applies.  Moreover, the sentence has to be passed by an Islamic court
>and executed by the state machinery through the due process of the law.
>Even in Islamic countries, let alone in non-Muslim lands, individuals
>cannot take the law into their own hands.  The sentence when passed,
>must be carried out by the state through the usual machinery and not by
>individuals.  Indeed it becomes a criminal act to take the law into
>one's own hands and punish the offender unless it is in the process of
>self-defence.  Moreover, the offender must be brought to the notice of
>the court and it is the court who shoud decide how to deal with him.
>This law applies equally to Muslim as well as non-Muslim territories.


I agree fully with the above statement and is *precisely* what I meant
by my previous statements about Islam not being anarchist and the
law not being _enforcible_ despite the _law_ being applicable. 


>Hence, on such clarification from the ulama [Islamic scholars], Muslims
>in Britain before and after Imam Khomeini's fatwa made it very clear
>that since Islamic law is not applicable to Britain, the hadd
>[compulsory] punishment cannot be applied here."


I disagree with this conclusion about the _applicability_ of the 
Islamic law to all muslims, wherever they may be. The above conclusion 
does not strictly follow from the foregoing, but only the conclusion 
that the fatwa cannot be *enforced* according to Islamic law. However, 
I do agree that the punishment cannot be applied to Rushdie even *were*
it well founded.

>Wow... from the above, it looks like that from an Islamic viewpoint
>Khomeini's "fatwa" constitutes a "criminal act" .... perhaps I could
>even go out on a limb and call Khomeini a "criminal" on this basis....


Certainly putting a price on the head of Rushdie in Britain is a criminal 
act according to Islamic law. 


>Anyhow, I think it is understood by _knowledgeable_ Muslims that
>Khomeini's "fatwa" is Islamically illegitimate, at least on the basis
>expounded above.  Others, such as myself and others who have posted here
>(particularly Umar Khan and Gregg Jaeger, I think) go further and say
>that even the punishment constituted in the fatwa is against Islamic law
>according to our understanding.

Yes.





Gregg

From:  (Rashid)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr14.131032.15644@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>,
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) wrote:
> 
> It is my understanding that it is generally agreed upon by the ulema
> [Islamic scholars] that Islamic law applies only in an Islamic country,
> of which the UK is not.  Furthermore, to take the law into one's own
> hands is a criminal act, as these are matters for the state, not for
> individuals.  Nevertheless, Khomeini offered a cash prize for people to
> take the law into their own hands -- something which, to my
> understanding, is against Islamic law.

Yes, this is also my understanding of the majority of Islamic laws.
However, I believe there are also certain legal rulings which, in all
five schools of law (4 sunni and 1 jaffari), can be levelled against
muslim or non-muslims, both within and outside dar-al-islam. I do
not know if apostasy (when accompanied by active, persistent, and
open hostility to Islam) falls into this category of the law. I do know
that
historically, apostasy has very rarely been punished at all, let alone
by the death penalty.

My understanding is that Khomeini's ruling was not based on the
law of apostasy (alone). It was well known that Rushdie was an apostate
long before he wrote the offending novel and certainly there is no
precedent in the Qur'an, hadith, or in Islamic history for indiscriminantly
levelling death penalties for apostasy.

I believe the charge levelled against Rushdie was that of "fasad". This
ruling applies both within and outside the domain of an
Islamic state and it can be carried out by individuals. The reward was
not offered by Khomeini but by individuals within Iran.


> Stuff deleted
> Also, I think you are muddying the issue as you seem to assume that
> Khomeini's fatwa was issued due to the _distribution_ of the book.  My
> understanding is that Khomeini's fatwa was issued in response to the
> _writing_ and _publishing_ of the book.  If my view is correct, then
> your viewpoint that Rushdie was sentenced for a "crime in progress" is
> incorrect.
> 
I would concur that the thrust of the fatwa (from what I remember) was
levelled at the author and all those who assisted in the publication
of the book. However, the charge of "fasad" can encompass a
number of lesser charges. I remember that when diplomatic relations
broke off between Britain and Iran over the fatwa - Iran stressed that
the condemnation of the author, and the removal of the book from
circulation were two preliminary conditions for resolving the
"crisis". But you are correct to point out that banning the book was not
the main thrust behind the fatwa. Islamic charges such as fasad are
levelled at people, not books.

The Rushdie situation was followed in Iran for several months before the
issuance of the fatwa. Rushdie went on a media blitz,
presenting himself as a lone knight guarding the sacred values of
secular democracy and mocking the foolish concerns of people
crazy enough to actually hold their religious beliefs as sacred. 
Fanning the flames and milking the controversy to boost
his image and push the book, he was everywhere in the media. Then
Muslim demonstrators in several countries were killed while
protesting against the book. Rushdie appeared momentarily
concerned, then climbed back on his media horse to once again
attack the Muslims and defend his sacred rights. It was at this
point that the fatwa on "fasad" was issued.

The fatwa was levelled at the person of Rushdie - any actions of
Rushdie that feed the situation contribute to the legitimization of
the ruling. The book remains in circulation not by some independant
will of its own but by the will of the author and the publishers. The fatwa
against the person of Rushdie encompasses his actions as well. The
crime was certainly a crime in progress (at many levels) and was being
played out (and played up) in the the full view of the media.

P.S. I'm not sure about this but I think the charge of "shatim" also
applies to Rushdie and may be encompassed under the umbrella
of the "fasad" ruling.

From:  (Rashid)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

> What about the Twelve Imams, who he considered incapable of error
> or sin? Khomeini supports this view of the Twelve Imans. This is
> heresy for the very reasons I gave above. 

I would be happy to discuss the  issue of the 12 Imams with you, although
my preference would be to move the discussion to another
newsgroup.  I feel a philosophy
or religion group would be more appropriate. The topic is deeply
embedded in the world view of Islam and the
esoteric teachings of the Prophet (S.A.). Heresy does not enter
into it at all except for those who see Islam only as an exoteric
religion that is only nominally (if at all) concerned with the metaphysical
substance of man's being and nature.

A good introductory book (in fact one of the best introductory
books to Islam in general) is Murtaza Mutahhari's "Fundamental's
of Islamic Thought - God, Man, and the Universe" - Mizan Press,
translated by R. Campbell. Truly a beautiful book. A follow-up book
(if you can find a decent translation) is "Wilaya - The Station
of the Master" by the same author. I think it also goes under the
title of "Master and Mastership" - It's a very small book - really
just a transcription of a lecture by the author.
The introduction to the beautiful "Psalms of Islam" - translated
by William C. Chittick (available through Muhammadi Trust of
Great Britain) is also an excellent introduction to the subject. We
have these books in our University library - I imagine any well
stocked University library will have them.

From your posts, you seem fairly well versed in Sunni thought. You
should seek to know Shi'ite thought through knowledgeable 
Shi'ite authors as well - at least that much respect is due before the
charge of heresy is levelled.

As salaam a-laikum

From: davec@silicon.csci.csusb.edu (Dave Choweller)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1qif1g$fp3@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
>In article <1qialf$p2m@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>|In article <1qi921$egl@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
[stuff deleted...]
>||> To the newsgroup at large, how about this for a deal: recognise that what 
>||> happened in former Communist Russia has as much bearing on the validity 
>||> of atheism as has the doings of sundry theists on the validity of their 
>||> theism.  That's zip, nada, none.  The fallacy is known as ad hominem, and 
>||> it's an old one. It should be in the Holy FAQ, in the Book of Constructing
>||> a Logical Argument :-)
>|
>|Apart from not making a lot of sense, this is wrong.   There
>|is no "atheist creed" that taught any communist what to do "in
>|the name of atheism".   There clearly are theistic creeds and
>|instructions on how to act for theists.    They all madly
>|conflict with one another, but that's another issue.
>
>Lack of instructions on how to act might also be evil.

That's like saying that, since mathematics includes no instructions on
how to act, it is evil.  Atheism is not a moral system, so why should
it speak of instructions on how to act?  *Atheism is simply lack of
belief in God*.

  Plenty of theists
>think so.   So one could argue the case for "atheism causes whatever
>I didn't like about the former USSR" with as much validity as "theism
>causes genocide" - that is to say, no validity at all.

I think the argument that a particular theist system causes genocide
can be made more convincingly than an argument that atheism causes genocide.
This is because theist systems contain instructions on how to act,
and one or more of these can be shown to cause genocide.  However, since
the atheist set of instructions is the null set, how can you show that
atheism causes genocide?
--
David Choweller (davec@silicon.csci.csusb.edu)

There are scores of thousands of human insects who are
ready at a moment's notice to reveal the Will of God on
every possible subject.          --George Bernard Shaw.
-- 
There are scores of thousands of human insects who are
ready at a moment's notice to reveal the Will of God on
every possible subject.          --George Bernard Shaw.

Subject: Re: The nonexistance of Atheists?!
From: kmagnacca@eagle.wesleyan.edu

In article <bskendigC5JCwx.Jzn@netcom.com>, bskendig@netcom.com (Brian Kendig) writes:
>
> [s.c.a quotes deleted]
> 
> It really looks like these people have no idea at all of what it means
> to be atheist.  There are more Bobby Mozumder clones in the world than
> I thought...

Well, that explains some things; I posted on soc.religion.islam
with an attached quote by Bobby to the effect that all atheists
are lying evil scum, and asked if it was a commonly-held idea
among muslims.  I got no response.  Asking about the unknown,
I guess...

Karl
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| "Lastly, I come to China in the hope      | "All you touch and all you see  |
| of fulfilling a lifelong ambition -       | Is all your life will ever be." |
| dropping acid on the Great Wall."  --Duke |                 --Pink Floyd    |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|         A Lie is still a Lie even if 3.8 billion people believe it.         |
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

From: sieferme@stein.u.washington.edu (Eric Sieferman)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <bissda.4.734849678@saturn.wwc.edu> bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

It appears that Walla Walla College will fill the same role in alt.atheist
that Allegheny College fills in alt.fan.dan-quayle.

>	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
>makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
>lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
>writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
>in the process he became a Christian himself.

Converts to xtianity have this tendency to excessively darken their
pre-xtian past, frequently falsely.  Anyone who embarks on an
effort to "destroy" xtianity is suffering from deep megalomania, a
defect which is not cured by religious conversion.

>	The arguements he uses I am summing up.  The book is about whether 
>Jesus was God or not.  I know many of you don't believe, but listen to a 
>different perspective for we all have something to gain by listening to what 
>others have to say.  

Different perspective?  DIFFERENT PERSPECTIVE??  BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!

>	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.

(sigh!)  Perhaps Big J was just mistaken about some of his claims.
Perhaps he was normally insightful, but had a few off days.  Perhaps
many (most?) of the statements attributed to Jesus were not made by
him, but were put into his mouth by later authors.  Other possibilities
abound.  Surely, someone seriously examining this question could
come up with a decent list of possible alternatives, unless the task
is not serious examination of the question (much less "destroying"
xtianity) but rather religious salesmanship.

>	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
>die for a lie?

How many Germans died for Nazism?  How many Russians died in the name
of the proletarian dictatorship?  How many Americans died to make the
world safe for "democracy".  What a silly question!

>Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 
>gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
>someone who was or had been healed.  Call me a fool, but I believe he did 
>heal people.  

Is everyone who performs a healing = God?

>	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
>to someone who was crazy.

It's probably hard to "draw" an entire nation to you unless you 
are crazy.

>Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
>anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
>this right away.
>	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
>real thing.  

Anyone who is convinced by this laughable logic deserves
to be a xtian.

>	Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
>the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.  This in his betrayal 
>and Crucifixion.  I don't have my Bible with me at this moment, next time I 
>write I will use it.

Don't bother.  Many of the "prophecies" were "fulfilled" only in the
eyes of xtian apologists, who distort the meaning of Isaiah and
other OT books.




From: a137490@lehtori.cc.tut.fi (Aario Sami)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

[deletions...]

In <1993Apr13.184227.1191@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

>I really don't think you can imagine what it is like to be infinite.

First of all, infinity is a mathematical concept created by humans
to explain certain things in a certain way. We don't know if it actually
applies to reality, we don't know if anything in the world is infinite.

>It wouldn't be able to
>comprehend what reality is like for the programmer, because that would
>require an infinite memory or whatever because reality is continuous and
>based on infinietely small units- no units.

You don't know if the universe is actually continuous. Continuum is another
mathematical concept (based on infinity) used to explain things in a certain
way.

>Because humans do not know what infinite is.  We call it something
>beyond numbers.  We call it endless, but we do not know what it is.

I have a pretty good idea of what infinity is. It's a man-made concept, and
like many man-made concepts, it has evolved through time. Ancient Greeks had
a different understanding of it.

>So, we can call Allah infinitely powerful, knowledgeable, etc.., yet we
>cannot imagine what Allah actually is, because we just cannot imagine
>what it is like to be infinite.

Precicely. We don't even know if infinity applies to reality.

-- 
Sami Aario         |  "Can you see or measure an atom? Yet you can explode
a137490@cc.tut.fi  |   one. Sunlight is comprised of many atoms."
-------------------'  "Your stupid minds! Stupid, stupid!"
Eros in "Plan 9 From Outer Space"     DISCLAIMER: I don't agree with Eros.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <115468@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> In article <1qg79g$kl5@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >You are amazed that I find it difficult to grasp it when
|> >people justify death-threats against Rushdie with the 
|> >claim "he was born Muslim?"
|> 
|> This is empty rhetoric. I am amazed at your inability to understand what
|> I am saying not that you find it difficult to "grasp it when people
|> justify death-threats...". I find it amazing that your ability to
|> consider abstract questions in isolation. You seem to believe in the
|> falsity of principles by the consequence of their abuse. You must *hate*
|> physics!

You're closer than you might imagine.   I certainly despised living
under the Soviet regime when it purported to organize society according
to what they fondly imagined to be the "objective" conclusions of
Marxist dialectic.

But I don't hate Physics so long as some clown doesn't start trying
to control my life on the assumption that we are all interchangeable
atoms, rather than individual human beings.

jon. 

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

In article <66486@mimsy.umd.edu>, mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
|> Jeff West writes:
|> 
|> >You claimed that people that took the time to translate the bible would
|> >also take the time to get it right.  But here in less than a couple
|> >generations you've been given ample proof (agreed to by yourself above)
|> >that the "new" versions "tends to be out of step with other modern
|> >translations."
|> 
|> What I said was that people took time to *copy* *the* *text* correctly.
|> Translations present completely different issues.

So why do I read in the papers that the Qumram texts had "different
versions" of some OT texts.   Did I misunderstand?

jon. 

From: a137490@lehtori.cc.tut.fi (Aario Sami)
Subject: Re: note to Bobby M.

In <1993Apr10.191100.16094@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

>Insults about the atheistic genocide was totally unintentional.  Under
>atheism, anything can happen, good or bad, including genocide.

And you know why this is? Because you've conveniently _defined_ a theist as
someone who can do no wrong, and you've _defined_ people who do wrong as
atheists. The above statement is circular (not to mention bigoting), and,
as such, has no value.
-- 
Sami Aario         |  "Can you see or measure an atom? Yet you can explode
a137490@cc.tut.fi  |   one. Sunlight is comprised of many atoms."
-------------------'  "Your stupid minds! Stupid, stupid!"
Eros in "Plan 9 From Outer Space"     DISCLAIMER: I don't agree with Eros.

From:  (Rashid)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <1993Apr14.121134.12187@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>,
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) wrote:
> 
> >In article <C5C7Cn.5GB@ra.nrl.navy.mil> khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil (Umar Khan) writes:
Stuff deleted
> >>What we should be demanding, is for Khomeini and his ilk to publicly
> >>come clean and to show their proof that Islamic Law punishes
> >>apostacy with death or that it tolerates any similar form of
> >>coversion of freedom of conscience.

All five schools of law (to the best of my knowledge) support the
death sentence for apostasy WHEN it is accompanied by open, persistent,
and aggravated hostility to Islam. Otherwise
I agree, there is no legal support for punishment of disbelief.
The Qur'an makes it clear that belief is a matter of conscience. Public
or private disavowal of Islam or conversion to another faith is not
punishable (there are some jurists who have gone against this
trend and insisted that apostasy is punishable (even by death) - but
historically they are the exception.

Cursing and Insulting the Prophets falls under the category of "Shatim".

> 
> I just borrowed a book from the library on Khomeini's fatwa etc.
>Lots of stuff deleted<
> 
> And, according to the above analysis, it looks like Khomeini's offering
> of a reward for Rushdie's death in fact constitutes a criminal act
> according to Islamic law.

Please see my post under "Re: Yet more Rushdie (ISLAMIC LAW)".

From: naren@tekig1.PEN.TEK.COM (Naren Bala)
Subject: Re: Slavery (was Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: ...)

In article <sandvik-150493144638@sandvik-kent.apple.com> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:
>Looking at historical evidence such 'perfect utopian' islamic states
>didn't survive. I agree, people are people, and even if you might
>start an Islamic revolution and create this perfect state, it takes 
>some time and the internal corruption will destroy the ground rules --
>again.
>

Nothing is perfect. Nothing is perpetual. i.e. even if it is perfect,
it isn't going to stay that way forever. 

Perpetual machines cannot exist. I thought that there
were some laws in mechanics or thermodynamics stating that.

Not an atheist
BN
--
---------------------------------------------------------------------
- Naren Bala (Software Evaluation Engineer)
- HOME: (503) 627-0380		WORK: (503) 627-2742
- All standard disclaimers apply. 

From: <MVS104@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1993Apr15.150938.975@news.wesleyan.edu>, SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu
(SCOTT D. SAUYET) says:

>Are these his final words?  (And how many here would find that
>appropriate?)  Or is it just that finals got in the way?

>Keep your fingers crossed!

Why should I keep my fingers crossed? I doubt it would do anything. :)

Martin Schulte

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1qkq9t$66n@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> 
|> I'll take a wild guess and say Freedom is objectively valuable.  I base
|> this on the assumption that if everyone in the world were deprived utterly
|> of their freedom (so that their every act was contrary to their volition),
|> almost all would want to complain.  Therefore I take it that to assert or
|> believe that "Freedom is not very valuable", when almost everyone can see
|> that it is, is every bit as absurd as to assert "it is not raining" on
|> a rainy day.  I take this to be a candidate for an objective value, and it
|> it is a necessary condition for objective morality that objective values
|> such as this exist.

My own personal and highly subjective opinion is that freedom
is a good thing.

However, when I here people assert that the only "true" freedom
is in following the words of this and that Messiah, I realise
that people don't even agree on the meaning of the word.

What does it mean to say that word X represents an objective
value when word X has no objective meaning?

jon.

From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

In article <1qi156INNf9n@senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU>, tcbruno@athena.mit.edu (Tom Bruno) writes:
> 
> Wow.  Leave your terminal for a few months and everyone you remember goes
> away-- how depressing.  Actually, there are a few familiar faces out there,
> counting Bob and Kent, but I don't seem to recognize anyone else.  Has anyone
> heard from Graham Matthews recently, or has he gotten his degree and sailed
> for Greener Pastures (tm)?  
> 
> Which brings me to the point of my posting.  How many people out there have 
> been around alt.atheism since 1990?  I've done my damnedest to stay on top of
> the newsgroup, but when you fall behind, you REALLY fall behind (it's still not
> as bad as rec.arts.startrek used to be, but I digress).  Has anyone tried to
> keep up with the deluge?  Inquiring minds want to know!  Also-- does anyone
> keep track of where the more infamous posters to alt.atheism end up, once they
> leave the newsgroup?  Just curious, I guess.
> 
> cheers,
> tom bruno


I am one of those people who always willl have unlimited stores of unfounded
respect for people who have been on newsgroups/mailing lists longer than I
have, so you certainly have my sympathy Tom.  I have only been semi-regularly
posting (it is TOUGHto keep up) since this February, but I have been reading
and following the threads since last August: my school's newsreader was down
for months and our incompetent computing services never bothered to find a new
feed site, so it wasn't accepting outgoing postings.  I don't think anyone
keeps track of where other posters go: it's that old love 'em and leave 'em
Internet for you again...


best regards,

********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
*				   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <bissda.4.734849678@saturn.wwc.edu>, bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:
> 	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 

That's okay:  it's what all the rest of them who come on here say...

> makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
> lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
> writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
> in the process he became a Christian himself.

This isn't the guy who was a lawyer was he?  Could you give more info on this
guy (never mind- I'm sure there will be PLENTY of responses to this post, and
it will appear there)

> 	The arguements he uses I am summing up.  The book is about whether 
> Jesus was God or not.  I know many of you don't believe, but listen to a 
> different perspective for we all have something to gain by listening to what 
> others have to say.

This is true.  Make sure it is true for ALL cases.
  
> 	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a

Why not both?  ;)
 
> modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.
> 	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
> die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  

Why not die for a lie?  If you were poverty stricken and alunatic, sounds
perfecetly reasoable to me.  As to whether the societal dregs he had for
followers would be able to tell if he was a liar or not, not necessarily.
Even if he died for what he believed in, this still makes him completely
selfish.  Like us all.  So what's the difference.


People 
> gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
> someone who was or had been healed.  Call me a fool, but I believe he did 
> heal people.  

There is no historical proof of this (see earlier threads).  Besides, he (or at
least his name), have been the cause of enough deaths to make up for whatever
healing he gave.


> 	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
> to someone who was crazy.  

SIEG HEIL!!


>Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
> anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
> this right away.
>

Who is David Koresh?  I am curious.

 	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
> real thing.  

How does this follow?  Your definition of lunatic (and "disproof" thereof seem
rather... uhhh.. SHAKY)

> 	Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
> the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.  This in his betrayal 
> and Crucifixion.  I don't have my Bible with me at this moment, next time I 
> write I will use it.

Good idea.

> 	I don't think most people understand what a Christian is.  It 
> is certainly not what I see a lot in churches. 

Naturally, those or not TRUE Christians, right?  ;)

> Rather I think it 
> should be a way of life, and a total sacrafice of everything for God's 
> sake.  He loved us enough to die and save us so we should do the 
> same.  Hey we can't do it, God himself inspires us to turn our lives 
> over to him.  That's tuff and most people don't want to do it, to be a 
> real Christian would be something for the strong to persevere at.  But 
> just like weight lifting or guitar playing, drums, whatever it takes 
> time.  We don't rush it in one day, Christianity is your whole life.  
> It is not going to church once a week, or helping poor people once in 
> a while.  We box everything into time units.  Such as work at this 
> time, sports, Tv, social life.  God is above these boxes and should be 
> carried with us into all these boxes that we have created for 
> ourselves.  	  


Someone else handle this, I don't know if it's worth it... *sigh*


********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
*				   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

In article <1993Apr15.050750.3893@nuscc.nus.sg>, cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes:
> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:
> : In article <1q338l$cva@uxa.ecn.bgu.edu>, gsu0033@uxa.ecn.bgu.edu (Eric
> : Molas) wrote:
> : > Christianity is an infectious cult.  The reasons it flourishes are 
> : > because 1) it gives people without hope or driven purpose in life
> : > a safety blanked to hide behind.  "Oh wow..all i have to do is 
> : > follow this christian moral standard and I get eternal happiness."
> : 
> : I agree that in many cases primitive emotional feelings based on
> : 'haha, you won't laugh in hell' mentalities makes certain religions
> : very attractive for certain personalities.
> 
> I agree with both of u, but I would like to make a small point.  Xtianity, &
> other dogmatic religions, not only attract people without hope etc but
> also attract "average" people as well.  I believe that Xtainity, thru
> its escapist doctrines & absolutist attitudes, provides great psychological 
> shelter from day-to-day frustrations, unhappiness & fear of uncertainty 
> & unknown etc.
>

This is a good point, but I think "average" people do not take up Christianity
so much out of fear or escapism, but, quite simply, as a way to improve their
social life, or to get more involved with American culture, if they are kids of
immigrants for example.  Since it is the overwhelming major religion in the
Western World (in some form or other), it is simply the choice people take if
they are bored and want to do something new with their lives, but not somethong
TOO new, or TOO out of the ordinary.  Seems a little weak, but as long as it
doesn't hurt anybody...
 
> The Buddha had something to say about the attractiveness of religions:
> 
>    "When driven by fear, man worships sacred mountains, sacred stones, 
> 	and sacred trees." 
> 
> However, the Buddha also said,
> 
> 	"If somebody finds peace in any religion, let him be".
> 
> 

These are good quotes, and I agree with both of them, but let's make sure to
alter the scond one so that includes something like "...let him be, as long as
he is not preventing others from finding their peace." or something like that. 
(Of course, I suppose, if someone were REALLY "at peace", there would be no
need for inflicting evangelism)


> Personally, I feel that since religion have such a poweful
> psychological effect, we should let theists be.  But the problem is that
> religions cause enormous harm to non-believers and to humanity as a whole
> (holy wars, inquisitions, inter-religious hatred, impedence of science
> & intellectual progress, us-&-them attitudes etc etc.  Need I say more?).
> I really don't know what we can do about them.  Any comments?
> 
Well, it is a sure thing we will have to live with them all our lives.  Their
popularity seems to come and go.  I remember when I first entered High School,
I was an atheist (always had been) and so were about 7 of my friends.  At this
time, 5 of those 7 have converted, always to Christianity (they were all also
immigrants from Taiwan, or sons of immigrants, hence my earlier gross
generalization).  Christianity seems a lot more popular to people now than it
ever has before (since I've been noticing).  Maybe it is just my perceptions
that are chagning.  Who knows?
I for one am perfectly willing to live and let live with them, so long as we
have some set of abstract rights/agreements on how we should treat each other:
I have no desire to be hurt by them or their notions.  For all the well-put
arguments on this usenet, it never does any good.  Argumentation does not
really seem to apply to Christians (or even some atheists)- it must simply be a
step the person takes naturally, almost, "instinctively"...


best regards,

********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
*				   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************
>
--
> 
> The UnEnlightened One
> ------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
>                   | "Buddhism has the characteristics of what would be 
> Tan Chade Meng    | expected in a cosmic religion for the future: it
> Singapore         | transcends a personal God, avoids dogmas and theology;
> cmtan@iss.nus.sg  | it covers both the natural & spiritual, and it is
>                   | based on a religious sense aspiring from the experience
>                   | of all things, natural and spiritual, as a meaningful
>                   | unity"     --  Einstein
> ------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
> 
> 
> 

From: geoff@East.Sun.COM (Geoff Arnold @ Sun BOS - R.H. coast near the top)
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

Your posting provoked me into checking my save file for memorable
posts. The first I captured was by Ken Arromdee on 19 Feb 1990, on the
subject "Re: atheist too?". That was article #473 here; your question
was article #53766, which is an average of about 48 articles a day for
the last three years. As others have noted, the current posting rate is
such that my kill file is depressing large...... Among the posting I
saved in the early days were articles from the following notables:

>From: loren@sunlight.llnl.gov (Loren Petrich)
>From: jchrist@nazareth.israel.rel (Jesus Christ of Nazareth)
>From: mrc@Tomobiki-Cho.CAC.Washington.EDU (Mark Crispin)
>From: perry@apollo.HP.COM (Jim Perry)
>From: lippard@uavax0.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)
>From: minsky@media.mit.edu (Marvin Minsky)

An interesting bunch.... I wonder where #2 is?
---
Geoff Arnold, PC-NFS architect, Sun Select. (geoff.arnold@East.Sun.COM)
--------------------------------------------------+-------------------
"What if they made the whole thing up?            | "The Great Lie" by
 Four guys, two thousand years ago, over wine..." |    The Tear Garden


From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:

>>I think that you are confusing the words "objective" and "inherent."
>>And objective system is simply one in which an outside observer who,
>>given the postulates of the system, could perfectly judge any situation
>>or action as consistent with the system (right) or not (wrong).  You seem
>>to be objecting because the goals of the system are not inherent.  That is,
>>you seem to want to define an objective system as one in which the
>>postulates themselves could be determined by some outside observer.
>>I don't think that this is a good definition of an objective system.
>Then you need to learn English.

Really>`?

>Gravity is an objective system.  Anybody can learn what it is, and perform
>experiments.  They will get the same results as every other person who
>has performed those experiments.

No, gravity is an inherent system.  You don't need any excess information
other than observations to determine anything.  It is possible to objectively
determine someone's guilt or innocence within an non-inherent system.
I agree that morality is not necessarily inherent (unless you state that
everything we do has an evolutionary basis), but this does not mean that
it cannot be objective in theory.

>This "natural morality" is not an objective system, as evidenced by
>your comments about lions, and mine.

Perhaps it can be objective, but not inherent.  Anyway, as I noted before,
the practices related to mating rituals, etc. among the animals are likely
the only ones to be considered "immoral" under the previous "definitions"
of the natural law.  Therefore, some revisions are in order, since the
class of activities surrounding mating seem to pose some general problems.

>>And in fact, the only way that the postulates could be determined by an
>>outsider would be if there were some sort of higher truth, like some
>>sort of god or something.  But, I do not think that a god is necessary
>>for an objective system, while it seems that you do.
>What are you trying to say here?

It seens that you are objecting to the notion of an objective system
because perhaps you think that it would imply inherence, which would
necessitate some sort of grand design?

>>No, I have classified behavior of most animals as in line with a
>>moral system.  It is certainly possible for animals to commit acts
>>which are outside of their rules of ethics, but they don't seem to
>>do so very often.  Perhaps they are not intelligent enough to be
>>immoral.
>And perhaps it's because you have yet to define a "moral" system.

I think I have.  It is a code of ethics which basically defines undesired
behaviors, etc.  An immoral behavior could be unwanted, unproductive,
or destructive, etc., depending on the goal of the system (that is,
immoral to what end?).

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:

>>Natural morality may specifically be thought of as a code of ethics that
>>a certain species has developed in order to survive.
>Wait.  Are we talking about ethics or morals here?

Is the distinction important?

>>We see this countless
>>times in the animal kingdom, and such a "natural" system is the basis for
>>our own system as well.
>Huh?

Well, our moral system seems to mimic the natural one, in a number of ways.

>>In order for humans to thrive, we seem to need
>>to live in groups,
>Here's your problem.  "we *SEEM* to need".  What's wrong with the highlighted
>word?

I don't know.  What is wrong?  Is it possible for humans to survive for
a long time in the wild?  Yes, it's possible, but it is difficult.  Humans
are a social animal, and that is a cause of our success.

>>and in order for a group to function effectively, it
>>needs some sort of ethical code.
>This statement is not correct.

Isn't it?  Why don't you think so?

>>And, by pointing out that a species' conduct serves to propogate itself,
>>I am not trying to give you your tautology, but I am trying to show that
>>such are examples of moral systems with a goal.  Propogation of the species
>>is a goal of a natural system of morality.
>So anybody who lives in a monagamous relationship is not moral?  After all,
>in order to ensure propogation of the species, every man should impregnate
>as many women as possible.

No.  As noted earlier, lack of mating (such as abstinence or homosexuality)
isn't really destructive to the system.  It is a worst neutral.

>For that matter, in herds of horses, only the dominate stallion mates.  When
>he dies/is killed/whatever, the new dominate stallion is the only one who
>mates.  These seems to be a case of your "natural system of morality" trying
>to shoot itself in the figurative foot.

Again, the mating practices are something to be reexamined...

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:

>>But chimps are almost human...
>Does this mean that Chimps have a moral will?

Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:

>So how do you then explain sudden violent behavior of human beings?
>Your theory would state that the more the human is detached from 
>primitive behavior, the more violent and non-moralistic the human
>becomes (please correct me if my understanding was wrong). So
>you have this bifurcation point where a madman is killing people
>from the roof of a campus. Could you explain how your 'theory'
>explains such a situation?

Madmen are mad.  Do we try to explain the output from a broken computer?
I think not.

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>To show that the examples I and others
>have provided are *not* counter examples of your supposed inherent
>moral hypothesis, you have to successfully argue that
>domestication removes or alters this morality.

I think that domestication will change behavior to a large degree.
Domesticated animals exhibit behaviors not found in the wild.  I
don't think that they can be viewed as good representatives of the
wild animal kingdom, since they have been bred for thousands of years
to produce certain behaviors, etc.

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

mmwang@adobe.com (Michael Wang) writes:

>>Well, I have typed in the OED definitions.  As you will note upon reading
>>them, a punishment, being an inanimate object, is incapable of "showing
>>mercy."  So, you can not say that a merciless punishment is a cruel one.
>Sorry, you must have missed the stuff in parens when you read the
>definition (where transf. = transferred sense and fig. =
>figurative,-ly). "Things" can be cruel. Samples of text from the first
>definition include, "Because I would not see thy cruell nailes Plucke
>out his poore old eyes," and "The puniness of man in the centre of a
>cruel and frowning universe."

Sure nails can be cruel.  I'd imagine nails in your eyes would be
*very* painful.  But, this does not imply that a painless death is
cruel, which is what you are supposed to be trying to show.

keith

From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <sfnNTrC00WBO43LRUK@andrew.cmu.edu> "David R. Sacco" <dsav+@andrew.cmu.edu> 
writes:

>After tons of mail, could we move this discussion to alt.religion?

Yes.

MAC
>=============================================================
>--There are many here among us who feel that life is but a joke. (Bob Dylan)
>--"If you were happy every day of your life you wouldn't be a human
>being, you'd be a game show host." (taken from the movie "Heathers.")
>--Lecture (LEK chur) - process by which the notes of the professor
>become the notes of the student without passing through the minds of
>either.
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <1qjahh$mrs@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) 
writes:

>In article <pww-140493214334@spac-at1-59.rice.edu> pww@spacsun.rice.edu 
(Peter Walker) writes:
>#In article <1qie61$fkt@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank
>#O'Dwyer) wrote:
>#> Objective morality is morality built from objective values.
>#
>#But where do those objective values come from? How can we measure them?
>#What mediated thair interaction with the real world, a moralon? Or a scalar
>#valuino field?

>Science ("the real world") has its basis in values, not the other way round, 
>as you would wish it.  If there is no such thing as objective value, then 
>science can not objectively be said to be more useful than a kick in the head.
>Simple theories with accurate predictions could not objectively be said
>to be more useful than a set of tarot cards.  You like those conclusions?
>I don't.

>#And how do we know they exist in the first place?

>One assumes objective reality, one doesn't know it.  

>-- 
>Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
>odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

How do we measure truth, beauty, goodness, love, friendship, trust, honesty, 
etc.?  If things have no basis in objective fact then aren't we limited in what
we know to be true?  Can't we say that we can examples or instances of reason,
but cannot measure reason, or is that semantics?

MAC
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <kmr4.1576.734879396@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:

>In article <1qj9gq$mg7@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank 
O'Dwyer) writes:

>>Is good logic *better* than bad?  Is good science better than bad?  

> By definition.


> great - good - okay - bad - horrible

>    << better
>       worse >>


> Good is defined as being better than bad.

>---
How do we come up with this setup?  Is this subjective, if enough people agreed
we could switch the order?  Isn't this defining one unknown thing by another? 
That is, good is that which is better than bad, and bad is that which is worse
than good?  Circular?

MAC
>   Only when the Sun starts to orbit the Earth will I accept the Bible. 
>        

--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <lsran6INN14a@exodus.Eng.Sun.COM> emarsh@hernes-sun.Eng.Sun.COM (Eric 
Marsh) writes:

>In article <C5HqxJ.JDG@ux1.cso.uiuc.edu> lis450bw@ux1.cso.uiuc.edu (lis450 
Student) writes:
>>Hmmmm.  Define objective morality.  Well, depends upon who you talk to.
>>Some say it means you can't have your hair over your ears, and others say
>>it means Stryper is acceptable.  _I_ would say that general principles
>>of objective morality would be listed in one or two places.

>>Ten Commandments

>>Sayings of Jesus

>>the first depends on whether you trust the Bible, 

>>the second depends on both whether you think Jesus is God, and whether
>>  you think we have accurate copies of the NT.

>Gong!

>Take a moment and look at what you just wrote. First you defined
>an "objective" morality and then you qualified this "objective" morality
>with subjective justifications. Do you see the error in this?

>Sorry, you have just disqualified yourself, but please play again.

>>MAC
>>

>eric

Huh?  Please explain.  Is there a problem because I based my morality on 
something that COULD be wrong?  Gosh, there's a heck of a lot of stuff that I 
believe that COULD be wrong, and that comes from sources that COULD be wrong. 
What do you base your belief on atheism on?  Your knowledge and reasoning? 
COuldn't that be wrong?

MAC
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

> O.K., so pick former Yugoslavia instead and say their problems are caused
> by communism, it doesn't really matter.  But I guess religious leaders are
> calling for an end to that, too, so it can't be religiously motivated.  This
> despite the fact that the Christians carve crosses in dead Muslims chests.
> Maybe they just want land.  Maybe its something else they want.  Maybe the
> cross carvings are just accidental.  I don't know.  Just looks suspicious.

Most likely the tragic situation in Bosnia is a combination of ethnical
and religious motives, where religion is just one attribute that separates
the groups from each other.

But I must agree that the sad saga in Bosnia is a terrible example
of a case where religion is not helping, instead it is used as a weapon
against other humans. And my sympathies are mostly on the Bosnian side,
it looks like the Serbs are the oppressors, willing to use even
Christianity as a weapon against their former friends.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

: >> The death penalty was conceived as a deterrent to crime,  but the legal
: >> shenanigans that have been added (automatic appeals, lengthy court
: >> battles, etc.) have relegated that purpose to a very small part of what
: >> it should be.  Hence the question is,  do we instate the death penalty as
: >> it was meant to be, and see if that deters crime, or do we get rid of
: >> it entirely?

  I doubt the death penalty was supposed to be a "deterrent" to crime. If so,
why doesn't every crime carry a death penalty ? That would be effictive
wouldn't it ???

  The death penalty is a punishment, much like a $50 fine for speeding is
a punishment. Anyway, somebody with murder on the mind doesn't much care
about the consequences. I think another problem is that people dont think
they will get caught. If I wanted to kill another person, I wouldn't 
care what the penalty was if I didn't think I would get caught.

  If it was to be strictly a deterrent, it should have been more along 
the lines of torture.

Dave Fuller
dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com


From: dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes:
: 
[ . . . . . ]
:
: Personally, I feel that since religion have such a poweful
: psychological effect, we should let theists be.  But the problem is that
: religions cause enormous harm to non-believers and to humanity as a whole
: (holy wars, inquisitions, inter-religious hatred, impedence of science
: & intellectual progress, us-&-them attitudes etc etc.  Need I say more?).
: I really don't know what we can do about them.  Any comments?
: 

  I have always held that there should be no attempt to change a persons
attitude or lifestyle as long as it makes them happy and does not tax
anybody else. This seems to be ok for atheists. You don't get an atheist
knocking on your door, stopping you in the airport, or handing out
literature at a social event. Theists seem to think that thier form of
happy should work for others and try to make it so. 

  My sister is a 
born again, and she was a real thorn in the side for my entire family
for several years. She finally got the clue that she couldn't help.
During that period she bought me "I was atheist, now I'm Xtian" books
for my birthday and Xmas several times. Our birthday cards would contain
verses. It was a problem. I told my mom that I was going to send my
sister an atheist piece of reading material. I got a "Don't you dare".
My mom wasn't religious. Why did she insist that I not send it ??

   Because our society has driven into us that religion is ok to
preach, non-religion should be self contained. What a crock of shit.
I finally told my sister that I didn't find her way of life attractive.
I have seen exactly 0 effort from her on trying to convert me since then.

   I'm sick of religious types being pampered, looked out for, and WORST
OF ALL . . . . respected more than atheists. There must be an end
in sight.

Dave Fuller
dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com


From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: Bible Quiz

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>         Would you mind e-mailing me the questions, with the pairs of answers?
> I would love to have them for the next time a Theist comes to my door!

I'd like this too... maybe you should post an answer key after a while?

Nanci

.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
It is better to be a coward for a minute than dead for the rest of your
life.


From: <SEC108@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Why the bible?

      One thing I think is interesting about alt.athiesm is the fact that
without bible-thumpers and their ilk this would be a much duller newsgroup.
It almost needs the deluded masses to write silly things for athiests to
tear apart. Oh well, that little tidbit aside here is what I really wanted
write about.

      How can anyone believe in such a sorry document as the bible? If you
want to be religious aren't there more plausable books out there? Seriously,
the bible was written by multiple authors who repeatedly contradict each
other. One minute it tells you to kill your kid if he talks back and the next
it says not to kill at all. I think that if xtians really want to follow a
deity they should pick one that can be consistent, unlike the last one they
invented.

      For people who say Jesus was the son of god, didn't god say not to
EVER put ANYONE else before him? Looks like you did just that. Didn't god
say not to make any symbols or idols? What are crosses then? Don't you think
that if you do in fact believe in the bible that you are rather far off track?

Was Jesus illiterate? Why didn't he write anything? Anyone know?

      I honestly hope that people who believe in the bible understand that
it is just one of the religious texts out there and that it is one of the
poorer quality ones to boot. The only reason xtianity escaped the middle east
is because a certain roman who's wine was poisoned with lead made all of rome
xtian after a bad dream.

      If this posting keeps one person, just ONE person, from standing on a
streetcorner and telling people they are going to hell I will be happy.





*** Only hatred and snap judgements can guide your robots through life. ***
***                                    Dr. Clayton Forester             ***
***                                       Mad Scientist                 ***


From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:

>>>How many contridictions do you want to see?
>>Good question. If I claim something is a general trend, then to disprove this,
>>I guess you'd have to show that it was not a general trend.
>No, if you're going to claim something, then it is up to you to prove it.
>Think "Cold Fusion".

Well, I've provided examples to show that the trend was general, and you
(or others) have provided some counterexamples, mostly ones surrounding
mating practices, etc.  I don't think that these few cases are enough to
disprove the general trend of natural morality.  And, again, the mating
practices need to be reexamined...

>>Try to find "immoral" non-mating-related activities.
>So you're excluding mating-related-activities from your "natural morality"?

No, but mating practices are a special case.  I'll have to think about it
some more.

>>Yes, I think that the natural system can be objectively deduced with the
>>goal of species propogation in mind.  But, I am not equating the two
>>as you so think.  That is, an objective system isn't necessarily the
>>natural one.
>Are you or are you not the man who wrote:
>"A natural moral system is the objective moral system that most animals
> follow".

Indeed.  But, while the natural system is objective, all objective systems
are not the natural one.  So, the terms can not be equated.  The natural
system is a subset of the objective ones.

>Now, since homosexuality has been observed in most animals (including
>birds and dolphins), are you going to claim that "most animals" have
>the capacity of being immoral?

I don't claim that homosexuality is immoral.  It isn't harmful, although
it isn't helpful either (to the mating process).  And, when you say that
homosexuality is observed in the animal kingdom, don't you mean "bisexuality?"

>>>>Because we can't determine to what end we should be "moral."
>Are you claiming to be a group?  "We" usually implies more than one entity.

This is standard jargon.  Read any textbook.  The "we" forms are used
throughout.

>>Well, I'm saying that these goals are not inherent.  That is why they must
>>be postulates, because there is not really a way to determine them
>>otherwise (although it could be argued that they arise from the natural
>>goal--but they are somewhat removed).
>Postulate: To assume; posit.

That's right.  The goals themselves aren't inherent.

>I can create a theory with a postulate that the Sun revolves around the
>Earth, that the moon is actually made of green cheese, and the stars are
>the portions of Angels that intrudes into three-dimensional reality.

You could, but such would contradict observations.

>I can build a mathematical proof with a postulate that given the length
>of one side of a triangle, the length of a second side of the triangle, and
>the degree of angle connecting them, I can determine the length of the
>third side.

But a postulate is something that is generally (or always) found to be
true.  I don't think your postulate would be valid.

>Guess which one people are going to be more receptive to.  In order to assume
>something about your system, you have to be able to show that your postulates
>work.

Yes, and I think the goals of survival and happiness *do* work.  You think
they don't?  Or are they not good goals?

keith

From: jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only)
Subject: Re: New Member

In article <C5HIEw.7s1@portal.hq.videocart.com> dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
>
>  Hello. I just started reading this group today, and I think I am going
>to be a large participant in its daily postings. I liked the section of
>the FAQ about constructing logical arguments - well done. I am an atheist,
>but I do not try to turn other people into atheists. I only try to figure
>why people believe the way they do - I don't much care if they have a 
>different view than I do. When it comes down to it . . . I could be wrong.
>I am willing to admit the possibility - something religious followers 
>dont seem to have the capability to do.
>
>  Happy to be aboard !
>
>Dave Fuller
>dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com

Welcome.  I am the official keeper of the list of nicknames that people
are known by on alt.atheism (didn't know we had such a list, did you).
Your have been awarded the nickname of "Buckminster."  So the next time
you post an article, sign with your nickname like so:
Dave "Buckminster" Fuller.  Thanks again.

Jim "Humor means never having to say you're sorry" Copeland
--
If God is dead and the actor plays his part                    | -- Sting,
His words of fear will find their way to a place in your heart | History
Without the voice of reason every faith is its own curse       | Will Teach Us
Without freedom from the past things can only get worse        | Nothing

From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <C5HKv2.Epv@blaze.cs.jhu.edu> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:

>In article <115256@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>>Judaism, for one. Maddi has confirmed this for one. And again I
>>reiterate that one can easily leave the religion at any time,
>>simply by making a public declaration. If one is too lazy to do
>>that then the religion cannot be held responsible.

>There are many "Islamic" countries where publically renouncing Islam can be
>quite dangerous.  These countries might not, according to you, necessarily be
>practicing "true" Islam, but the danger still remains; one cannot blame
>failure to publically renounce Islam on "laziness" as opposed to a desire to
>stay alive and well.

Of course, if you're planning to pull a Rushdie then declaring one's
leaving the religion is little to be concerned about compared to one's
other plans.


In Rushdie's case, the one under discussion, one can. It is tragic that
in _some_ "Islamic" countries this is so. There are, however, Islamic
countries (whose constitutions contains statements that Islamic law is
to be incorporated), e.g. Kuwait, where one can freely make such
statements without fear.


>Not to mention that it has already been pointed out that Rushdie has said in
>his books that he's not a Muslim, and there have surely been enough readers of
>his books to provide the appropriate number of witnesses.

This story has become tiresome. The conditions are clear. If you care to
make your point clear then make a chronology and show that he had made
public statements about leaving Islam prior to his writing of _TSV_. If
he did make such statements then he should have made _that_ clear rather
than trying to rejoin Islam or go on talking about his personal
feelings.



Gregg

From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr10.123858.25059@bradford.ac.uk> L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham) writes:

>Gregg Jaeger (jaeger@buphy.bu.edu) wrote:

>> Khomenei was a jerk and so were plenty of 
>>British "leaders", so what? 

>>THE QUR'AN is the basis of judgement. Khomenei was clearly a heretic
>>by the standards of the Qur'an. End of story.

>Could you be a little more specific as to exactly why Khomanei was a
>heretic and a jerk as judged by the Koran.  I have no liking for the
>guy, but as far as I know he has done nothing contrary to the teachings
>of the Koran, or at least so I'm told by several Iranian research
>students that I share an office with.

>It is easy and convenient for you to denounce him.  But I have the 
>feeling that your views are not as clear cut and widely accepted as you
>suggest.

I have made this clear elsewhere but will do so again. Khomeini put a 
price on the head of someone in another country, this makes him a jerk
as well as an international outlaw. Khomeini advocates the view that
there was a series of twelve Islamic leaders (the Twelve Imams) who
are free of error or sin. This makes him a heretic. In the Qur'an 
Muhammad is chastised for error directly by God; the Qur'an says that
Muhammad is the greatest example of proper Islamic behavior; thus
no muslim is free from error. 


>As usual there seems to be almost as many Islamic viewpoints as there
>are Muslims.  

Perhaps it seems so to you, but this is hardly the case. There is
widespread agreement about matters of Islam. There certainly are
many viewpoints on issues which are not particularly Islamic in
and of themselves, but this is so for any large group of people
under the same name. 

>It all comes back to the Koran being so imprecise in its wording.

The Qur'an is not particularly imprecise in wording, though it is true
that several interpretations are possible in the interpretations of
many words. However, as an entire text the Qur'an makes its meanings
precise enough for intelligent people free from power lust to come
to agreement about them. 



Gregg

From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr10.124753.25195@bradford.ac.uk> L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham) writes:

>Gregg Jaeger (jaeger@buphy.bu.edu) wrote:

>>Well, it seemed slightly incongruous to find the Union Jack flying
>>at City Hall in Belfast. 

>May I ask why?  It's there not because the British want it there (NI
>is just one big expensive problem), it's there because that is
>what the majority of the population of NI want.  Is there some
>problem with that?

The majority of those who can open their mouths in public perhaps.
There seems quite alot of incentive for the British to have control
of NI, like using the North Channel and Irish Sea as a waste dump (I was
appalled at the dumping I saw in the harbor in Belfast). It is my
understanding that quite alot of radioactivity enters the water --
it'd be quite a problem if NI got its independence from Britain and
then stopped accepting the waste. Are you suggesting that British
industry isn't making profit off the situation as well?


Gregg

From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr10.125109.25265@bradford.ac.uk> L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham) writes:

>Gregg Jaeger (jaeger@buphy.bu.edu) wrote:

>>Could you please explain in what way the Qur'an in your eyes carries
>>"the excess baggage of another era"? The Qur'an in my opinion carries
>>no such baggage. 

>How about trying to run a modern economy without charging interest on
>loans.  From what I hear, even fundamentalist Iran is having to
>compromise this ideal.

Which sort of loans and what have you heard exactly?


Gregg

From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1qi3l5$jkj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>I hope an Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI, which
>ripped off so many small depositors among the Muslim
>community in the Uk and elsewhere.

>jon.

Grow up, childish propagandist.




Gregg

From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <1993Apr10.130112.25440@bradford.ac.uk> L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham) writes:

>Gregg Jaeger (jaeger@buphy.bu.edu) wrote:

>>>And no, in Western countries, it isn't a "legal" concept 
>>>at all, so it's not the slightest bit pertinent to the
>>>topic, which is a British author living in the United 
>>>Kingdom under the protection of British law.

>>Ah, yes, I keep forgetting, governments are superior entities to
>>religious organizations. Forgive me -- the gun is the higher law.

>This is degenerating to 'Zumder logic.  Of course governments are
>superior entities, they are elected by the people, whereas religious
>leaders certainly are not.

Perhaps not in Christianity, but in Islam the choice of religious
leaders is to be made by the people. So much for your superiority
argument.


>  Those who the people trust to make the law
>obviously represents the higher law.  That is democracy.

Democracy is a basic element of Islam. Learn that one!

Ever notice that the so-called "fundamentalists" in Algeria
who are being repressed by the secular government won in
free and democratic elections.


Gregg

From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <11810@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
>Subject: Re: free moral agency
>Date: 14 Apr 93 21:41:31 GMT
>In article <healta.133.734810202@saturn.wwc.edu> healta@saturn.wwc.edu (TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
>>>
>>In the Old testement, Satan is RARELY mentioned, if at all. 
>
>
>  Huh?  Doesn't the SDA Bible contain the book of Job?
>
>>This is why there is suffering in the world, we are caught inthe crossfire. 
>>and sometimes, innocents as well as teh guilty get hurt.
>>That's my opinion and I hope I cleared up a few things.
>>
>
>  Seems like your omnipotent and omniscient god has "got some
>  'splainin' to do" then.  Or did he just create Satan for shits and
>  giggles?
>
>/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 
>
>Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 
>
>They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
>and sank Manhattan out at sea.
>
>^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
I didn't say it NEVER mentioned Satan, I said it RARELY, if at all.  Please 
excuse me for my lack of perfect memory or omnipotence.

Tammy
P.S I'm soory if I sound cranky.  I apoplogize now before anyone's feelings 
get hurt.

From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: note to Bobby M.

In article <1993Apr14.190904.21222@daffy.cs.wisc.edu> mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
>From: mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
>Subject: Re: note to Bobby M.
>Date: Wed, 14 Apr 1993 19:09:04 GMT
>In article <1993Apr14.131548.15938@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>>In <madhausC5CKIp.21H@netcom.com> madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann) writes:
>>
>>>Mark, how much do you *REALLY* know about vegetarian diets?
>>>The problem is not "some" B-vitamins, it's balancing proteins.  
>>>There is also one vitamin that cannot be obtained from non-animal
>>>products, and this is only of concern to VEGANS, who eat no
>>>meat, dairy, or eggs.  I believe it is B12, and it is the only
>>>problem.  Supplements are available for vegans; yes, the B12
>>>does come from animal by-products.  If you are on an ovo-lacto
>>>vegetarian diet (eat dairy and eggs) this is not an issue.
>
>I didn't see the original posting, but...
>Yes, I do know about vegetarian diets, considering that several of my
>close friends are devout vegetarians, and have to take vitamin supplements.
>B12 was one of the ones I was thinking of, it has been a long time since
>I read the article I once saw talking about the special dietary needs
>of vegetarians so I didn't quote full numbers.  (Considering how nice
>this place is. ;)
>
>>B12 can also come from whole-grain rice, I understand.  Some brands here
>>in Australia (and other places too, I'm sure) get the B12 in the B12
>>tablets from whole-grain rice.
>
>Are you sure those aren't an enriched type?  I know it is basically
>rice and soybeans to get almost everything you need, but I hadn't heard
>of any rice having B12.  
>
>>Just thought I'd contribute on a different issue from the norm :)
>
>You should have contributed to the programming thread earlier. :)
>
>> Fred Rice
>> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   
>
>M^2
>
If one is a vegan (a vegetarian taht eats no animal products at at i.e eggs, 
milk, cheese, etc., after about 3 years of a vegan diet, you need to start 
taking B12 supplements because b12 is found only in animals.) Acutally our 
bodies make B12, I think, but our bodies use up our own B12 after 2 or 3 
years.  
Lacto-oveo vegetarians, like myself, still get B12 through milk products 
and eggs, so we don't need supplements.
And If anyone knows more, PLEASE post it.  I'm nearly contridicting myself 
with the mish-mash of knowledge I've gleaned.

Tammy

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:

>>So, you are saying that it isn't possible for an instinctive act
>>to be moral one?  That is, in order for an act to be an act of morality,
>>the person must consider the immoral action but then disregard it?
>No, I'm saying that in order for an act to be moral or immoral, somebody/
>someone/something must _consider_ it to be so.  That implies intelligence,
>not instinct.

Who has to consider it?  The being that does the action?  I'm still
not sure I know what you are trying to say.

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>So, you are saying that it isn't possible for an instinctive act
>>to be moral one?
>I like to think that many things are possible.   Explain to me
>how instinctive acts can be moral acts, and I am happy to listen.

For example, if it were instinctive not to murder...

>>That is, in order for an act to be an act of morality,
>>the person must consider the immoral action but then disregard 
>>it?
>Weaker than that.   There must be the possibility that the
>organism - it's not just people we are talking about - can
>consider alternatives.

So, only intelligent beings can be moral, even if the bahavior of other
beings mimics theirs?  And, how much emphasis do you place on intelligence?
Animals of the same species could kill each other arbitarily, but they
don't.  Are you trying to say that this isn't an act of morality because
most animals aren't intelligent enough to think like we do?

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>I don't expect the lion to know, or not know anything of the kind.
>In fact, I don't have any evidence that lions ever consider such 
>issues.
>And that, of course, is why I don't think you can assign moral
>significance to the instinctive behaviour of lions.

What I've been saying is that moral behavior is likely the null behavior.
That is, it doesn't take much work to be moral, but it certainly does to
be immoral (in some cases).  Also, I've said that morality is a remnant
of evolution.  Our moral system is based on concepts well practiced in
the animal kingdom.

>>So you are basically saying that you think a "moral" is an undefinable
>>term, and that "moral systems" don't exist?  If we can't agree on a
>>definition of these terms, then how can we hope to discuss them?
>No, it's perfectly clear that I am saying that I know what a moral
>is in *my* system, but that I can't speak for other people.

But, this doesn't get us anywhere.  Your particular beliefs are irrelevant
unless you can share them or discuss them...

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: ? (was Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?))

sdoe@nmsu.edu (Stephen Doe) writes:

>>Of course, if at some later time we think that the death penalty
>>*is* cruel or unusual, it will be outlawed.  But at the present,
>>most people don't seem to think this way.
>*This* from the same fellow who speaks of an "objective" or "natural"
>morality.  I suppose that if the majority decides slavery is OK, then
>it is no longer immoral?

I did not claim that our system was objective.


keith

From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <2BCC892B.21864@ics.uci.edu> bvickers@ics.uci.edu (Brett J. Vickers) writes:

>In article <115290@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>>Well, seeing as you are not muslim the sort of fatwa issued by Khomeini
>>would not be relevant to you. I can understand your fear of persecution
>>and I share it even more than you (being muslim), however Rushdie's
>>behavior was not completely excusable.

>Why should a fatwa issued by Khomeini be relevant to anyone who
>doesn't live in Iran?

Issued by Khomeini it shouldn't be relevant to anyone. But issued
by an honest and learned scholar of Islam it would be relevant to
any muslim as it would be contrary to Islamic law which all muslims
are required to respect.

>  Who is it that decides whether Rushdie's behavior is excusable? 

Anyone sufficiently well versed in Islamic law and capable of reasoning,
if you are talking about a weak sense of "excuse." It depends on what 
sense of "excuse" you have in mind.


> And who cares if you think it is inexcusable?

Only someone who thinks my opinion is important, obviously.
Obviously you don't care, nor do I care that you don't care.


Gregg

From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: Free Moral Agency and Kent S.

In article <sandvik-140493185034@sandvik-kent.apple.com> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:
>From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
>Subject: Re: Free Moral Agency and Kent S.
>Date: Thu, 15 Apr 1993 01:51:57 GMT
>In article <healta.135.734811375@saturn.wwc.edu>, healta@saturn.wwc.edu
>(TAMMY R HEALY) wrote:
>> Ezekiel 28:17 says, Your hart was filled with pride because of all your 
>> beauty; you corrupted your wisdom for the sake of your splendor.  Therefore 
>> I have cast you down the the ground and exposed you helpless before the 
>> curious gaze of Kings."
>
>> For those of you who are Bible scholars, you knowthat the 1st 11 verses 
>> refer to the Prince of Tyre.  This is a prophesy about and addressed to the 
>> human prince.  Verses 12-19 refer to the King of Tyre, which is a term for 
>> Satan.
>
>Tammy, what's the rationale to connect the prince of Tyre with Satan,
>could you give us more rational bible cites, thanks? I'm afraid that
>if this is not the case, your thinking model falls apart like a house
>of cards. But let's see!
>
>Cheers,
>Kent
>---
>sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

At the time Ezekiel was written, Israel was in apostacy again and if I'm not 
mistaken, Tyre was about to make war on Israel.  Like I said, the Prince of 
Tyre was the human ruler of Tyre.  He was a wicked man.  By calling Satan 
the King of Tyre, Ezekiel was saying that Satan is the real ruler over Tyre.

Don't think my interpretation is neccessarily the orthodox Christian one, 
although most Christian Bible commentaries interpret the King of Tyre as 
being a reference to Satan. (I haven't read Ezekiel throughly in a long 
time.)

Tammy

From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: free moral agency and Jeff Clark

In article <16BB112DFC.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
>Subject: Re: free moral agency and Jeff Clark
>Date: Thu, 15 Apr 1993 20:28:27 GMT
>In article <healta.136.734813153@saturn.wwc.edu>
>healta@saturn.wwc.edu (TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
> 
>(Deletion)
>>You also said,"Why did millions suffer for what Adam and Ee did?  Seems a
>>pretty sick way of going about creating a universe..."
>>
>>I'm gonna respond by giving a small theology lesson--forgive me, I used
>>to be a theology major.
>>First of all, I believe that this planet is involved in a cosmic struggle--
>>"the Great Controversy betweed Christ and Satan" (i borrowed a book title).
>>God has to consider the interests of the entire universe when making
>>decisions.
>(Deletion)
> 
>An universe it has created. By the way, can you tell me why it is less
>tyrannic to let one of one's own creatures do what it likes to others?
>By your definitions, your god has created Satan with full knowledge what
>would happen - including every choice of Satan.
> 
>Can you explain us what Free Will is, and how it goes along with omniscience?
>Didn't your god know everything that would happen even before it created the
>world? Why is it concerned about being a tyrant when noone would care if
>everything was fine for them? That the whole idea comes from the possibility
>to abuse power, something your god introduced according to your description?
> 
> 
>By the way, are you sure that you have read the FAQ? Especially the part
>about preaching?
>   Benedikt

I don't feel that I'm preaching. I'm just trying to answer people's 
questions and talking about my religion, my beliefs.
When it comes to what I post, I don't do it with the intent of converting 
anyone.  I don't expect for the atheists in this newsgroup to take what I 
say with a grain of salt if they so wish.
I just state what I beleve, they ask me how I believeit and why and we all 
go on. 
If that's preaching, then I'm soory and I'll get off the soapbox.

Tammy

  

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:

>>Look, I'm not the one that made those Nazi comparisons.  Other people
>>compared what the religious people are doing now to Nazi Germany.  They
>>have said that it started out with little things (but no one really knew
>>about any of these "little" things, strangely enough) and grew to bigger
>>things.  They said that the motto is but one of the little things 
>You just contradicted yourself.  The motto is one of those little things that
>nobody has bothered mentiopning to you, huh?

The "`little' things" above were in reference to Germany, clearly.  People
said that there were similar things in Germany, but no one could name any.
They said that these were things that everyone should know, and that they
weren't going to waste their time repeating them.  Sounds to me like no one
knew, either.  I looked in some books, but to no avail.

>>that is
>>going to pave the way for other "intrusions."  Of course, if the motto
>>hasn't caused problems in its 40 year history, then I doubt it is going to...
>It *has* caused problems.  You just ignore every instance when someone
>describes one to you.

It has *caused* problems?  Again, no one has shown that things were better
before the motto, or that they'd likely be better after.  I don't think
the motto initiates any sort of harassment.  Harassment will occur whether
or not the motto is present.

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:

>>I think you should support your first claim, that people will simply
>>harass me no matter what, as I doubt this is true. I think *some* of the
>>theists will be at a loss, and that is enough reason for me.
>Because "IN GOD WE TRUST" is a motto on the coins, and the coins
>are a representation of the government, christians are given
>ammunition here to slander atheists as unpatriotic.

So, we should ban the ammunition?  Why not get rid of the guns?

>And yes, I have heard this used in conversation with christians.
>Sure, they may fall back on other things, but this is one they
>should not have available to use.

It is worse than others?  The National Anthem?  Should it be changed too?
God Bless America?  The list goes on...

>Imagine if the next year's set of coins were labeled with
>the motto:   "GOD IS DEAD".
>Certainly, such a statement on U.S. coins would offend almost
>every christian.  And I'd be tempted to rub that motto in the
>face of christians when debunking their standard motto slinging
>gets boring.

Then you'd be no better than the people you despise.

>Any statement printed on an item that represents
>the government is an endorsement by the government.

Oh?

>The coin motto is an endorsement of trusting in god.

An endorsement, or an acknowledgement?  I think gods are things that people
are proud of, but I don't think the motto encourages belief.

>I don't particularly feel like trusting in god,
>so the government IS putting me down with every
>coin it prints.

Is it?

[...]
>For the motto to be legitimate, it would have to read:
>   "In god, gods, or godlessness we trust"

Would you approve of such a motto?

>Whether the motto was intended to be anti-atheist or not,
>it turns up as an open invitation to use as an anti-atheist tool.

And removing the tool will solve the problem?

Or will it increase the problem?

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>I want to know how this omniscient being is going to perform
>the feat of "definitely" terming actions right or wrong.

If you were omniscient, you'd know who exactly did what, and with what
purpose in mind.  Then, with a particular goal in mind, you sould be
able to methodically judge whether or not this action was in accordance
with the general goal.

>>>I don't think you've show the existence of *any* objective moral system.
>>They exist, but in practice, they are difficult to perfectly emulate.
>>I mean, you understand the concept of an objective system, right?
>I thought you were explaining it to us.   I certainly don't
>understand what you are explaining.

In an objective system, there are known goals.  Then, actions are judged
as either being compatible with these goals, or not.  Simple.  The problem
with most systems in current practice is that the goals differ.  That is,
the goals of each society are different.

Note that an objective system is not necessarily an inherent one.

>>The concept of innocence is dependent on whether certain actions are
>>"right" or "wrong," and this depends on the moral system.  But, if
>>we have an objective system, then someone can be deemed innocent or
>>not quite easily by an omniscient person.  Anyway, I think I cleared
>>up the recursive definition of "murder," because no one is complaining
>>about it.
>I don't think it solves anything to speculate where we would be
>if we *did* have an objective moral system.  The question is
>still whether you can even say what one is.

I've said it many, many times.

>And for what it's worth, I don't think you cleared up *anything*
>concerning murder.

Which part do you have a problem with?

>>>What do you mean by "harmed?"  Is it harm if you have to spend
>>>your existence metabolising food for another species?
>>Oh, most moral systems would be considered only within a species.  It
>>is okay for us to enslave other animals, right?  But not humans...
>>Of course, ideally, perhaps we wouldn't even have to bother any other
>>animals...
>One the first point, it's wrong to enslave humans according to my
>persoanl moral system.  On the second point, I'm a vegetarian.

But, we can enslave the animals, right?  But just not kill them?  Or
are you a vegetarian for health reasons?

>So, are you a vegetarian?

No.  I fail to see how my *personal* views are relevant, anyway.

>Is it wrong to eat animals in your personal moral system?

Of course not.  It seems perfectly valid to kill members of other species
for food.  It might be nice, though, if the other animals were not made
to suffer.  For instance, a cow in a field lives out its life just about
the same way it would in the wild.  They seem happy enough.  However,
the veal youngsters aren't treated very well.

>How about an "objective" moral system?

I don't know.  What is the goal of this particular system?  There is no
inherent system.

>How about a "natural" moral system.

Nope.  Again, it seems okay to kill other species for food.

keith

From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: who are we to judge, Bobby?

In article <kmr4.1572.734847158@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
>Subject: Re: who are we to judge, Bobby?
>Date: Thu, 15 Apr 1993 04:12:38 GMT
>
>(S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
>>(TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
>>>I would like to take the liberty to quote from a Christian writer named 
>>>Ellen G. White.  I hope that what she said will help you to edit your 
>>>remarks in this group in the future.
>>>
>>>"Do not set yourself as a standard.  Do not make your opinions, your views 
>>>of duty, your interpretations of scripture, a criterion for others and in 
>>>your heart condemn them if they do not come up to your ideal."
>>>                         Thoughts Fromthe Mount of Blessing p. 124
>>
>>Point?
>
>	Point: you have taken it upon yourself to judge others; when only 
>God is the true judge.
>
>---
>
>   Only when the Sun starts to orbit the Earth will I accept the Bible. 
>        
>
I agree totally with you!  Amen!  You stated it better and in less world 
than I did.

Tammy


From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <11820@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
>Subject: Re: some thoughts.
>Keywords: Dan Bissell
>Date: 15 Apr 93 18:21:21 GMT
>In article <bissda.4.734849678@saturn.wwc.edu> bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:
>>
>>	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
>>makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
>>lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
>>writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
>>in the process he became a Christian himself.
>
>  This should be good fun.  It's been a while since the group has
>  had such a ripe opportunity to gut, gill, and fillet some poor
>  bastard.  
>
>  Ah well.  Off to get the popcorn...
>
>/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 
>
>Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 
>
>They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
>and sank Manhattan out at sea.
>
>^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
I hope you're not going to flame him.  Please give him the same coutesy you'
ve given me.

Tammy

From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: who are we to judge, Bobby?

In article <1993Apr14.213356.22176@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
>From: snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder )
>Subject: Re: who are we to judge, Bobby?
>Date: Wed, 14 Apr 1993 21:33:56 GMT
>In article <healta.56.734556346@saturn.wwc.edu> healta@saturn.wwc.edu (TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
>>Bobby,
>>
>>I would like to take the liberty to quote from a Christian writer named 
>>Ellen G. White.  I hope that what she said will help you to edit your 
>>remarks in this group in the future.
>>
>>"Do not set yourself as a standard.  Do not make your opinions, your views 
>>of duty, your interpretations of scripture, a criterion for others and in 
>>your heart condemn them if they do not come up to your ideal."
>>                         Thoughts Fromthe Mount of Blessing p. 124
>>
>>I hope quoting this doesn't make the atheists gag, but I think Ellen White 
>>put it better than I could.
>> 
>>Tammy
>
>Point?
>
>Peace,
>
>Bobby Mozumder
>
My point is that you set up your views as the only way to believe.  Saying 
that all eveil in this world is caused by atheism is ridiculous and 
counterproductive to dialogue in this newsgroups.  I see in your posts a 
spirit of condemnation of the atheists in this newsgroup bacause they don'
t believe exactly as you do.  If you're here to try to convert the atheists 
here, you're failing miserably.  Who wants to be in position of constantly 
defending themselves agaist insulting attacks, like you seem to like to do?!
I'm sorry you're so blind that you didn't get the messgae in the quote, 
everyone else has seemed to.

Tammy

From: rush@leland.Stanford.EDU (Voelkerding)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

In article <11812@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>In article <1993Apr14.205414.3982@leland.Stanford.EDU> rush@leland.Stanford.EDU (Voelkerding) writes:
>>
>>If we worry about the one case in 20,000 (or more) where an innocent man is
>>convicted of something horrible enough to warrant the death penalty,  and
>>hence put laws into place which make it virtually impossible to actually
>>execute real criminals,  then the death penalty is not serving its original
>>purpose.  It should either be changed or done away with.
>>
>
>  I don't have numbers to back this up, so take the following
>  accordingly.
>
>  You use an off-the-cuff number of 1 in 20,000 innocent people
>  sentenced to die as an acceptable loss for the benefit of capital
>  punishment.  I'd be very, very surprised if the ratio were that
>  low.  There have been approximately a dozen known cases of the
>  execution of the innocent in the US since the turn of the century.
>  Have we in that same period sentenced 240,000 people to death?
>  Accounting for those cases that we don't know the truth, it seems
>  reasonable to assume that twice that many innocent people have in
>  fact been executed.  That would raise the number of death
>  sentences metered out since 1900 to half a million for your
>  acceptance ratio to hold.  I rather doubt that's the case.
>
>
>  The point, of course, is what *is* an acceptable loss.  1 in
>  10,000?  Seems we're probably not doing even that well.  1 in 100?
>  1 in 2?  Or should we perhaps find a better solution?
>
>/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 
>
>Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 
>

Any suggestions as to what a better solution might be?  I realize the
off-hand nature of the numbers I used.  And I can't answer as to what
an acceptable loss rate is.  However,  as I said in another post,  I
despise the idea of supporting criminals for life.  It's the economics
of the situation that concern me most.  The money spent feeding, clothing,
housing and taking care of people who have demonstrated that they are
unfit to live in society could go to a number of places,  all of which
I, and probably others,  would consider far more worthwhile and which
would enrish the lives of all Americans.  Give people jobs,  give the
homeless shelter.  Any number of things.

Clyde


-- 
Little girls,  like butterflies, don't need a reason!
					- Robert Heinlein

From: ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au (Jeffrey Clark)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.

Or he was just convinced by religious fantasies of the time that he was the
Messiah, or he was just some rebel leader that an organisation of Jews built
into Godhood for the purpose off throwing of the yoke of Roman oppression,
or.......

>	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
>die for a lie? 

Are the Moslem fanatics who strap bombs to their backs and driving into
Jewish embassies dying for the truth (hint: they think they are)? Were the
NAZI soldiers in WWII dying for the truth? 

People die for lies all the time.


>Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 

Was Hitler a liar? How about Napoleon, Mussolini, Ronald Reagan? We spend
millions of dollars a year trying to find techniques to detect lying? So the
answer is no, they wouldn't be able to tell if he was a liar if he only lied
about some things.

>gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
>someone who was or had been healed.  Call me a fool, but I believe he did 
>heal people.  

Why do you think he healed people, because the Bible says so? But if God
doesn't exist (the other possibility) then the Bible is not divinely
inspired and one can't use it as a piece of evidence, as it was written by
unbiased observers.

>	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
>to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 

Were Hitler or Mussolini lunatics? How about Genghis Khan, Jim Jones...
there are thousands of examples through history of people being drawn to
lunatics.

>anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
>this right away.
>	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
>real thing.  

So we obviously cannot rule out liar or lunatic not to mention all the other
possibilities not given in this triad.

>	Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
>the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.  This in his betrayal 

Possibly self-fulfilling prophecy (ie he was aware what he should do in
order to fulfil these prophecies), possibly selective diting on behalf of
those keepers of the holy bible for a thousand years or so before the
general; public had access. possibly also that the text is written in such
riddles (like Nostradamus) that anything that happens can be twisted to fit
the words of raving fictional 'prophecy'.

>and Crucifixion.  I don't have my Bible with me at this moment, next time I 
>write I will use it.
             [stuff about how hard it is to be a christian deleted]

I severely recommend you reconsider the reasons you are a christian, they
are very unconvincing to an unbiased observer.

Jeff.


From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1ql0ajINN2kj@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
|> 
|> >>But chimps are almost human...
|> >Does this mean that Chimps have a moral will?
|> 
|> Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
|> as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.

Ah, the verb "to must".   I was warned about that one back
in Kindergarten.

So, why "must" they have such laws?

jon.

From: house@helios.usq.EDU.AU (ron house)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 

I _know_ I shouldn't get involved, but...   :-)

[bit deleted]

>	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.
>	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
>die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 
>gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
>someone who was or had been healed.  Call me a fool, but I believe he did 
>heal people.  
>	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
>to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
>anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
>this right away.
>	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
>real thing.  

Righto, DAN, try this one with your Cornflakes...

The book says that Muhammad was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
modern day Mad Mahdi) or he was actually who he said he was.
Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 
gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
how his son-in-law made the sun stand still.  Call me a fool, but I believe 
he did make the sun stand still.  
Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
anyone who is drawn to the Mad Mahdi is obviously a fool, logical people see 
this right away.
Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
real thing.  

--

Ron House.                 USQ
(house@helios.usq.edu.au)  Toowoomba, Australia.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <115565@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> In article <1qi3l5$jkj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >I hope an Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI, which
|> >ripped off so many small depositors among the Muslim
|> >community in the Uk and elsewhere.
|> 
|> >jon.
|> 
|> Grow up, childish propagandist.

Gregg, I'm really sorry if having it pointed out that in practice
things aren't quite the wonderful utopia you folks seem to claim
them to be upsets you, but exactly who is being childish here is 
open to question.

BBCI was an example of an Islamically owned and operated bank -
what will someone bet me they weren't "real" Islamic owners and
operators? - and yet it actually turned out to be a long-running
and quite ruthless operation to steal money from small and often
quite naive depositors.

And why did these naive depositors put their life savings into
BCCI rather than the nasty interest-motivated western bank down
the street?   Could it be that they believed an Islamically owned 
and operated bank couldn't possibly cheat them? 

So please don't try to con us into thinking that it will all 
work out right next time.

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql5snINN4vm@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >>So, you are saying that it isn't possible for an instinctive act
|> >>to be moral one?
|> >
|> >I like to think that many things are possible.   Explain to me
|> >how instinctive acts can be moral acts, and I am happy to listen.
|> 
|> For example, if it were instinctive not to murder...

Then not murdering would have no moral significance, since there
would be nothing voluntary about it.

|> 
|> >>That is, in order for an act to be an act of morality,
|> >>the person must consider the immoral action but then disregard 
|> >>it?
|> >
|> >Weaker than that.   There must be the possibility that the
|> >organism - it's not just people we are talking about - can
|> >consider alternatives.
|> 
|> So, only intelligent beings can be moral, even if the bahavior of other
|> beings mimics theirs?

You are starting to get the point.   Mimicry is not necessarily the 
same as the action being imitated.   A Parrot saying "Pretty Polly" 
isn't necessarily commenting on the pulchritude of Polly.

|> And, how much emphasis do you place on intelligence?

See above.

|> Animals of the same species could kill each other arbitarily, but 
|> they don't.

They do.   I and other posters have given you many examples of exactly
this, but you seem to have a very short memory.

|> Are you trying to say that this isn't an act of morality because
|> most animals aren't intelligent enough to think like we do?

I'm saying:

	"There must be the possibility that the organism - it's not 
	just people we are talking about - can consider alternatives."

It's right there in the posting you are replying to.

jon.

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Moraltiy? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>>>What if I act morally for no particular reason?  Then am I moral?  What
>>>>if morality is instinctive, as in most animals?
>>>Saying that morality is instinctive in animals is an attempt to 
>>>assume your conclusion.
>>Which conclusion?
>You conclusion - correct me if I err - that the behaviour which is
>instinctive in animals is a "natural" moral system.

See, we are disagreeing on the definition of moral here.  Earlier, you said
that it must be a conscious act.  By your definition, no instinctive
behavior pattern could be an act of morality.  You are trying to apply
human terms to non-humans.  I think that even if someone is not conscious
of an alternative, this does not prevent his behavior from being moral.

>>You don't think that morality is a behavior pattern?  What is human
>>morality?  A moral action is one that is consistent with a given
>>pattern.  That is, we enforce a certain behavior as moral.
>You keep getting this backwards.  *You* are trying to show that
>the behaviour pattern is a morality.  Whether morality is a behavior 
>pattern is irrelevant, since there can be behavior pattern, for
>example the motions of the planets, that most (all?) people would
>not call a morality.

I try to show it, but by your definition, it can't be shown.

And, morality can be thought of a large class of princples.  It could be
defined in terms of many things--the laws of physics if you wish.  However,
it seems silly to talk of a "moral" planet because it obeys the laws of
phyics.  It is less silly to talk about animals, as they have at least
some free will.

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>This whole thread started because of a discussion about whether
>>or not the death penalty constituted cruel punishment, which is forbidden
>>by the US Constitution.
>Yes, but they didn't say what they meant by "cruel", which is why
>a) you have the Supreme Court, and b) it makes no sense to refer
>to the Constitution, which is quite silent on the meaning of the
>word "cruel".

They spent quite a bit of time on the wording of the Constitution.  They
picked words whose meanings implied the intent.  We have already looked
in the dictionary to define the word.  Isn't this sufficient?

>>Oh, but we were discussing the death penalty (and that discussion
>>resulted from the one about murder which resulted from an intial
>>discussion about objective morality--so this is already three times
>>removed from the morality discussion).
>Actually, we were discussing the mening of the word "cruel" and
>the US Constitution says nothing about that.

But we were discussing it in relation to the death penalty.  And, the
Constitution need not define each of the words within.  Anyone who doesn't
know what cruel is can look in the dictionary (and we did).

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:

>>No, that's just what you thought the theory meant.  While all humans
>>are generally capable of overpowering their instincts, it does not
>>follow that those who do this often are necessarily more intelligent.
>Ok, so why aren't animals "generally capable of overpowering their instincts"?

Good question.  I'm sure some biologist could answer better than I,
but animals brains are just set up differently.

Animals *can* be trained, but if they're instincts serve them well, there is
no reason to contradict them.

keith

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql667INN54a@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >I don't expect the lion to know, or not know anything of the kind.
|> >In fact, I don't have any evidence that lions ever consider such 
|> >issues.
|> >And that, of course, is why I don't think you can assign moral
|> >significance to the instinctive behaviour of lions.
|> 
|> What I've been saying is that moral behavior is likely the null behavior.
|> That is, it doesn't take much work to be moral, but it certainly does to
|> be immoral (in some cases).

That's the craziest thing I ever heard.   Are you serious?

	"it doesn't take much work to be moral?"

|> Also, I've said that morality is a remnant of evolution.  

Really?   And that's why people discuss morality on a daily basis?
Because it's a kind of evolutionary hangover, like your little toe?

|> Our moral system is based on concepts well practiced in the animal 
|> kingdom.

This must be some novel use of the phrase "based on" with which I
am not sufficiently familiar.    What do you mean by "based on" and 
what is the significance of it for your argument?

|> 
|> >>So you are basically saying that you think a "moral" is an undefinable
|> >>term, and that "moral systems" don't exist?  If we can't agree on a
|> >>definition of these terms, then how can we hope to discuss them?
|> >
|> >No, it's perfectly clear that I am saying that I know what a moral
|> >is in *my* system, but that I can't speak for other people.
|> 
|> But, this doesn't get us anywhere.  Your particular beliefs are irrelevant
|> unless you can share them or discuss them...

Well, we can.   What would you like to know about my particular moral
beliefs?

If you raise a topic I've never considered, I'll be quite happy to 
invent a moral belief out of thin air.

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

In article <1ql6jiINN5df@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
|> 
|> >>Look, I'm not the one that made those Nazi comparisons.  Other people
|> >>compared what the religious people are doing now to Nazi Germany.  They
|> >>have said that it started out with little things (but no one really knew
|> >>about any of these "little" things, strangely enough) and grew to bigger
|> >>things.  They said that the motto is but one of the little things 
|> >You just contradicted yourself.  The motto is one of those little things that
|> >nobody has bothered mentiopning to you, huh?
|> 
|> The "`little' things" above were in reference to Germany, clearly.  People
|> said that there were similar things in Germany, but no one could name any.
|> They said that these were things that everyone should know, and that they
|> weren't going to waste their time repeating them.  Sounds to me like no one
|> knew, either.  I looked in some books, but to no avail.

That's not true.    I gave you two examples.   One was the rather
pevasive anti-semitism in German Christianity well before Hitler
arrived.   The other was the system of social ranks that were used
in Imperail Germany and Austria to distinguish Jews from the rest 
of the population.

Neither of these were very terrible in themselves, but both helped
to set a psychology in which the gradual disenfranchisement of Jews
was made easier.

jon.

From: Patrick C Leger <pl1u+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

Excerpts from netnews.alt.atheism: 15-Apr-93 Re: thoughts on christians
by Dave Fuller@portal.hq.vi 
>    I'm sick of religious types being pampered, looked out for, and WORST
> OF ALL . . . . respected more than atheists. There must be an end
> in sight.
>  
I think it'd help if we got a couple good atheists (or even some good,
steadfast agnostics) in some high political offices.  When was the last
time we had an (openly) atheist president?  Have we ever?  (I don't
actually know; these aren't rhetorical questions.)  How 'bout some
Supreme court justices?  

One thing that really ticked me off a while ago was an ad for a news
program on a local station...The promo said something like "Who are
these cults, and why do they prey on the young?"  Ahem.  EVER HEAR OF
BAPTISM AT BIRTH?  If that isn't preying on the young, I don't know what
is...

I used to be (ack, barf) a Catholic, and was even confirmed...Shortly
thereafter I decided it was a load of BS.  My mom, who really insisted
that I continue to go to church, felt it was her duty (!) to bring me up
as a believer!  That was one of the more presumptuous things I've heard
in my life.  I suggested we go talk to the priest, and she agreed.  The
priest was amazingly cool about it...He basically said that if I didn't
believe it, there was no good in forcing it on me.  Actually, I guess he
wasn't amazingly cool about it--His response is what you'd hope for
(indeed, expect) from a human being.  I s'pose I just _didn't_ expect
it...  

I find it absurd that religion exists; Yet, I can also see its
usefulness to people.  Facing up to the fact that you're just going to
be worm food in a few decades, and that there isn't some cosmic purpose
to humanity and the universe, can be pretty difficult for some people. 
Having a readily-available, pre-digested solution to this is pretty
attractive, if you're either a) gullible enough, b) willing to suspend
your reasoning abilities for the piece of mind, or c) have had the stuff
rammed down your throat for as long as you can remember.  Religion in
general provides a nice patch for some human weaknesses; Organized
religion provides a nice way to keep a population under control.  

Blech.

Chris


----------------------
Chris Leger
Sophomore, Carnegie Mellon Computer Engineering
Remember...if you don't like what somebody is saying, you can always
ignore them!


From: Patrick C Leger <pl1u+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: It's all Mary's fault!

You know, it just occurred to me today that this whole Christian thing
can be blamed solely on Mary.

So, she's married to Joseph.  She gets knocked up.  What do you think
ol' Joe will do if he finds she's been getting around?  So Mary comes up
with this ridiculous story about God making her pregnant.  Actually, it
can't be all THAT ridiculous, considering the number of people that
believe it.  Anyway, she never tells anyone the truth, and even tells
poor little Jesus that he's hot shit, the Son of God.  Everyone else
tells him this too, since they've bought Mary's story.  So, what does
Mary actually turn out to be?  An adultress and a liar, and the cause of
mankind's greatest folly...

Just my recently-minted two cents.

Chris

----------------------
Chris Leger
Sophomore, Carnegie Mellon Computer Engineering
Remember...if you don't like what somebody is saying, you can always
ignore them!


From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: Rawlins debunks creationism

In article <1993Apr15.223844.16453@rambo.atlanta.dg.com>,
wpr@atlanta.dg.com (Bill Rawlins) wrote:
> 
>     We are talking about origins, not merely science.   Science cannot
>     explain origins.  For a person to exclude anything but science from
>     the issue of origins is to say that there is no higher truth
>     than science.  This is a false premise.

Says who? Other than a hear-say god.

>     By the way, I enjoy science.

You sure don't understand it.

>     It is truly a wonder observing God's creation.  Macroevolution is
>     a mixture of 15 percent science and 85 percent religion [guaranteed
>     within three percent error :) ]

Bill, I hereby award you the Golden Shovel Award for the biggist pile of
bullshit I've seen in a whils. I'm afraid there's not a bit of religion in
macroevolution, and you've made a rather grand statement that Science can
not explain origins; to a large extent, it already has!

>             //  Bill Rawlins            <wpr@atlanta.dg.com>        //

Peter W. Walker          "Yu, shall I tell you what knowledge is? When 
Dept. of Space Physics    you know a thing, say that you know it. When 
   and Astronomy          you do not know a thing, admit you do not know
Rice University           it. This is knowledge."
Houston, TX                     - K'ung-fu Tzu

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.

Well, this is alt.atheism.  I hope you arent here to try to convert anyone.

>It makes sense to be one.

Many would disagree.

[...]
>The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.

Well, you shouldn't give any particular book too much weight.  Actually,
I don't think that any of these statements is correct.  It is more likely
that most of Jesus' fame was attributed to him after his death by those
who had some strong motives...

[...]
>Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
>the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.

What's a prophecy, and what's so significant about them?

>I don't think most people understand what a Christian is.

I think we understand.

>It is certainly not what I see a lot in churches.  Rather I think it 
>should be a way of life, and a total sacrafice of everything for God's 
>sake.

Well, sell your computer and donate you life to your religion now...
Don't waste any time.

keith

From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1qkq9t$66n@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:

>I'll take a wild guess and say Freedom is objectively valuable.  I base
>this on the assumption that if everyone in the world were deprived utterly
>of their freedom (so that their every act was contrary to their volition),
>almost all would want to complain.  Therefore I take it that to assert or
>believe that "Freedom is not very valuable", when almost everyone can see
>that it is, is every bit as absurd as to assert "it is not raining" on
>a rainy day.  I take this to be a candidate for an objective value, and it
>it is a necessary condition for objective morality that objective values
>such as this exist.

	You have only shown that a vast majority ( if not all ) would
agree to this. However, there is nothing against a subjective majority.

	In any event, I must challenge your assertion. I know many 
societies- heck, many US citizens- willing to trade freedom for "security".


--- 

        " Whatever promises that have been made can than be broken. "

        John Laws, a man without the honor to keep his given word.



From: chrisb@seachg.com (Chris Blask)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
>In article <1993Apr7.163445.1203@wam.umd.edu> west@next02.wam.umd.edu writes:
>>> >> And belief causes far more horrors.
>>> >> Crusades, 
>>> >> the emasculation and internment of Native Americans,  
>>> >> the killing of various tribes in South America.
>>> >-the Inquisition
>>> >-the Counter-reformation and the wars that followed
>>> >-the Salem witch trials
>>> >-the European witch hunts
>>> >-the holy wars of the middle east
>>> >-the colonization/destruction of Africa
>>> >-the wars between Christianity and Islam (post crusade)
>>> >-the genocide (biblical) of the Canaanites and Philistines
>>> >-Aryian invasion of India
>>> >-the attempted genocide of Jews by Nazi Germany
>>> >-the current missionary assaults on tribes in Africa
>>> 
>>> I think all the horrors you mentioned are due to *lack* of people
>>> following religion.
.d.
>By lack of people following religion I also include fanatics- people
>that don't know what they are following.
.d.
>So how do you know that you were right?
>Why are you trying to shove down my throat that religion causes horrors.
>It really covers yourself- something false to save yourself.
>
>Peace,
>
>Bobby Mozumder
>
I just thought of another one, in the Bible, so it's definately not because
of *lack* of religion.  The Book of Esther (which I read the other day for
other reasons) describes the origin of Pur'im, a Jewish celbration of joy
and peace.  The long and short of the story is that 75,000 people were
killed when people were tripping over all of the peacefull solutions 
lying about (you couldn't swing a sacred cow without slammin into a nice,
peaceful solution.)  'Course Joshua and the jawbone of an ass spring to
mind...

I agree with Bobby this far: religion as it is used to kill large numbers
of people is usually not used in the form or manner that it was originally
intended for.

That doesn't reduce the number of deaths directly caused by religion, it is
just a minor observation of the fact that there is almost nothing pure in
the Universe.  The very act of honestly attempting to find true meaning in
religious teaching has many times inspired hatred and led to war.  Many
people have been led by religious leaders more involved in their own
stomache-contentsthan in any absolute truth, and have therefore been driven to
kill by their leaders.

The point is that there are many things involved in religion that often
lead to war.  Whether these things are a part of religion, an unpleasant
side effect or (as Bobby would have it) the result of people switching
between Religion and Atheism spontaneously, the results are the same.  

@Religious groups have long been involved in the majority of the bloodiest
parts of Man's history.@

Atheists, on the other hand (preen,preen) are typically not an ideological
social caste, nor are they driven to organize and spread their beliefs.
The overuse of Nazism and Stalinism just show how true this is:  Two groups
with very clear and specific ideologies using religious persecution to
further their means.  Anyone who cannot see the obvious - namely that these
were groups founded for reasons *entirely* their own, who used religious
persecution not because of any belief system but because it made them more
powerfull - is trying too hard.  Basically, Bobby uses these examples
because there are so few wars that were *not* *specifically* fought over
religion that he does not have many choices.

Well, I'm off to Key West where the only flames are heating the bottom of
little silver butter-dishes.

-ciao

-chris blask

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql7utINN5sg@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >I want to know how this omniscient being is going to perform
|> >the feat of "definitely" terming actions right or wrong.
|> 
|> If you were omniscient, you'd know who exactly did what, and with what
|> purpose in mind.  Then, with a particular goal in mind, you sould be
|> able to methodically judge whether or not this action was in accordance
|> with the general goal.

But now you are contradicting yourself in a pretty massive way,
and I don't think you've even noticed.

In another part of this thread, you've been telling us that the
"goal" of a natural morality is what animals do to survive.

But suppose that your omniscient being told you that the long
term survival of humanity requires us to exterminate some 
other species, either terrestrial or alien.

Does that make it moral to do so?

jon. 

From: Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

In article <1ql71pINN5ef@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan
Schneider) says:
>
>Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
>
>>Sure, they may fall back on other things, but this is one they
>>should not have available to use.
>
>It is worse than others?  The National Anthem?  Should it be changed too?
>God Bless America?  The list goes on...

Worse?  Maybe not, but it is definately a violation of the
rules the US govt. supposedly follows.  Maybe the others
should be changed to?  But I'm not personally as concerned
about the anthem since I don't come across it in daily
nearly unavoidable routines.

>>every christian.  And I'd be tempted to rub that motto in the
>>face of christians when debunking their standard motto slinging
>>gets boring.
>
>Then you'd be no better than the people you despise.

I don't despise the people...just their opinions.  I meant
when chatting with the ones who refuse to listen to any idea
other than their own...then it just becomes an exercise for
amusement.

>[...]
>>For the motto to be legitimate, it would have to read:
>>   "In god, gods, or godlessness we trust"
>
>Would you approve of such a motto?

No.  ...not unless the only way to get rid of the current one
was to change it to such as that.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Moraltiy? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql8ekINN635@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >>>>What if I act morally for no particular reason?  Then am I moral?  What
|> >>>>if morality is instinctive, as in most animals?
|> >>>
|> >>>Saying that morality is instinctive in animals is an attempt to 
|> >>>assume your conclusion.
|> >>
|> >>Which conclusion?
|> >
|> >You conclusion - correct me if I err - that the behaviour which is
|> >instinctive in animals is a "natural" moral system.
|> 
|> See, we are disagreeing on the definition of moral here.  Earlier, you said
|> that it must be a conscious act.  By your definition, no instinctive
|> behavior pattern could be an act of morality.  You are trying to apply
|> human terms to non-humans.

Pardon me?   *I* am trying to apply human terms to non-humans?

I think there must be some confusion here.   I'm the guy who is
saying that if animal behaviour is instinctive then it does *not*
have any moral sugnificance.   How does refusing to apply human
terms to animals get turned into applying human terms?

|> I think that even if someone is not conscious of an alternative, 
|> this does not prevent his behavior from being moral.

I'm sure you do think this, if you say so.   How about trying to
convince me?

|> 
|> >>You don't think that morality is a behavior pattern?  What is human
|> >>morality?  A moral action is one that is consistent with a given
|> >>pattern.  That is, we enforce a certain behavior as moral.
|> >
|> >You keep getting this backwards.  *You* are trying to show that
|> >the behaviour pattern is a morality.  Whether morality is a behavior 
|> >pattern is irrelevant, since there can be behavior pattern, for
|> >example the motions of the planets, that most (all?) people would
|> >not call a morality.
|> 
|> I try to show it, but by your definition, it can't be shown.

I've offered, four times, I think, to accept your definition if
you allow me to ascribe moral significence to the orbital motion
of the planets.

|> 
|> And, morality can be thought of a large class of princples.  It could be
|> defined in terms of many things--the laws of physics if you wish.  However,
|> it seems silly to talk of a "moral" planet because it obeys the laws of
|> phyics.  It is less silly to talk about animals, as they have at least
|> some free will.

Ah, the law of "silly" and "less silly".   what Mr Livesey finds 
intuitive is "silly" but what Mr Schneider finds intuitive is "less 
silly".

Now that's a devastating argument, isn't it.

jon.

From: jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <115571@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>In article <2BCC892B.21864@ics.uci.edu> bvickers@ics.uci.edu (Brett J. Vickers) writes:
>
>>In article <115290@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>
>>>Well, seeing as you are not muslim the sort of fatwa issued by Khomeini
>>>would not be relevant to you. I can understand your fear of persecution
>>>and I share it even more than you (being muslim), however Rushdie's
>>>behavior was not completely excusable.

As much as I considered some of the (so-called) Islam-related dialogue
here a total waste of time, I somehow can't restrain myself in this
instance, so, Gregg, try this:

20:52 P.S.T.  I come to my senses and accept the all-knowing
wisdom and power of the Quran and Allah.  Not only that, but Allah 
himself drops by to congratulate me on my wise choice. Allah rolls a
few bones and we get down.  Then Allah gets out the Crisco, bends 
over, and invites me to take a spin around the block.  Wow.

20:56 P.S.T.  I realize that maybe Allah is looking for more of a 
commitment than I'm ready for, so I say "Man, I've got some
programming to do.  Gotta go.  I'll call you."

20:59 P.S.T   Thinking it over, I renounce Islam.

BTW, Gregg, Allah said he still thinks of you.

Jim


From: mas@Cadence.COM (Masud Khan)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <16BAFA9D9.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
> 
> 
>Yes, but, fortunately, religions have been replaced by systems
>that value Human Rights higher.

Secular laws seem to value criminal life more than the victims life,
Islam places the rights of society and every member in it above 
the rights of the individual, this is what I call true human rights.

> 
>By the way, do you actually support the claim of precedence of Islamic
>Law? In case you do, what about the laws of other religions?

As a Muslim living in a non-Muslim land I am bound by the laws of the land
I live in, but I do not disregard Islamic Law it still remains a part of my 
life. If the laws of a land conflict with my religion to such an extent
that I am prevented from being allowed to practise my religion then I must 
leave the land. So in a way Islamic law does take precendence over secular law
but we are instructed to follow the laws of the land that we live in too.

In an Islamic state (one ruled by a Khaliphate) religions other than Islam
are allowed to rule by their own religious laws provided they don't affect
the genral population and don't come into direct conflict with state 
laws, Dhimmis (non-Muslim population) are exempt from most Islamic laws
on religion, such as fighting in a Jihad, giving Zakat (alms giving)
etc but are given the benefit of these two acts such as Military
protection and if they are poor they will receive Zakat.

> 
>If not, what has it got to do with Rushdie? And has anyone reliable
>information if he hadn't left Islam according to Islamic law?
>Or is the burden of proof on him?
>   Benedikt

After the Fatwa didn't Rushdie re-affirm his faith in Islam, didn't
he go thru' a very public "conversion" to Islam? If so he is binding
himself to Islamic Laws. He has to publicly renounce in his belief in Islam
so the burden is on him.

Mas


-- 
C I T I Z E N  +-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-+
_____   _____  | C A D E N C E  D E S I G N  S Y S T E M S  Inc. |
     \_/       | Masud Ahmed Khan mas@cadence.com All My Opinions|
_____/ \_____  +-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-+

From: mas@Cadence.COM (Masud Khan)
Subject: Re: Slavery (was Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: ...)

In article <1993Apr12.124221.22592@bradford.ac.uk> L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham) writes:
>
>Oh, this all sounds so nice!  Everyone helping each other and always smiling
>and fluffy bunnies everywhere.  Wake up!  People are just not like that.  It
>seems evident from history that no society has succeeded when it had to rely
>upon the goodwill and unselfishness of the people.  Isn't it obvious from
>places like Iran that even if there are only a few greedy people in society
>then they are going to be attracted to positions of power?  Sounds like a
>recipe for disaster.
>
>-- 
>
>Leonard               e-mail:  L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk

Leonard, I'll give you an example of this....

My father recently bought a business, the business price was 150,000 pounds
and my father approached the people in the community for help, he raised
60,000 pounds in interest free loans from friends and relatives and 
Muslims he knew, 50,000 had cash and the rest he got a business loan, after
paying off the Muslim lenders many of them helped him with further loans
to help him clear the bank debt and save him from further intrest, this
is an example of a Muslim community helping one another, why did they help
because of their common identity as Muslims. In turn my father has helped
with people buying houses to minimise the amount of intrest they pay 
and in some cases buy houses intrest free with the help of those more
fortunate in the community. 

The fact is Leonard it DOES work without a fluffy bunny in sight!
iThat is the beauty of Islam.

Mas


-- 
C I T I Z E N  +-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-+
_____   _____  | C A D E N C E  D E S I G N  S Y S T E M S  Inc. |
     \_/       | Masud Ahmed Khan mas@cadence.com All My Opinions|
_____/ \_____  +-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-+

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:

>>>Sure, they may fall back on other things, but this is one they
>>>should not have available to use.
>>It is worse than others?
>Worse?  Maybe not, but it is definately a violation of the
>rules the US govt. supposedly follows.

Oh?

>>>For the motto to be legitimate, it would have to read:
>>>   "In god, gods, or godlessness we trust"
>>Would you approve of such a motto?
>No.  ...not unless the only way to get rid of the current one
>was to change it to such as that.

What is wrong with *this* motto, now?  If you wouldn't approve of
even that one, I am beginning to think that you just have something
against mottos in general.  What do you think of "E plurbis unum?"

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

[...]
>>The "`little' things" above were in reference to Germany, clearly.  People
>>said that there were similar things in Germany, but no one could name any.
>That's not true.  I gave you two examples.  One was the rather
>pevasive anti-semitism in German Christianity well before Hitler
>arrived.  The other was the system of social ranks that were used
>in Imperail Germany and Austria to distinguish Jews from the rest 
>of the population.

These don't seem like "little things" to me.  At least, they are orders
worse than the motto.  Do you think that the motto is a "little thing"
that will lead to worse things?

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>>Explain to me
>>>how instinctive acts can be moral acts, and I am happy to listen.
>>For example, if it were instinctive not to murder...
>Then not murdering would have no moral significance, since there
>would be nothing voluntary about it.

See, there you go again, saying that a moral act is only significant
if it is "voluntary."  Why do you think this?

And anyway, humans have the ability to disregard some of their instincts.

>>So, only intelligent beings can be moral, even if the bahavior of other
>>beings mimics theirs?
>You are starting to get the point.  Mimicry is not necessarily the 
>same as the action being imitated.  A Parrot saying "Pretty Polly" 
>isn't necessarily commenting on the pulchritude of Polly.

You are attaching too many things to the term "moral," I think.
Let's try this:  is it "good" that animals of the same species
don't kill each other.  Or, do you think this is right? 

Or do you think that animals are machines, and that nothing they do
is either right nor wrong?


>>Animals of the same species could kill each other arbitarily, but 
>>they don't.
>They do.  I and other posters have given you many examples of exactly
>this, but you seem to have a very short memory.

Those weren't arbitrary killings.  They were slayings related to some sort
of mating ritual or whatnot.

>>Are you trying to say that this isn't an act of morality because
>>most animals aren't intelligent enough to think like we do?
>I'm saying:
>	"There must be the possibility that the organism - it's not 
>	just people we are talking about - can consider alternatives."
>It's right there in the posting you are replying to.

Yes it was, but I still don't understand your distinctions.  What
do you mean by "consider?"  Can a small child be moral?  How about
a gorilla?  A dolphin?  A platypus?  Where is the line drawn?  Does
the being need to be self aware?

What *do* you call the mechanism which seems to prevent animals of
the same species from (arbitrarily) killing each other?  Don't
you find the fact that they don't at all significant?

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>In another part of this thread, you've been telling us that the
>"goal" of a natural morality is what animals do to survive.

That's right.  Humans have gone somewhat beyond this though.  Perhaps
our goal is one of self-actualization.

>But suppose that your omniscient being told you that the long
>term survival of humanity requires us to exterminate some 
>other species, either terrestrial or alien.

Now you are letting an omniscient being give information to me.  This
was not part of the original premise.

>Does that make it moral to do so?

Which type of morality are you talking about?  In a natural sense, it
is not at all immoral to harm another species (as long as it doesn't
adversely affect your own, I guess).

keith

From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: New Member

jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only) writes:
> Welcome.  I am the official keeper of the list of nicknames that people
> are known by on alt.atheism (didn't know we had such a list, did you).
> Your have been awarded the nickname of "Buckminster."  So the next time
> you post an article, sign with your nickname like so:
> Dave "Buckminster" Fuller.  Thanks again.
> 
> Jim "Humor means never having to say you're sorry" Copeland

Of course, the list has to agree with the nickname laws laid down by the
GIPU almost 2000 years ago (you know... the 9 of them that were written on
the iron tablets that melted once and had to be reinscribed?).  Since I am
a prophet of the GIPU I decree that you should post the whole list of
nicknames for the frequent posters here!

Nanci

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
>>as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.
>So, why "must" they have such laws?

The quotation marks should enclose "laws," not "must."

If there were no such rules, even instinctive ones or unwritten ones,
etc., then surely some sort of random chance would lead a chimp society
into chaos.

keith

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

In article <1qlef4INN8dn@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> [...]
|> >>The "`little' things" above were in reference to Germany, clearly.  People
|> >>said that there were similar things in Germany, but no one could name any.
|> >That's not true.  I gave you two examples.  One was the rather
|> >pevasive anti-semitism in German Christianity well before Hitler
|> >arrived.  The other was the system of social ranks that were used
|> >in Imperail Germany and Austria to distinguish Jews from the rest 
|> >of the population.
|> 
|> These don't seem like "little things" to me.  At least, they are orders
|> worse than the motto.  Do you think that the motto is a "little thing"
|> that will lead to worse things?

You don't think these are little things because with twenty-twenty
hindsight, you know what they led to.

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1qlf7gINN8sn@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >In another part of this thread, you've been telling us that the
|> >"goal" of a natural morality is what animals do to survive.
|> 
|> That's right.  Humans have gone somewhat beyond this though.  Perhaps
|> our goal is one of self-actualization.

Humans have "gone somewhat beyond" what, exactly?    In one thread
you're telling us that natural morality is what animals do to
survive, and in this thread you are claiming that an omniscient
being can "definitely" say what is right and what is wrong.   So
what does this omniscient being use for a criterion?   The long-
term survival of the human species, or what?

How does omniscient map into "definitely" being able to assign
"right" and "wrong" to actions?

|> 
|> >But suppose that your omniscient being told you that the long
|> >term survival of humanity requires us to exterminate some 
|> >other species, either terrestrial or alien.
|> 
|> Now you are letting an omniscient being give information to me.  This
|> was not part of the original premise.

Well, your "original premises" have a habit of changing over time,
so perhaps you'd like to review it for us, and tell us what the
difference is between an omniscient being be able to assign "right"
and "wrong" to actions, and telling us the result, is. 

|> 
|> >Does that make it moral to do so?
|> 
|> Which type of morality are you talking about?  In a natural sense, it
|> is not at all immoral to harm another species (as long as it doesn't
|> adversely affect your own, I guess).

I'm talking about the morality introduced by you, which was going to
be implemented by this omniscient being that can "definitely" assign
"right" and "wrong" to actions.

You tell us what type of morality that is.

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Slavery (was Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: ...)

In article <1993Apr15.081303.16532@Cadence.COM>, mas@Cadence.COM (Masud Khan) writes:
|> 
|> Leonard, I'll give you an example of this....
|> 
|> My father recently bought a business, the business price was 150,000 pounds
|> and my father approached the people in the community for help, he raised
|> 60,000 pounds in interest free loans from friends and relatives and 
|> Muslims he knew, 50,000 had cash and the rest he got a business loan, after
|> paying off the Muslim lenders many of them helped him with further loans
|> to help him clear the bank debt and save him from further intrest, this
|> is an example of a Muslim community helping one another, why did they help
|> because of their common identity as Muslims. In turn my father has helped
|> with people buying houses to minimise the amount of intrest they pay 
|> and in some cases buy houses intrest free with the help of those more
|> fortunate in the community. 

Sorry.   Wrong.    This is how banks got started in the first place.
Sooner or later your father and his pals will lend money to someone
who eventually goes broke, and then they will realise that they
havn't been managing risk very well.   Then they will ask themselves
what it is that they need to quantify risk, and to persuade borrowers
not to take on greater loans than they can carry.    And since they
don't all want the worry of doing the calculations and handling the
money, some of them will specialise in that.

Then they'll reinvent interest, but like good Muslims, they'll call
it something else.

|> 
|> The fact is Leonard it DOES work without a fluffy bunny in sight!
|> iThat is the beauty of Islam.

Riiiight.   That's why John Major opened a new government department
a couple of months ago to help to promote minority business.   Because
they can do it all themselves by lending one another cups of sugar.

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1qlettINN8oi@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >>>Explain to me
|> >>>how instinctive acts can be moral acts, and I am happy to listen.
|> >>For example, if it were instinctive not to murder...
|> >
|> >Then not murdering would have no moral significance, since there
|> >would be nothing voluntary about it.
|> 
|> See, there you go again, saying that a moral act is only significant
|> if it is "voluntary."  Why do you think this?

If you force me to do something, am I morally responsible for it?

|> 
|> And anyway, humans have the ability to disregard some of their instincts.

Well, make up your mind.    Is it to be "instinctive not to murder"
or not?

|> 
|> >>So, only intelligent beings can be moral, even if the bahavior of other
|> >>beings mimics theirs?
|> >
|> >You are starting to get the point.  Mimicry is not necessarily the 
|> >same as the action being imitated.  A Parrot saying "Pretty Polly" 
|> >isn't necessarily commenting on the pulchritude of Polly.
|> 
|> You are attaching too many things to the term "moral," I think.
|> Let's try this:  is it "good" that animals of the same species
|> don't kill each other.  Or, do you think this is right? 

It's not even correct.    Animals of the same species do kill
one another.

|> 
|> Or do you think that animals are machines, and that nothing they do
|> is either right nor wrong?

Sigh.   I wonder how many times we have been round this loop.

I think that instinctive bahaviour has no moral significance.
I am quite prepared to believe that higher animals, such as
primates, have the beginnings of a moral sense, since they seem
to exhibit self-awareness.

|> 
|> 
|> >>Animals of the same species could kill each other arbitarily, but 
|> >>they don't.
|> >
|> >They do.  I and other posters have given you many examples of exactly
|> >this, but you seem to have a very short memory.
|> 
|> Those weren't arbitrary killings.  They were slayings related to some 
|> sort of mating ritual or whatnot.

So what?     Are you trying to say that some killing in animals
has a moral significance and some does not?   Is this your
natural morality>


|> 
|> >>Are you trying to say that this isn't an act of morality because
|> >>most animals aren't intelligent enough to think like we do?
|> >
|> >I'm saying:
|> >	"There must be the possibility that the organism - it's not 
|> >	just people we are talking about - can consider alternatives."
|> >
|> >It's right there in the posting you are replying to.
|> 
|> Yes it was, but I still don't understand your distinctions.  What
|> do you mean by "consider?"  Can a small child be moral?  How about
|> a gorilla?  A dolphin?  A platypus?  Where is the line drawn?  Does
|> the being need to be self aware?

Are you blind?   What do you think that this sentence means?

	"There must be the possibility that the organism - it's not 
	just people we are talking about - can consider alternatives."

What would that imply?

|> 
|> What *do* you call the mechanism which seems to prevent animals of
|> the same species from (arbitrarily) killing each other?  Don't
|> you find the fact that they don't at all significant?

I find the fact that they do to be significant. 

jon.

From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <C5Jxru.2t8@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>What do you base your belief on atheism on?  Your knowledge and reasoning? 
>COuldn't that be wrong?
>

  Actually, my atheism is based on ignorance.  Ignorance of the
  existence of any god.  Don't fall into the "atheists don't believe
  because of their pride" mistake.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <115565@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>In article <1qi3l5$jkj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>
>>I hope an Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI, which
>>ripped off so many small depositors among the Muslim
>>community in the Uk and elsewhere.
>
>Grow up, childish propagandist.
>

  Gosh, Gregg.  I'm pretty good a reading between the lines, but
  you've given me precious little to work with in this refutation.
  Could you maybe flesh it out just a bit?  Or did I miss the full
  grandeur of it's content by virtue of my blinding atheism?



/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql667INN54a@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>
>What I've been saying is that moral behavior is likely the null behavior.

  Do I smell .sig material here?


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql8mdINN674@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>
>But we were discussing it in relation to the death penalty.  And, the
>Constitution need not define each of the words within.  Anyone who doesn't
>know what cruel is can look in the dictionary (and we did).
>

  Or, with no dictionary available, they could gain first hand
  knowledge by suffering through one of your posts.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^


From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

In article <1ql6jiINN5df@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>
>The "`little' things" above were in reference to Germany, clearly.  People
>said that there were similar things in Germany, but no one could name any.
>They said that these were things that everyone should know, and that they
>weren't going to waste their time repeating them.  Sounds to me like no one
>knew, either.  I looked in some books, but to no avail.

  If the Anne Frank exhibit makes it to your small little world,
  take an afternoon to go see it.  


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

In article <ofnWyG600WB699voA=@andrew.cmu.edu> pl1u+@andrew.cmu.edu (Patrick C Leger) writes:
>EVER HEAR OF
>BAPTISM AT BIRTH?  If that isn't preying on the young, I don't know what
>is...
>
  
  No, that's praying on the young.  Preying on the young comes
  later, when the bright eyed little altar boy finds out what the
  priest really wears under that chasible.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1qlfd4INN935@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >>Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
|> >>as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.
|> >
|> >So, why "must" they have such laws?
|> 
|> The quotation marks should enclose "laws," not "must."

Oh, Your Highness?   And exactly why "should" the quotation
marks enclose "laws," not "must."

In case you didn't notice, it's the function of the "must"
that I wish to ironicise.

|> 
|> If there were no such rules, even instinctive ones or unwritten ones,
|> etc., then surely some sort of random chance would lead a chimp society
|> into chaos.

Perhaps the chimps that failed to evolve cooperative behaviour
died out, and we are left with the ones that did evolve such
behaviour, entirely by chance.

Are you going to proclaim a natural morality every time an
organism evolves cooperative behaviour?

What about the natural morality of bee dance?

jon.

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>Humans have "gone somewhat beyond" what, exactly?    In one thread
>you're telling us that natural morality is what animals do to
>survive, and in this thread you are claiming that an omniscient
>being can "definitely" say what is right and what is wrong.   So
>what does this omniscient being use for a criterion?   The long-
>term survival of the human species, or what?

Well, that's the question, isn't it?  The goals are probably not all that
obvious.  We can set up a few goals, like happiness and liberty and
the golden rule, etc.  But these goals aren't inherent.  They have to
be defined before an objective system is possible.

>How does omniscient map into "definitely" being able to assign
>"right" and "wrong" to actions?

It is not too difficult, one you have goals in mind, and absolute
knoweldge of everyone's intent, etc.

>>Now you are letting an omniscient being give information to me.  This
>>was not part of the original premise.
>Well, your "original premises" have a habit of changing over time,
>so perhaps you'd like to review it for us, and tell us what the
>difference is between an omniscient being be able to assign "right"
>and "wrong" to actions, and telling us the result, is. 

Omniscience is fine, as long as information is not given away.  Isn't
this the resolution of the free will problem?  An interactive omniscient
being changes the situation.

>>Which type of morality are you talking about?  In a natural sense, it
>>is not at all immoral to harm another species (as long as it doesn't
>>adversely affect your own, I guess).
>I'm talking about the morality introduced by you, which was going to
>be implemented by this omniscient being that can "definitely" assign
>"right" and "wrong" to actions.
>You tell us what type of morality that is.

Well, I was speaking about an objective system in general.  I didn't
mention a specific goal, which would be necessary to determine the
morality of an action.

keith

From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Islam is caused by believing (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism)



In article <1993Apr13.173100.29861@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

>>I'm only saying that anything can happen under atheism.  Being a
>>beleiver, a knowledgeable one in religion, only good can happen.

This is becoming a tiresome statement.  Coming from you it is 
a definition, not an assertion:

   Islam is good.  Belief in Islam is good.  Therefore, being a 
   believer in Islam can produce only good...because Islam is
   good. Blah blah blah.

That's about as circular as it gets, and equally meaningless.  To
say that something produces only good because it is only good that 
it produces is nothing more than an unapplied definition.  And
all you're application is saying that it's true if you really 
believe it's true.  That's silly.

Conversely, you say off-handedly that _anything_ can happen under
atheism.  Again, just an offshoot of believe-it-and-it-becomes-true-
don't-believe-it-and-it-doesn't.  

Like other religions I'm aquainted with, Islam teaches exclusion and
caste, and suggests harsh penalties for _behaviors_ that have no
logical call for punishment (certain limits on speech and sex, for
example).  To me this is not good.  I see much pain and suffering
without any justification, except for the _waving of the hand_ of
some inaccessible god.

By the by, you toss around the word knowledgable a bit carelessly.
For what is a _knowledgeable believer_ except a contradiction of
terms.  I infer that you mean believer in terms of having faith.
And If you need knowledge to believe then faith has nothing
to do with it, does it?

-jim halat
   


From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <115288@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>
>He'd have to be precise about is rejection of God and his leaving Islam.
>One is perfectly free to be muslim and to doubt and question the
>existence of God, so long as one does not _reject_ God. I am sure that
>Rushdie has be now made his atheism clear in front of a sufficient 
>number of proper witnesses. The question in regard to the legal issue
>is his status at the time the crime was committed. 


I'd have to say that I have a problem with any organization, 
religious or not, where the idea that _simple speech_ such
as this is the basis for a crime.

-jim halat                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          

From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <30121@ursa.bear.com>, halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
>In article <115288@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>>
>>He'd have to be precise about is rejection of God and his leaving Islam.
>>One is perfectly free to be muslim and to doubt and question the
>>existence of God, so long as one does not _reject_ God. I am sure that
>>Rushdie has be now made his atheism clear in front of a sufficient 
>>number of proper witnesses. The question in regard to the legal issue
>>is his status at the time the crime was committed. 
>

I'll also add that it is impossible to actually tell when one
_rejects_ god.  Therefore, you choose to punish only those who
_talk_ about it.  

>
>-jim halat                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            

From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: A silly question on x-tianity

In article <1993Apr14.175557.20296@daffy.cs.wisc.edu>, mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:

>Sorry to insult your homestate, but coming from where I do, Wisconsin
>is _very_ backwards.  I was never able to understand that people actually
>held such bigoted and backwards views until I came here.

I have never been to Wisconsin, though I have been to
neighbor Minnesota. Being a child of the Middle Atlantic (NY, NJ, PA)
I found that there were few states in the provences that stood
out in this youngster's mind: California, Texas, and Florida to 
name the most obvious three.  However, both Minnesota and Wisconsin
stuck out, solely on the basis of their politics.  Both have 
always translated to extremely liberal and progressive states.
And my recent trip to Minnestoa last summer served to support that
state's reputation.  My guess is that Wisconsin is probably the
same.  At least that was the impression the people of Minnesota left
with me about their neighbors.

The only question in my head about Wisconsin, though, is 
whether or not there is a cause-effect relationship between
cheese and serial killers :)

-jim halat

From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: The nonexistance of Atheists?!

>DATE:   15 Apr 93 19:20:37 EDT
>FROM:   kmagnacca@eagle.wesleyan.edu
>
>In article <bskendigC5JCwx.Jzn@netcom.com>, bskendig@netcom.com (Brian Kendig) writes:
>>
>> [s.c.a quotes deleted]
>> 
>> It really looks like these people have no idea at all of what it means
>> to be atheist.  There are more Bobby Mozumder clones in the world than
>> I thought...
>
>Well, that explains some things; I posted on soc.religion.islam
>with an attached quote by Bobby to the effect that all atheists
>are lying evil scum, and asked if it was a commonly-held idea
>among muslims.  I got no response.  Asking about the unknown,
>I guess...

You should have tried one of the soc.culture groups in the Middle East
or South Asia area (they are a little more open than the Islam channel).  
I think someone defined atheists as polytheists cuz they say we think the 
world created itself (or something like that) so each particle is a God 
which created the other Gods.  The soc.culture.african is also nice for 
some contrasting viewpoints on the benevolence of religion.  Especially 
when Sudan is mentioned.



From: 9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au (The Desert Brat)
Subject: Keith IS a relativist!

In article <1pigidINNsot@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:

> Not so.  If you are thrown into a cage with a tiger and get mauled, do you
> blame the tiger?

AHA! He admits it! He IS a moral relativist!

Keith, if you start wafffling on about how it is different for a human
to maul someone thrown into it's cage (so to speak), you'd better start
posting tome decent evidence or retract your 'I think there is an absolute
morality' blurb a few weeks ago.

> keith

The Desert Brat
-- 
John J McVey, Elc&Eltnc Eng, Whyalla, Uni S Australia,    ________
9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au      T.S.A.K.C.            \/Darwin o\
For replies, mail to whjjm@wh.whyalla.unisa.edu.au      /\________/
Disclaimer: Unisa hates my opinions.                       bb  bb
+------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
|"It doesn't make a rainbow any less beautiful that we | "God's name is smack  |
|understand the refractive mechanisms that chance to   | for some."            |
|produce it." - Jim Perry, perry@dsinc.com             |    - Alice In Chains  |
+------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+

From: eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (A.Wainwright)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <healta.145.734928689@saturn.wwc.edu>, healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:
|> I hope you're not going to flame him.  Please give him the same coutesy you'
|> ve given me.
|> 
|> Tammy


If a person gives a well-balanced reasoned argument, Tammy, then all are
happy to discuss it with him.  If he makes astounding claims, which are not
backed up with any evidence then he must be expected to substantiate them.
If the original author had said that everything was his own opinion and not
supportable then people would have simply ignored him.  He did not.  He
claimed many things and his logic was seriously flawed.  His argument was for
christianity in an effort to try to convince atheists like myself to believe
him and his message.  I for one will not take things as read.  If you told me
that pink fluffy elephants did the dance of the sugar plum fairy on the dark
side of Jupiter then I would demand evidence!


Adda


-- 
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
|  Adda Wainwright        |    Does dim atal y llanw!         8o)         |
|  eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk |   8o)        Mae .sig 'ma ar werth!           |
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+


From: lpzsml@unicorn.nott.ac.uk (Steve Lang)
Subject: Re: Objective Values 'v' Scientific Accuracy (was Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is)

In article <C5J718.Jzv@dcs.ed.ac.uk>, tk@dcs.ed.ac.uk (Tommy Kelly) wrote:
> In article <1qjahh$mrs@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
> 
> >Science ("the real world") has its basis in values, not the other way round, 
> >as you would wish it.  
> 
> You must be using 'values' to mean something different from the way I
> see it used normally.
> 
> And you are certainly using 'Science' like that if you equate it to
> "the real world".
> 
> Science is the recognition of patterns in our perceptions of the Universe
> and the making of qualitative and quantitative predictions concerning
> those perceptions.

Science is the process of modeling the real world based on commonly agreed
interpretations of our observations (perceptions).

> It has nothing to do with values as far as I can see.
> Values are ... well they are what I value.
> They are what I would have rather than not have - what I would experience
> rather than not, and so on.

Values can also refer to meaning.  For example in computer science the
value of 1 is TRUE, and 0 is FALSE.  Science is based on commonly agreed
values (interpretation of observations), although science can result in a
reinterpretation of these values.

> Objective values are a set of values which the proposer believes are
> applicable to everyone.

The values underlaying science are not objective since they have never been
fully agreed, and the change with time.  The values of Newtonian physic are
certainly different to those of Quantum Mechanics.

Steve Lang
SLANG->SLING->SLINK->SLICK->SLACK->SHACK->SHANK->THANK->THINK->THICK

From: 9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au (The Desert Brat)
Subject: Victims of various 'Good Fight's

In article <9454@tekig7.PEN.TEK.COM>, naren@tekig1.PEN.TEK.COM (Naren Bala) writes:

> LIST OF KILLINGS IN THE NAME OF RELIGION 
> 1. Iran-Iraq War: 1,000,000
> 2. Civil War in Sudan: 1,000,000
> 3, Riots in India-Pakistan in 1947: 1,000,000
> 4. Massacares in Bangladesh in 1971: 1,000,000
> 5. Inquistions in America in 1500s: x million (x=??)
> 6. Crusades: ??

7. Massacre of Jews in WWII: 6.3 million
8. Massacre of other 'inferior races' in WWII: 10 million
9. Communist purges: 20-30 million? [Socialism is more or less a religion]
10. Catholics V Protestants : quite a few I'd imagine
11. Recent goings on in Bombay/Iodia (sp?) area: ??
12. Disease introduced to Brazilian * oher S.Am. tribes: x million

> -- Naren

The Desert Brat
-- 
John J McVey, Elc&Eltnc Eng, Whyalla, Uni S Australia,    ________
9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au      T.S.A.K.C.            \/Darwin o\
For replies, mail to whjjm@wh.whyalla.unisa.edu.au      /\________/
Disclaimer: Unisa hates my opinions.                       bb  bb
+------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
|"It doesn't make a rainbow any less beautiful that we | "God's name is smack  |
|understand the refractive mechanisms that chance to   | for some."            |
|produce it." - Jim Perry, perry@dsinc.com             |    - Alice In Chains  |
+------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+

From: 9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au (The Desert Brat)
Subject: Re: Keith Schneider - Stealth Poster?

In article <1pa0f4INNpit@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:

> But really, are you threatened by the motto, or by the people that use it?

Every time somone writes something and says it is merely describing the norm,
it is infact re-inforcing that norm upon those programmed not to think for
themselves. The motto is dangerous in itself, it tells the world that every
*true* American is god-fearing, and puts down those who do not fear gods. It
doesn't need anyone to make it dangerous, it does a good job itself by just
existing on your currency.

> keith

The Desert Brat
-- 
John J McVey, Elc&Eltnc Eng, Whyalla, Uni S Australia,    ________
9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au      T.S.A.K.C.            \/Darwin o\
For replies, mail to whjjm@wh.whyalla.unisa.edu.au      /\________/
Disclaimer: Unisa hates my opinions.                       bb  bb
+------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
|"It doesn't make a rainbow any less beautiful that we | "God's name is smack  |
|understand the refractive mechanisms that chance to   | for some."            |
|produce it." - Jim Perry, perry@dsinc.com             |    - Alice In Chains  |
+------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+

From: dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller)
Subject: Re: It's all Mary's fault!

pl1u+@andrew.cmu.edu (Patrick C Leger) writes:
: You know, it just occurred to me today that this whole Christian thing
: can be blamed solely on Mary.
: 
: So, she's married to Joseph.  She gets knocked up.  What do you think
: ol' Joe will do if he finds she's been getting around?  So Mary comes up
: with this ridiculous story about God making her pregnant.  
: 

  Nice attempt Chris . . . verrry close.

  You missed the conspiracy by 1 step. Joseph knew who knocked her up.
He couldn't let it be known that somebody ELSE got ol' Mary prego. That
wouldn't do well for his popularity in the local circles. So what 
happened is that she was feeling guilty, he was feeling embarrassed, and
THEY decided to improve both of their images on what could have otherwise
been the downfall for both. Clever indeed. Come to think of it . . . I
have gained a new respect for the couple. Maybe Joseph and Mary should
receive all of the praise being paid to jesus.

Dave "Buckminster" Fuller
How is that one 'o keeper of the nicknames ?


From: cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <timmbake.735265296@mcl>, timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu ("Clam" Bake Timmons) writes:

> 
> >Fallacy #1: Atheism is a faith. Lo! I hear the FAQ beckoning once again...
> >[wonderful Rule #3 deleted - you're correct, you didn't say anything >about
> >a conspiracy]
> 
> Correction: _hard_ atheism is a faith.

Yes.
 
> 
> >>Rule #4:  Don't mix apples with oranges.  How can you say that the
> >>extermination by the Mongols was worse than Stalin?  Khan conquered people
> >>unsympathetic to his cause.That was atrocious.But Stalin killed millions of
> >>his own people who loved and worshipped _him_ and his atheist state!!How can
    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^     
> >>anyone be worse than that?
> 
> >I will not explain this to you again: Stalin did nothing in the name of
> >atheism. Whethe he was or was not an atheist is irrelevant.
> 
> Get a grip, man.  The Stalin example was brought up not as an
> indictment of atheism, but merely as another example of how people will
> kill others under any name that's fit for the occasion.

No, look again. While you never *said* it, the implication is pretty clear.
I'm sorry, but I can only respond to your words, not your true meaning. Usenet
is a slippery medium. 

[deleted wrt the burden of proof]
> 
> So hard atheism has nothing to prove?  Then how does it justify that
> God does not exist?  I know, there's the FAQ, etc.  But guess what -- if
> those justifications were so compelling why aren't people flocking to
> _hard_ atheism?  They're not, and they won't.  I for one will discourage
> people from hard atheism by pointing out those very sources as reliable
> statements on hard atheism.
> 
Look, I'm not supporting *any* dogmatic position. I'd be a fool to say that
in the large group of people that are atheists, no people exist who wish to
proselytize in the same fashion as religion. How many hard atheists do you 
see posting here, anyway? Maybe I'mm just not looking hard enough...

> Second, what makes you think I'm defending any given religion?  I'm merely
> recognizing hard atheism for what it is, a faith.

I never meant to do so, although I understand where you might get that idea.
I was merely using the 'bible' example as an allegory to illustrate my
point.

> 
> And yes, by "we" I am referring to every reader of the post.  Where is the
> evidence that the poster stated that he relied upon?

Evidence for what? Who? I think I may have lost this thread...
 
[why theists are arrogant deleted]
> >Because they say, "Such-and-such is absolutely unalterably True, because
>          ^^^^
> >my dogma says it is True." I am not prepared to issue blanket statements
> >indicting all theists of arrogance as you are wont to do with atheists.
> 
> Bzzt!  By virtue of your innocent little pronoun, "they", you've just issued
> a blanket statement.  At least I will apologize by qualifying my original
> statement with "hard atheist" in place of atheist.  Would you call John the
> Baptist arrogant, who boasted of one greater than he?  That's what many
> Christians do today.  How is that _in itself_ arrogant?

Guilty as charged. What I *meant* to say was, the theists who *are* arrogant
are this way because they say ...  Other than that, I thought my meaning
was clear enough. Any position that claims itself as superior to another with
no supporting evidence is arrogant. Thanks for your apology, btw.

> >
> >> I'm not worthy!
> >Only seriously misinformed.
> With your sophisticated put-down of "they", the theists, _your_ serious
> misinformation shines through.

Explained above.

> 
> --
> Bake Timmons, III
> 
> -- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
> than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Origins of the bible.

Adda Wainwright writes:

>He stated that thousands of bibles were discovered at a certain point in
>time which were syllable-perfect.  This therefore meant that there must have
>been one copy at a certain time; the time quoted by my acquaintance was
>approximately 50 years after the death of Jesus.

This is, as far as I know, complete nonsense.  The codification of the bible
as we have it now came very much later.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>In article <11847@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert
>Beauchaine) writes:
>>Bennett, Neil.  "How BCCI adapted the Koran rules of banking".  The 
>>Times.  August 13, 1991.
> 
> So, let's see. If some guy writes a piece with a title that implies
> something is the case then it must be so, is that it?

Gregg, you haven't provided even a title of an article to support *your*
contention.

>>  This is how you support a position if you intend to have anyone
>>  respect it, Gregg.  Any questions?  And I even managed to include
>>  the above reference with my head firmly engaged in my ass.  What's
>>  your excuse?
> 
> This supports nothing. I have no reason to believe that this is 
> piece is anything other than another anti-Islamic slander job.

You also have no reason to believe it *is* an anti-Islamic slander job, apart
from your own prejudices.

> I have no respect for titles, only for real content. I can look
> up this article if I want, true. But I can tell you BCCI was _not_
> an Islamic bank.

Why, yes.  What's a mere report in The Times stating that BCCI followed
Islamic banking rules?  Gregg *knows* Islam is good, and he *knows* BCCI were
bad, therefore BCCI *cannot* have been Islamic.  Anyone who says otherwise is
obviously spreading slanderous propaganda.

>                                      If someone wants to discuss
> the issue more seriously then I'd be glad to have a real discussion,
> providing references, etc.

I see.  If someone wants to provide references to articles you agree with,
you will also respond with references to articles you agree with?  Mmm, yes,
that would be a very intellectually stimulating debate.  Doubtless that's how
you spend your time in soc.culture.islam.

I've got a special place for you in my...

...kill file.  Right next to Bobby.  Want to join him?

The more you post, the more I become convinced that it is simply a waste of
time to try and reason with Moslems.  Is that what you are hoping to achieve?


mathew

From: dps@nasa.kodak.com (Dan Schaertel,,,)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article 11853@vice.ICO.TEK.COM, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
|>
|>  Yet I am still not a believer.  Is god not concerned with my
|>  disposition?  Why is it beneath him to provide me with the
|>  evidence I would require to believe?  The evidence that my
|>  personality, given to me by this god, would find compelling?

The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
love you.     The responsibility is on you to love God and take a step toward
Him.  He promises to be there for you, but you have to look for yourself.
Those who doubt this or dispute it have not givin it a sincere effort.
Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
know more than you do now.   To learn you must accept that which
you don't know.



From: halat@panther.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <930419.104739.2t8.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew@mantis.co.uk (mathew) writes:
>mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
>>In article <30136@ursa.bear.com> halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
>>>Atoms are not objective.  They aren't even real.  What scientists call
>>>an atom is nothing more than a mathematical model that describes 
>>>certain physical, observable properties of our surroundings.  All
>>>of which is subjective.  
>> 
>> This deserves framing.  It really does.  "[Atoms] aren't even real."
>> 
>> Tell me then, those atoms we have seen with electron microscopes are
>> atoms now, so what are they?  Figments of our imaginations?  The
>> evidence that atoms are real is overwhelming, but I won't bother with
>> most evidence at the moment.
>
>HA HA HA!
>
>Sorry, but having studied cell biology, I have to say that "I can see it
>through an electron microscope, THEREFORE it is real" is a laughable
>statement.
>
[...stuff deleted...]

Thank you.  I thought I was in the twilight zone for a moment.
It still amazes me that many people with science backgrounds 
still confuse the models and observables with what even they
would call the real world.

-jim halat

                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             







In article <30142@ursa.bear.com>, halat@panther.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
>In article <1993Apr17.153653.26206@Princeton.EDU>, datepper@phoenix.Princeton.EDU (David Aaron Tepper) writes:
>
>>You were a liberal arts major, weren'tcha?
>>
>>Guess you never saw that photo of the smallest logo in the world--
>>"IBM" made with noble gas atoms (krypton? xenon? I forget the
>>specifics).
>>
>>Atoms, trees, electrons are all independently observable and
>>verifiable. Morals aren't. See the difference?
>
>
>Just for the record ( not that any kind of information would be
>likely to affect your thinking ) I have an MSEE -- focus in
>Electromagnetics -- from Penn.
>
>A photo of the smallest logo in the world does not an atom make.
>What was observed is something we can measure that matches what 
>the mathematical model we call an atom had predicted.  
>
>Much in the same way that we need BOTH a particle model and a
>wave model for light, the atomic model is a mathematical
>representation of physical phenomena.  A model that can and
>probably will continue to change over time.  That makes it 
>subjective (the model that is).  However, the model gives us an
>objective way to talk about the physical world.
>
>To put it another way, the Quantum Mechanical model of the atom
>allows for discussion of the atom that will give repeatable and
>unambiguous results, which is objective.  However, as Bohr and
>Einstein duked it out mid-century, the interpretation of
>those reapeatable, observable measurements is quite subjective.
>Bohr said that the observable randomness of atomic motion was
>inherent in the nature of the universe.  Einstein said particle
>motion was deterministic, but it was our measurement shortcomings
>that introduced the randomness.  They were talking about the
>EXACT same results, though.
>
>-jim halat

From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
> There lies the hypocrisy, dude.  Atheism takes as much faith as theism.  
> Admit it!

Some people might think it takes faith to be an atheist... but faith in
what?  Does it take some kind of faith to say that the Great Invisible Pink
Unicorn does not exist?  Does it take some kind of faith to say that Santa
Claus does not exist?  If it does (and it may for some people I suppose) it
certainly isn't as big a leap of faith to say that these things (and god)
DO exist.  (I suppose it depends on your notion and definition of "faith".)

Besides... not believing in a god means one doesn't have to deal with all
of the extra baggage that comes with it!  This leaves a person feeling
wonderfully free, especially after beaten over the head with it for years!
I agree that religion and belief is often an important psychological healer
for many people and for that reason I think it's important.  However,
trying to force a psychological fantasy (I don't mean that in a bad way,
but that's what it really is) on someone else who isn't interested is
extremely rude.  What if I still believed in Santa Claus and said that my
belief in Santa did wonderful things for my life (making me a better
person, allowing me to live without guilt, etc...) and then tried to get
you to believe in Santa too just 'cuz he did so much for me?  You'd call
the men in white coats as soon as you could get to a phone.

> --
> Bake Timmons, III

Nanci  (just babbling... :-))
.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
Spring is nature's way of saying, 'Let's party!'


From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

I apologize for the long delay in getting a response to this posted.
I've been working reduced hours the past couple of weeks because I had
a son born (the day after Umar's article was posted, btw).  I did
respond within a couple of days, but it turns out that a a
coincidental news software rearrangement caused postings from this
site to silently disappear rather than going out into the world.  This
is a revision of that original response.

In article <C52q47.7Ct@ra.nrl.navy.mil> khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil (Umar Khan) writes:
>In article <1ps98fINNm2u@dsi.dsinc.com> perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:
>>Only a functional illiterate with absolutely no conception of the
>>nature of the novel could think such a thing.

[this was in response to the claim that "Rushdie made false statements
about the life of Mohammed", with the disclaimer "(fiction, I know,
but where is the line between fact and fiction?) - I stand by this
distinction between fiction and "false statements"]

>>However, it's not for his writing in _The Satanic Verses_, but for
>>what people have accepted as a propagandistic version of what is
>>contained in that book.  I have yet to find *one single muslim* who
>>has convinced me that they have read the book.  Some have initially
>>claimed to have done so, but none has shown more knowledge of the book
>>than a superficial Newsweek story might impart, and all have made
>>factual misstatements about events in the book.
>
>You keep saying things like this.  Then, you accuse people like me of
>making ad hominem arguments.  I repeat, as I have said in previous
>postings on AA: I *have* read TSV from cover to cover

I had not seen that claim, or I might have been less sweeping.  You
have made what I consider factual misstatements about events in the
book, which I have raised in the past, in the "ISLAM: a clearer view"
thread as well as the root of the "Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]"
thread.  My statement was not that you had not read the book, but that
you had not convinced me that you [inter alia] had.  As I said before,
if you want to defend your position, then produce evidence, and
respond to the evidence I have posted; so far you have not.  Of
course, my statement was not directly aimed at you, but broadly at a
number of Muslim posters who have repeated propaganda about the book,
indicating that they haven't read it, and narrowly at Gregg Jaeger,
who subsequently admitted that he hadn't in fact read the book,
vindicating my skepticism in at least that one case.

So far, the only things I have to go on regarding your own case are a)
the statements you made concerning the book in the "a clearer view"
posting, which I have challenged (not interpretation, but statements
of fact, for instance "Rushdie depicts the women of the most
respected family in all of Islam as whores"), and b) your claim (which
I had not seen before this) that you have indeed read it cover to
cover.  I am willing to try to resolve this down to a disagreement on
critical interpretation, but you'll have to support your end, by
responding to my criticism.  I have no doubt as to the ability of a
particular Muslim to go through this book with a highlighter finding
passages to take personal offense at, but you have upheld the view
that "TSV *is* intended as an attack on Islam and upon Muslims".  This
view must be defended by more than mere assertion, if you want anyone
to take it seriously.

>I am trying very hard to be amicable and rational.  

And I appreciate it, but welcome to the club.  I am defending my
honest opinion that this book should not be construed as a calculated
(or otherwise) insulting attack on Islam, and the parallel opinion
that most of the criticism of the book I have seen is baseless
propaganda.  I have supported my statements and critical
interpretationa with in-context quotes from the book and Rushdie's
essays, which is more than my correspondents have done.  Of course,
you are more than welcome to do so.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics


Chris Faehl writes:

> >Many atheists do not mock the concept of a god, they are shocked that
> >so many theists have fallen to such a low level that they actually
> >believe in a god.  You accuse all atheists of being part of a conspiracy,
> >again without evidence.
>
>> Rule *2:  Condescending to the population at large (i.e., theists) will >not
>> win many people to your faith anytime soon.  It only ruins your credibility.

>Fallacy #1: Atheism is a faith. Lo! I hear the FAQ beckoning once again...
>[wonderful Rule #3 deleted - you're correct, you didn't say anything >about
>a conspiracy]

Correction: _hard_ atheism is a faith.

>> Rule #4:  Don't mix apples with oranges.  How can you say that the
>> extermination by the Mongols was worse than Stalin?  Khan conquered people
>> unsympathetic to his cause. That was atrocious. But Stalin killed millions of
>> his own people who loved and worshipped _him_ and his atheist state!!  How can
>> anyone be worse than that?

>I will not explain this to you again: Stalin did nothing in the name of
>atheism. Whethe he was or was not an atheist is irrelevant.

Get a grip, man.  The Stalin example was brought up not as an
indictment of atheism, but merely as another example of how people will
kill others under any name that's fit for the occasion.

>> Rule #6:  If you rely on evidence, state it.  We're waiting.

>As opposed to relying on a bunch of black ink on some crumbling old paper...
>Atheism has to prove nothing to you or anyone else. It is the burden of
>dogmatic religious bullshit to provide their 'evidence'. Which 'we'
>might you be referring to, and how long are you going to wait?

So hard atheism has nothing to prove?  Then how does it justify that
God does not exist?  I know, there's the FAQ, etc.  But guess what -- if
those justifications were so compelling why aren't people flocking to
_hard_ atheism?  They're not, and they won't.  I for one will discourage
people from hard atheism by pointing out those very sources as reliable
statements on hard atheism.

Second, what makes you think I'm defending any given religion?  I'm merely
recognizing hard atheism for what it is, a faith.

And yes, by "we" I am referring to every reader of the post.  Where is the
evidence that the poster stated that he relied upon?
>
>> Oh yes, though I'm not a theist, I can say safely that *by definition* many
>> theists are not arrogant, since they boast about something _outside_
>> themselves, namely, a god or gods.  So in principle it's hard to see how
>> theists are necessarily arrogant.

>Because they say, "Such-and-such is absolutely unalterably True, because
         ^^^^
>my dogma says it is True." I am not prepared to issue blanket statements
>indicting all theists of arrogance as you are wont to do with atheists.

Bzzt!  By virtue of your innocent little pronoun, "they", you've just issued
a blanket statement.  At least I will apologize by qualifying my original
statement with "hard atheist" in place of atheist.  Would you call John the
Baptist arrogant, who boasted of one greater than he?  That's what many
Christians do today.  How is that _in itself_ arrogant?
>
>> I'm not worthy!
>Only seriously misinformed.
With your sophisticated put-down of "they", the theists, _your_ serious
misinformation shines through.

--
Bake Timmons, III

-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism)

In <16BB4C522.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:

>In article <1993Apr17.122329.21438@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
>darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
> 
>>>>"AND IT IS HE (GOD ALMIGHTY) WHO CREATED THE NIGHT AND THE
>>>>DAY, AND THE SUN AND THE EARTH:  ALL (THE CELETIAL BODIES)
>>>>SWIM ALONG, EACH IN ITS ROUNDED COURSE."  (Holy Quran 21:33)
>>
>>>Hmm. This agrees with the Ptolemic system of the earth at the centre,
>>>with the planets orbitting round it. So Copernicus and Gallileo were
>>>wrong after all!
>>
>>You haven't read very carefully -- if you look again, you will see that
>>it doesn't say anything about what is circling what.
> 
>Anyway, they are not moving in circles.  

Oops, sorry, my words, not the words of the Qur'an.

>Nor is there any evidence that
>everything goes around in a rounded course in a general sense. Wishy-
>washy statements are not scientific.

Note that "(the celestial bodies)" in the above verse is an
interpolation (which is why it is in brackets) -- it is the translator's 
(incorrect, IMHO) interpretation.

Here is Maurice Bucaille's translation (he studied Arabic for his
research into the Qur'an and science) of this verse:

"(God is) the One Who created the night, the day, the sun and the moon.
Each is travelling in an orbit with its own motion." (Qur'an :33)

The positive aspect of this verse noted by Dr. Maurice Bucaille is that
while geocentrism was the commonly accepted notion at the time (and for
a long time afterwards), there is no notion of geocentrism in this verse
(or anywhere in the Qur'an).

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism)

In <CINDY.93Apr18124333@solan10.solan.unit.no> cindy@solan10.solan.unit.no (Cynthia Kandolf) writes:

>Various quotes deleted in the interest of saving a little bit of
>bandwidth, but i will copy the Koran quote:
>>>>"AND IT IS HE (GOD ALMIGHTY) WHO CREATED THE NIGHT AND THE
>>>>DAY, AND THE SUN AND THE EARTH:  ALL (THE CELETIAL BODIES)
>>>>SWIM ALONG, EACH IN ITS ROUNDED COURSE."  (Holy Quran 21:33)

>As it has been pointed out, this quote makes no claim about what
>orbits what.  The idea that something orbited something had been held
>as true for many years before the Koran was written, so the fact that
>it says something orbits something is hardly surprising insight.  My
>concern is with the word "rounded". 

>There are two interpretations of this word:
>1. It means in a circle.  This is wrong, although many believed it to
>be true at the time the Koran was written.  In other words, it is not
>describing our neighborhood of the universe as it really exists, but
>as it was thought to be at the time.  This has implications which i
>hope are obvious to everyone.
>2. It means "in a rounded shape", which could include elipses (the
>geometrical form which most nearly describes the orbits of the
>planets).  This is also not a great insight.  Look at the shapes you
>see in nature.  Very few of them even approach a square or rectangle;
>those are human-created shapes.  Everything in nature is rounded to
>some degree.  Even the flat-earthers don't try to claim Earth is a
>rectangle.  Children who draw imaginary animals seldom give them
>rectangular bodies.  We seem to instinctively recognize that nature
>produces rounded shapes; hence, the assumption that the orbits of the
>planets would be round hardly takes divine inspiration.

It is good to remember that every translation is to some extent an
interpretation, so (as you point out below) one must really go back to
the original Arabic.  Regarding the verses relevant to nature, I prefer
to use Dr. Maurice Bucaille's translations (in his book, "The Bible, the
Qur'an and Science") for in general his translations are more literal.
 
Maurice Bucaille translates the portion of the verse you are addressing
as 

"...Each one is travelling with an orbit in its own motion."

(Also note that "the celestial bodies" in the first translation quoted
by you above is the translator's interpolation -- it is not existent in
the original Arabic, which is why it is included in brackets.) 

>Perhaps someone who can read the original Arabic can eliminate one of
>these interpretations; at any rate, neither one of them is exactly
>impressive.

You're right, what the verses _do_ contain isn't all that remarkable.

However, Dr. Bucaille (a surgeon, that's how he's a "Dr.") thinks it is
significant that the above verse contains no geocentric ideas, even
though geocentrism was all the rage up until the 17th century (?) or so.
(And this goes for the rest of the Qur'an as well, which has about 750
verses or so regarding nature, I think I remember reading once.)

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

From: ch981@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Tony Alicea)
Subject: Southern Baptist Convention & Freemasonry


     With the Southern Baptist Convention convening this June to consider
the charges that Freemasonry is incompatible with christianity, I thought
the following quotes by Mr. James Holly, the Anti-Masonic Flag Carrier,
would amuse you all...

     The following passages are exact quotes from "The Southern 
Baptist Convention and Freemasonry" by James L. Holly, M.D., President
of Mission and Ministry To Men, Inc., 550 N 10th St., Beaumont, TX 
77706. 
 
     The inside cover of the book states: "Mission & Ministry to Men, 
Inc. hereby grants permission for the reproduction of part or all of 
this booklet with two provisions: one, the material is not changed and
two, the source is identified." I have followed these provisions. 
  
     "Freemasonry is one of the allies of the Devil" Page iv. 
 
     "The issue here is not moderate or conservative, the issue is God
and the Devil" Page vi." 
 
     "It is worthwhile to remember that the formulators of public 
school education in America were Freemasons" Page 29. 
 
     "Jesus Christ never commanded toleration as a motive for His 
disciples, and toleration is the antithesis of the Christian message."
Page 30. 
 
     "The central dynamic of the Freemason drive for world unity 
through fraternity, liberty and equality is toleration. This is seen 
in the writings of the 'great' writers of Freemasonry". Page 31. 
 
     "He [Jesus Christ] established the most sectarian of all possible 
faiths." Page 37. 
 
     "For narrowness and sectarianism, there is no equal to the Lord 
Jesus Christ". Page 40. 
 
     "What seems so right in the interest of toleration and its 
cousins-liberty, equality and fraternity-is actually one of the 
subtlest lies of the 'father of lies.'" Page 40. 
 
     "The Southern Baptist Convention has many churches which were 
founded in the Lodge and which have corner stones dedicated by the 
Lodge. Each of these churches should hold public ceremonies of 
repentance and of praying the blood and the Name of the Lord Jesus 
Christ over the church and renouncing the oaths taken at the 
dedication of the church and/or building." Page 53-54.  
 

Tony   

From: yohan@citation.ksu.ksu.edu (Jonathan W Newton)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior


In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>Merely a question for the basis of morality
>
>Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.

I disagree with these.  What society thinks should be irrelevant.  What the
individual decides is all that is important.

>
>1)Who is society

I think this is fairly obvious

>
>2)How do "they" define what is acceptable?

Generally by what they "feel" is right, which is the most idiotic policy I can
think of.

>
>3)How do we keep from a "whatever is legal is what is "moral" "position?

By thinking for ourselves.

>
>MAC
>--
>****************************************************************
>                                                    Michael A. Cobb
> "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
>    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
>          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
>                                              
>With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Origins of the bible.

In article <1993Apr19.141112.15018@cs.nott.ac.uk>, eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (A.Wainwright) writes:
> Hi,
> 
> I have been having an argument about the origins of the bible lately with
> a theist acquaintance.  He stated that thousands of bibles were discovered
> at a certain point in time which were syllable-perfect.  This therefore
> meant that there must have been one copy at a certain time; the time quoted
> by my acquaintace was approximately 50 years after the death of Jesus.

Hi Adda,

Most Bible scholars agree that there was one copy of each book at a certain
time -- the time when the author wrote it.  Unfortunately, like all works
from this time period and earlier, all that exists today are copies. 

> 
> Cutting all of the crap out of the way (ie god wrote it) could anyone answer
> the following:
> 
> 1.  How old is the oldest surviving copy of the new testament?

There are parts of books, scraps really, that date from around the
mid second century (A.D. 130+).  There are some complete books, letters,
etc. from the middle third century.  The first complete collection of
the New Testament dates from the early 4th century (A.D. 325).  Throughout
this period are writings of various early church fathers/leaders who
quoted various scriptures in their writings.

> 2.  Is there any truth in my acquaintance's statements?

If you mean that someone discovered thousands of "Bibles" which were all
perfect copies dating from the last part of the 1st century...No!

If you mean that there are thousands of early manuscripts (within the
dates given above, but not letter perfect) and that the most probable
text can be reconstructed from these documents and that the earliest
original autographs (now lost) probably were written starting sometime
shortly after A.D. 50, then yes.

> 3.  From who/where did the bible originate?

From the original authors.  We call them Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, Peter,
Paul, James, and one other not identified.

> 4.  How long is a piece of string? ;-)

As long as you make it.

> 
> Adda
> 
> -- 

Regards,

Jim B.

From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <madhausC5rFqo.9qL@netcom.com> madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann) writes:
>
>"Clam" Bake Timmons = Bill "Shit Stirrer Connor"
>

  Sorry, gotta disagree with you on this one Maddi (not the
  resemblence to Bill.  The nickname).

  I prefer "Half" Bake'd Timmons

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Requests

In article <healta.157.735271671@saturn.wwc.edu> healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:
>
>Bob, if you're wanting an excuse to convert to Christianity, you gonna have 
>to look elsewhere.
>

  Damn.  And I did so have my hopes up.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

In article <sandvik-190493224221@sandvik-kent.apple.com> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:
>
>As I know you can't get any physical problems by passive Christianity,
>unlike smoking. It's not that hard to avoid Christianity today, anyway.
>Just ignore 'em.
>

  Right on Keith, err, Kent.  

  Whadda you mean, you didn't see the smiley?

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: What's a shit shoveler to do? (was Re: Amusing atheists and)

In article <1qvn1pINNj90@shelley.u.washington.edu> jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan) writes:
>
>When the various Bill Conners and Bobbys post here, I felt that 
>their passive-aggressive "knock that chip off my shoulder"
>type of approach meant that attempts at reasoned argument 
>would be wasted.   I still think that.  However, while more 
>primitive responses (teasing, bronx cheers, sarcasm) are somewhat
>satisfying ( :-)  apologies to anyone who still thinks Bobby is
>a performance artist! ), some of them feed in to a pointless,
>circular round of ad hominem name-calling.  Witness:
>

  Precisely my position.  

  As a newbie, I tried the point-by-point approach to debate with
  these types.  It wasted both my time and my lifespan.  Ignoring
  them is not an option, since they don't go away, and doing so
  would leave one with large stretches of complete anonymity in this
  group.

  What's left?  Healthy flaming.  I'm sure on occassion I've
  appeared to be little more than a caustic boob to some of the
  Bobby types.  But why waste breath arguing with someone whose most
  rational though process involves his excretory system?

  And I stand by my record of recognizing these people long before
  most of the rest of the group.  So let's see what this Timmons
  character has in store for us...

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>In article 11853@vice.ICO.TEK.COM, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>|>
>|>  Yet I am still not a believer.  Is god not concerned with my
>|>  disposition?  Why is it beneath him to provide me with the
>|>  evidence I would require to believe?  The evidence that my
>|>  personality, given to me by this god, would find compelling?
>
>The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
>But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
>you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
>love you.     

  First, I don't expect them to love me if they don't even know I
  exist.  Secondly, I wouldn't expect them to love me simply because
  they were my creator.  I would expect to have to earn that love.

>The responsibility is on you to love God and take a step toward
>Him.  He promises to be there for you, but you have to look for yourself.

  Are you daft?  How do I love something I don't believe exists?
  Come back when you've learned to love your third testicle.

>Those who doubt this or dispute it have not givin it a sincere effort.
>Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
>that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
>Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
>the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
>know more than you do now.   To learn you must accept that which
>you don't know.

  At which point you have stepped over the line and become a
  complete asshole.  Even though it's your first offense, I won't
  let it slip becuase I've heard it too goddamned many times.

  You love Jesus because deep in your heart you're a cannibalistic
  necrophiliac.  Because I say so, and I'm much more qualified to
  assess your motivations than you are.

  Fortunately, there are some things I get to accept on evidence
  rather than faith.  One of them being that until christians like
  yourself quit being so fucking arrogant, there will never be
  peace.  You've all made sure of that.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics


James Hogan writes:

timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
>>Jim Hogan quips:

>>... (summary of Jim's stuff)

>>Jim, I'm afraid _you've_ missed the point.

>>>Thus, I think you'll have to admit that  atheists have a lot
>>more up their sleeve than you might have suspected.

>>Nah.  I will encourage people to learn about atheism to see how little atheists
>>have up their sleeves.  Whatever I might have suspected is actually quite
>>meager.  If you want I'll send them your address to learn less about your
>>faith.

>Faith?

Yeah, do you expect people to read the FAQ, etc. and actually accept hard
atheism?  No, you need a little leap of faith, Jimmy.  Your logic runs out
of steam!

>>>Fine, but why do these people shoot themselves in the foot and mock
>>>the idea of a God?  ....

>>>I hope you understand now.

>>Yes, Jim.  I do understand now.  Thank you for providing some healthy sarcasm
>>that would have dispelled any sympathies I would have had for your faith.

>Bake,

>Real glad you detected the sarcasm angle, but am really bummin' that
>I won't be getting any of your sympathy.  Still, if your inclined
>to have sympathy for somebody's *faith*, you might try one of the
>religion newsgroups.

>Just be careful over there, though. (make believe I'm
>whispering in your ear here)  They're all delusional!

Jim,

Sorry I can't pity you, Jim.  And I'm sorry that you have these feelings of
denial about the faith you need to get by.  Oh well, just pretend that it will
all end happily ever after anyway.  Maybe if you start a new newsgroup,
alt.atheist.hard, you won't be bummin' so much?

>Good job, Jim.
>.

>Bye, Bake.


>>[more slim-Jim (tm) deleted]

>Bye, Bake!
>Bye, Bye!

Bye-Bye, Big Jim.  Don't forget your Flintstone's Chewables!  :) 
--
Bake Timmons, III

-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

From: agrino@enkidu.mic.cl (Andres Grino Brandt)
Subject: Studies on Book of Mormon

Hi!

I don't know much about Mormons, and I want to know about serious independent
studies about the Book of Mormon.

I don't buy the 'official' story about the gold original taken to heaven,
but haven't read the Book of Mormon by myself (I have to much work learning
Biblical Hebrew), I will appreciate any comment about the results of study
in style, vocabulary, place-names, internal consistency, and so on.

For example: There is evidence for one-writer or multiple writers?
There are some mention about events, places, or historical persons later
discovered by archeologist?

Yours in Collen

Andres Grino Brandt               Casilla 14801 - Santiago 21
agrino@enkidu.mic.cl                        Chile

No hay mas realidad que la realidad, y la razon es su profeta

From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

In article <1993Apr20.062328.19776@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, 
dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:

[...]
> 
> Wait a minute.  You said *never* play a Chamberlain.  Since the US
> *is* playing Chamberlain as far as East Timor is concerned, wouldn't
> that lead you to think that your argument is irrelevant and had nothing
> to do with the Gulf War?  Actually, I rather like your idea.  Perhaps
> the rest of the world should have bombed (or maybe missiled) Washington
> when the US invaded Nicaragua, Grenada, Panama, Vietnam, Mexico, Hawaii,
> or any number of other places.

Wait a minute, Doug.  I know you are better informed than that.  The US 
has never invaded Nicaragua (as far as I know).  We liberated Grenada 
from the Cubans	to protect US citizens there and to prevent the completion 
of a strategic air strip.  Panama we invaded, true (twice this century).  
Vietnam?  We were invited in by the government of S. Vietnam.  (I guess 
we "invaded" Saudi Arabia during the Gulf War, eh?)  Mexico?  We have 
invaded Mexico 2 or 3 times, once this century, but there were no missiles 
for anyone to shoot over here at that time.  Hawaii?  We liberated it from 
Spain.

So if you mean by the word "invaded" some sort of military action where
we cross someone's border, you are right 5 out of 6.  But normally
"invaded" carries a connotation of attacking an autonomous nation.
(If some nation "invades" the U.S. Virgin Islands, would they be
invading the Virgin Islands or the U.S.?)  So from this point of
view, your score falls to 2 out of 6 (Mexico, Panama).

[...]
> 
> What's a "peace-nik"?  Is that somebody who *doesn't* masturbate
> over "Guns'n'Ammo" or what?  Is it supposed to be bad to be a peace-nik?

No, it's someone who believes in "peace-at-all-costs".  In other words,
a person who would have supported giving Hitler not only Austria and
Czechoslakia, but Poland too if it could have averted the War.  And one
who would allow Hitler to wipe all *all* Jews, slavs, and political 
dissidents in areas he controlled as long as he left the rest of us alone.

"Is it supposed to be bad to be a peace-nik," you ask?  Well, it depends
on what your values are.  If you value life over liberty, peace over
freedom, then I guess not.  But if liberty and freedom mean more to you
than life itself; if you'd rather die fighting for liberty than live
under a tyrant's heel, then yes, it's "bad" to be a peace-nik.

The problem with most peace-niks it they consider those of us who are
not like them to be "bad" and "unconscionable".  I would not have any
argument or problem with a peace-nik if they held to their ideals and
stayed out of all conflicts or issues, especially those dealing with 
the national defense.  But no, they are not willing to allow us to
legitimately hold a different point-of-view.  They militate and 
many times resort to violence all in the name of peace.  (What rank
hypocrisy!)  All to stop we "warmongers" who are willing to stand up 
and defend our freedoms against tyrants, and who realize that to do
so requires a strong national defense.

Time to get off the soapbox now.  :)

[...]
> --
> Doug Graham         dgraham@bnr.ca         My opinions are my own.

Regards,

Jim B.

From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

nancyo@fraser.sfu.ca (Nancy Patricia O'Connor) writes:

>timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:

>>Rule #4:  Don't mix apples with oranges.  How can you say that the
>>extermination by the Mongols was worse than Stalin?  Khan conquered people
>>unsympathetic to his cause.  That was atrocious.  But Stalin killed millions of
>>his own people who loved and worshipped _him_ and his atheist state!!  How can
>>anyone be worse than that?

>You're right.  And David Koresh claimed to be a Christian.

Yup.  I can hear the _millions_ cheering for DK right now!  Josef Stalin eat
your heart out!  :)
--
Bake Timmons, III

-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: He has risen!



	Our Lord and Savior David Keresh has risen!


	He has been seen alive!


	Spread the word!




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
		
		"My sole intention was learning to fly."

From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Idle questions for fellow atheists

acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu wrote:
 
: I wonder how many atheists out there care to speculate on the face of
: the world  if atheists were the majority rather than the minority group
: of the population. 

I've been thinking about this every now and then since I cut my ties
with Christianity. It is surprising to note that a large majority of
people, at least in Finland, seem to be apatheists - even though
90 % of the population are members of the Lutheran Church of Finland,
religious people are actually a minority. 

Could it be possible that many people believe in god "just in case"?
It seems people do not want to seek the truth; they fall prey to Pascal's
Wager or other poor arguments. A small minority of those who do believe
reads the Bible regularly. The majority doesn't care - it believes,
but doesn't know what or how. 

People don't usually allow their beliefs to change their lifestyle,
they only want to keep the virtual gate open. A Christian would say
that they are not "born in the Spirit", but this does not disturb them.
Religion is not something to think about. 

I'm afraid a society with a true atheist majority is an impossible
dream. Religions have a strong appeal to people, nevertheless - 
a promise of life after death is something humans eagerly listen to.
Coupled with threats of eternal torture and the idea that our
morality is under constant scrutiny of some cosmic cop, too many
people take the poison with a smile. Or just pretend to swallow
(and unconsciously hope god wouldn't notice ;-) )

: Also, how many atheists out there would actually take the stance and accor a
: higher value to their way of thinking over the theistic way of thinking.  The
: typical selfish argument would be that both lines of thinking evolved from the
: same inherent motivation, so one is not, intrinsically, different from the
: other, qualitatively.  But then again a measuring stick must be drawn
: somewhere, and if we cannot assign value to a system of beliefs at its core,
: than the only other alternative is to apply it to its periphery; ie, how it
: expresses its own selfishness.

If logic and reason are valued, then I would claim that atheistic thinking
is of higher value than the theistic exposition. Theists make unnecessary
assumptions they believe in - I've yet to see good reasons to believe
in gods, or to take a leap of faith at all. A revelation would do.

However, why do we value logic and reasoning? This questions bears
some resemblance to a long-disputed problem in science: why mathematics
works? Strong deep structuralists, like Atkins, have proposed that
perhaps, after all, everything _is_ mathematics. 

Is usefulness any criterion?

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In article <C5r9At.Asv@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
#In <1qvabj$g1j@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) 
#writes:
#
#>In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
#Cobb) writes:
#
#Am I making a wrong assumption for the basis of morals?  Where do they come 
#from?  The question came from the idea that I heard that morals come from
#whatever is societally mandated.

It's only one aspect of morality.  Societal morality is necessarily
very crude and broad-brush stuff which attempts to deal with what
is necessary to keep that society going  - and often it's a little
over-enthusiastic about doing so.  Individual morality is a different
thing, it often includes societal mores (or society is in trouble),
but is stronger.  For example, some people are vegetarian, though eating
meat may be perfectly legal.

#
#>#Merely a question for the basis of morality
#>#
#>#Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.
#>#
#>#1)Who is society
#
#>Depends on the society.
#
#Doesn't help.  Is the point irrelevant?

No.  Often the answer is "we are".  But if society is those who make
the rules, that's a different question.  If society is who should
make the rules, that's yet another.  I don't claim to have the answers, either,
but I don't think we do it very well in Ireland, and I like some things
about the US system, at least in principle.

#
#>#2)How do "they" define what is acceptable?
#
#>Depends.
#On....  Again, this comes from a certain question (see above).

Well, ideally they don't, but if they must they should do it by consensus, IMO.
#
#>#3)How do we keep from a "whatever is legal is what is "moral" "position?
#
#>By adopting a default position that people's moral decisions
#>are none of society's business,
#
#So how can we put people in jail? How can we condemn other societies?

Because sometimes that's necessary.  The hard trick is to recognise when
it is, and equally importantly, when it isn't.

# and only interfering when it's truly
#>necessary.
#
#Why would it be necessary?  What right do we have to interfere?

IMO, it isn't often that interference (i.e. jail, and force of various
kinds and degrees) is both necessary and effective.  Where you derive 
the right to interfere is a difficult question - it's a sort of
liar's paradox: "force is necessary for freedom".   One possible justification
is that people who wish to take away freedom shouldn't object if
their own freedom is taken away - the paradox doesn't arise if
we don't actively wish to take way anyone's freedom.
#
#  The introduction of permissible interference causes the problem
#>that it can be either too much or too little - but most people seem
#>to agree that some level of interference is necessary.
#
#They see the need for a "justice" system.  How can we even define that term?

Only by consensus, I guess.

#  Thus you
#>get a situation where "The law often allows what honour forbids", which I've
#>come to believe is as it should be.  
#
#I admit I don't understand that statement.

What I mean is that, while thus-and-such may be legal, thus-and-such may
also be seen as immoral.   The law lets you do it, but you don't let yourself
do it.  Eating meat, for example.
-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

In <2943927496.1.p00261@psilink.com> "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:

>>DATE:   14 Apr 1993 23:52:11 GMT
>>FROM:   Frank O'Dwyer <frank@D012S658.uucp>
>>
>>In article <1993Apr14.102810.6059@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>>
>>Just borrowing your post, Mr. Rice...
>>
>>#In <2943656910.0.p00261@psilink.com> "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
>>#>Are you sure that democracy is the driving force behind
>>#>the massacres in East Timor?  It is certainly odd that so many of the worlds
>>#>massacres occur along religious lines, independently of any claims to a
>>#>democratic form of government.  Are Ireland and Northern Ireland considered
>>#>democracies?  Would you attribute their problems to democracy even though
>>#>they are democracies?  Which motivates them more, religion or democracy?
>>
>>Mr. Rice was pointing out a fallacy in the assertion that Islam is evil
>>because some of those who claim to follow it are evil, not asserting that 
>>democracy causes massacres, as I read it.  

>That is right, he was.  And I was pointing out that his use of Indonesians
>killing the East Timorese as a result of _democracy_ was a bit weak because
>democracy is not much of a motivation for doing much of anything in Indonesia
>from what I remember.  East Timor was a former Portguese territory which was
>forcibly annexed by Indonesia.  Last I heard over 10,000 Indonesians have
>died trying to keep East Timor a part of Indonesia.  Being a former 
>Portuguese colony, there is a strong Catholic influence in East Timor as I
>recall.  So it seems a bit odd that yet again we have another war being
>fought between people who just "happen" to have different religions.  Purely
>coincidental, I guess.  But then the real motivation is to get the vote out
>and make democracy work in Indonesia.

I pointed out the secession movement in Aceh which has also been
brutally dealt with in the past by the Indonesian government.  The
harshly with all secessionist movements.
the evidence, it appears to me that the Indonesian government has dealt
very harshly with all secession movements.

I know that the head of the Indonesian armed forces for a very long time
was Benny Murdani -- a "Christian".  Indonesia has been heavy handed in
East Timor for a long time , even when Murdani was head of the armed
forces.  The people who make up the
Indonesian government are in general motivated by national interests,
not religious ones.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   


From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics


Robert Knowles writes:

>>
>>My my, there _are_ a few atheists with time on their hands.  :)
>>
>>OK, first I apologize.  I didn't bother reading the FAQ first and so fired an
>>imprecise flame.  That was inexcusable.
>>

>How about the nickname Bake "Flamethrower" Timmons?

Sure, but Robert "Koresh-Fetesh" (sic) Knowles seems good, too.  :) 
>
>You weren't at the Koresh compound around noon today by any chance, were you?
>
>Remember, Koresh "dried" for your sins.
>
>And pass that beef jerky.  Umm Umm.

Though I wasn't there, at least I can rely on you now to keep me posted on what
what he's doing.

Have you any other fetishes besides those for beef jerky and David Koresh? 
--
Bake Timmons, III

-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

From: Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <C5prCA.590@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
says:
>
>In <11836@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>
>>In article <C5L1Ey.Jts@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike
>Cobb) writes:
>
>>  If I'm wrong, god is free at any time to correct my mistake.  That
>>  he continues not to do so, while supposedly proclaiming his
>>  undying love for my eternal soul, speaks volumes.
>
>What are the volumes that it speaks besides the fact that he leaves your
>choices up to you?

Leaves the choices up to us but gives us no better reason
to believe than an odd story of his alleged son getting
killed for us?  And little new in the past few thousand
years, leaving us with only the texts passed down through
centuries of meddling with the meaning and even wording.
...most of this passing down and interpretation of course
coming from those who have a vested interest in not allowing
the possibility that it might not be the ultimate truth.
What about maybe talking to us directly, eh?
He's a big god, right?  He ought to be able to make time
for the creations he loves so much...at least enough to
give us each a few words of direct conversation.
What, he's too busy to get around to all of us?
Or maybe a few unquestionably-miraculous works here and
there?
...speaks volumes upon volumes to me that I've never
gotten a chance to meet the guy and chat with him.

From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War

In article <930419.115707.6f2.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>>In article <930414.121019.7E4.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew
>><mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>>> Yes.  Fortunately we have right-thinking folks like your good self in power
>>> and it was therefore deemed acceptable to slaughter tens or even hundreds o
>>> thousands of Iraqis in order to liberate oil^H^H^HKuwait.  We won the war,
>>> hurrah hurrah!
>> 
>> The number of civilian Iraqi deaths were way over-exaggerated and 
>> exploited for anti-war emotionalism by the liberal news media.  The
>> facts are that less Iraqis died in the Gulf War than did civilians 
>> in any other war of comparable size this century!
> 
> Let's analyze this claim a little.  How is the "size" of a war defined?  By
> number of participants?  Geographical area?  Number of countries involved? 
> Number of casualties?

Size of armies, duration, numbers of casualties both absolute and as a
percentage of those involved, geographical area and numbers of countries
too, are all measures of size.  In this case I'd say the relevant
statistic would be the number of combatants (total troops) compared to
total casualties from among the total civilian population in the
affected geographical area.

> 
> Which other "comparable" wars are we talking about?

Vietnam and Korea might make good comparisons.

> 
> Which "liberal news media" are we talking about?
> 

Western news in general, but in particular the American "mass media":
CBS, NBC, ABC, etc.  The general tone of the news during the whole
war was one of "those poor, poor Iraqis" along with "look how precisely
this cruise missile blew this building to bits".

>>                                                    This was due mostly
>> to the short duration coupled with precise surgical bombing techniques
>> which were technically possible only recently.
> 
> I suspect that medical advances may have something to do with it too.

I agree.

> 
>> How about all the innocent people who died in blanket-bombing in WW2?
>> I don't hear you bemoaning them!
> 
> Perhaps because the topic hasn't cropped up.  If you want my opinion, I think
> that the blanket bombing of German cities at the end of World War Two was the
> most appalling act of wholesale slaughter this country has committed in
> centuries.  Bomber Harris was no hero of mine.

Perhaps so.  And maybe the atomic bomb was a mistake too.  But that's easy
to say from our "enlightened" viewpoint here in the 90's, right?  Back
then, it was *all-out* war, and Germany and Japan had to be squashed.
After all, a million or more British had already died, hundreds of 
thousands of French, a couple hundread thousand or so Americans, and 
millions of Russians, not to mention a few million Jews, Poles, and 
other people of slavic descent in German concentration camps.  All 
things considered, the fire-bombings and the atomic bomb were
essential (and therefore justified) in bringing the war to a quick
end to avoid even greater allied losses.

I, for one, don't regret it.

> 
>>                                 War is never an exact science, but
>> with smart bombs, it's becoming more exact with a smaller percentage
>> of civilian casualties.  Sometimes mistakes are made; targets are
>> misidentified; innocents die.  That's war the way it really is.
> 
> Entrenched political rulers operating in their own selfish interests without
> regard for the lives of other people, *that* is the way war really is.

Sure.  And it's the people who suffer because of them.  All the more
reason to depose these "entrenched political rulers operating in their
own selfish interests"!  Or do you mean that this applies to the allies
as well??

> 
> Why all the fuss about Kuwait and not East Timor, Bosnia, or even Tibet?  If
> Iraq is so bad, why were we still selling them stuff a couple of weeks before
> we started bombing?

I make no claim or effort to justify the misguided foreign policy of the
West before the war.  It is evident that the West, especially America,
misjudged Hussein drastically.  But once Hussein invaded Kuwait and 
threatened to militarily corner a significant portion of the world's
oil supply, he had to be stopped.  Sure the war could have been
prevented by judicious and concerted effort on the part of the West
before Hussein invaded Kuwait, but it is still *Hussein* who is
responsible for his decision to invade.  And once he did so, a
strong response from the West was required.

> 
>> Mathew, your sarcasm is noted but you are completely off-base here.
>> You come off sounding like a complete peace-nik idiot, although I
>> feel sure that was not your intent.
> 
> What's your intent?  To sound like a Loving Christian?  Well, you aren't
> doing a very good job of it.

Well, it's not very "loving" to allow a Hussein or a Hitler to gobble up
nearby countries and keep them.  Or to allow them to continue with mass
slaughter of certain peoples under their dominion.  So, I'd have to
say yes, stopping Hussein was the most "loving" thing to do for the
most people involved once he set his mind on military conquest.
> 
>> So the Iraqi war was wrong, eh?  I'm sure that appeasement would have
>> worked better than war, just like it did in WW2, eh?
> 
> Who even mentioned appeasement?  And what makes you think the situation is
> even remotely analogous to World War Two?

I mentioned it.

If we hadn't intervened, allowing Hussein to keep Kuwait, then it would
have been appeasement.  It is precisely the lessons the world learned
in WW2 that motivated the Western alliance to war.  Letting Hitler take
Austria and Czechoslavkia did not stop WW2 from happening, and letting
Hussein keep Kuwait would not have stopped an eventual Gulf War to
protect Saudi Arabia.

> 
>>                                                           I guess we
>> shouldn't have fought WW2 either -- just think of all those innocent
>> German civilians killed in Dresden and Hamburg.
> 
> Yes, do.  Germans are human too, you know.
> 

Sure.  What was truly unfortunate was that they followed Hitler in
his grandiose quest for a "Thousand Year Reich".  The consequences
stemmed from that.

>> Tyrants like Hussein *have* to be stopped.  His kind don't understand
>> diplomacy; they only understand the point of a gun.  My only regret is
>> that Bush wimped out and didn't have the military roll into Baghdad, so
>> now Hussein is still in power and the Iraqi people's sacrifice (not to
>> mention the 357 Americans who died) was for naught.
> 
> I look forward to hearing your incisive comments about East Timor and Tibet.
> 
What should I say about them?  Anything in particular?


>> And as for poor, poor Rodney King!  Did you ever stop and think *why*
>> the jury in the first trial brought back a verdict of "not guilty"?
> 
> Yes.  Amongst the things I thought were "Hmm, there's an awful lot of white
> people in that jury."

So?  It was the *policemen* on trial not Rodney King!!  And under American
law they deserved a jury of *their* peers!  If there had been black
officers involved, I'm sure their would have been black jurors too.
This point (of allegedly racial motivations) is really shallow.

> 
>> Those who have been foaming at the mouth for the blood of those
>> policemen certainly have looked no further than the video tape.
>> But the jury looked at *all* the evidence, evidence which you and I
>> have not seen.
> 
> When I see a bunch of policemen beating someone who's lying defenceless on
> the ground, it's rather hard to imagine what this other evidence might have
> been.

So?  It's "hard to imagine"?  So when has Argument from Incredulity
gained acceptance from the revered author of "Constructing a Logical
Argument"?  Can we expect another revision soon??  :)  (Just kidding.)

> 
> If there is some wonderful evidence, why is it seemingly being kept secret? 
> Why not tell everyone what it is?  Then everyone could say "Oh, yes, you're
> right, King deserved a good beating", and we could all live happily ever
> after.

I have to admit that I wonder this too.  But *neither* the prosecution
nor the defense is talking.  So one cannot conclude either way due to
the silence of the principals.  

> 
>> Law in this country is intended to protect the rights of the accused,
>> whether they be criminals or cops.  One is not found guilty if there is
>> a reasonable doubt of one's guilt, and only the jury is in a position
>> to assess the evidence and render a verdict.
> 
> Fine, but I'm still finding it hard to imagine what the "reasonable doubt"
> was in this case.  I mean, the cops certainly seem to be beating someone
> who's lying defenceless on the ground.  What's your explanation?  Mass
> hallucination?  Orbital mind-control lasers?  Faked video footage?  Do tell.
> 

OK.  It certainly seemed to me that there was excessive force involved.
And frankly, the original "not guilty" verdict baffled me too.  But then
I learned that the prosecution in the first case did not try to convict
on a charge of excessive force or simple assault which they probably
would have won, they tried to get a conviction on a charge of aggravated
assault with intent to inflict serious bodily harm.  A charge, which
news commentators said, was akin to attempted murder under California
law.  Based on what the prosecution was asking for, it's evident that 
the first jury decided that the officers were "not guilty".  Note, 
not "not guilty" of doing wrong, but "not guilty" of aggravated assault 
with the *intent* of inflicting serious bodily harm.  The seeds of the 
prosecutions defeat were in their own overconfidence in obtaining a 
verdict such that they went for the most extreme charge they could.

If the facts as the news commentators presented them are true, then
I feel the "not guilty" verdict was a reasonable one.

> 
> mathew
> [ "Thou shalt not kill... unless thou hast a pretty good reason for killing,
>    in which case thou shalt kill, and also kill anyone who gets in the way,
>    as unfortunately it cannot be helped."
>                                    -- Jim Brown Bible for Loving Christians ]

Thanks mathew, I like the quote.  Pretty funny actually.  (I'm a 
Monty Python fan, you know.  Kind of seems in that vein.)

Of course, oversimplifying any moral argument can make it seem
contradictory.  But then, you know that already.  

Regards,

Jim B.
Loving Christian  :)


From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Theism and Fanatism (was: Islamic Genocide)

In article <16BB6B7CA.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
|In article <1qv7q5$fn4@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
|frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
| 
|>#>#Theism is strongly correlated with irrational belief in absolutes. Irrational
|>#>#belief in absolutes is strongly correlated with fanatism.
|>
|>#>Correlation is not causation.   And a belief that absolutes exist is not
|>#>the same thing as a belief in absolutes, any more than belief in a shortest
|>#>route from Thurles to Clonmel is the same thing as a knowledge of the
|>#>Irish roadsystem.
|>
|>#Correlation is not necessarily causation. However, as you might have noticed,
|>#the above allows to conclude that the correlation between religion and fanatism
|>#is based on common features of religious belief.
| 
|(Sorry for the long quotes, but I dont see where to cut)
| 
| 
|>Huh?   Are you barking mad?
|>
| 
|Hardly.
| 
| 
|>(1) Theism is not as strongly correlated with fanaticism as you say.  PLUS
|>    you could find stronger correlations if you were actually interested
|>    in the truth instead of being as you seeming are, a bigot.
|>
| 
|Theism is correlated with fanaticism. I have neither said that all fanatism
|is caused by theism nor that all theism leads to fanatism. The point is,
|theism increases the chance of becoming a fanatic. One could of course
|argue that would be fanatics tend towards theism (for example), but I just
|have to loook at the times in history when theism was the dominant ideology
|to invalidate that conclusion that that is the basic mechanism behind it.

IMO, the influence of Stalin, or for that matter, Ayn Rand, invalidates your 
assumption that theism is the factor to be considered.  Gullibility, 
blind obedience to authority, lack of scepticism, and so on, are all more 
reliable indicators.  And the really dangerous people - the sources of
fanaticism - are often none of these things.  They are cynical manipulators
of the gullible, who know precisely what they are doing.  Now, *some*
brands of theism, and more precisely *some* theists, do tend to fanaticism,
I grant you.  To tar all theists with this brush is bigotry, not a reasoned
argument - and it reads to me like a warm-up for censorship and restriction
of religious freedom.  Ever read Animal Farm?

|>(2)  Define "irrational belief".  e.g., is it rational to believe that
|>     reason is always useful?
|>
| 
|Irrational belief is belief that is not based upon reason. The latter has
|been discussed for a long time with Charley Wingate. One point is that
|the beliefs violate reason often, and another that a process that does
|not lend itself to rational analysis does not contain reliable information.

Well, there is a glaring paradox here:  an argument that reason is useful
based on reason would be circular, and argument not based on reason would
be irrational.  Which is it?

The first part of the second statement contains no information, because
you don't say what "the beliefs" are.  If "the beliefs" are strong theism 
and/or strong atheism, then your statement is not in general true.  The
second part of your sentence is patently false - counterexample: an
axiomatic datum does not lend itself to rational analysis, but is
assumed to contain reliable information regardless of what process is
used to obtain it.

|Compared the evidence theists have for their claims to the strength of
|their demands makes the whole thing not only irrational but antirational.

I can't agree with this until you are specific - *which* theism?  To
say that all theism is necessarily antirational requires a proof which
I suspect you do not have.

|The affinity to fanatism is easily seen. It has to be true because I believe
|it is nothing more than a work hypothesis. However, the beliefs say they are
|more than a work hypothesis.

I don't understand this.  Can you formalise your argument?
-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

From: deguzman@after.math.uiuc.edu (A A DeGuzman)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz) writes:

>In article <C5LH4p.27K@portal.hq.videocart.com>, dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
>> JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu () writes:
>> : YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
>> : PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>> 
>>   What do you mean "be prepared" ?? Surrounded by thumpers like yourself
>> has proven to be hellish enough . . . and I'm not even dead yet !!

>Well here's how I prepared.  I got one of those big beach
>umbrellas, some of those gel-pack ice things, a big Coleman cooler
>which I've loaded up with Miller Draft (so I like Miller Draft,
>so sue me), a new pair of New Balance sneakers, a Sony
>Watchman, and a couple of cartons of BonTon Cheddar Cheese
>Popcorn.

[stuff deleted]

Actually, you get a ton of weapons and ammunition, 70-80 followers, and hole
up in some kind of compound, and wait for . . . . :-)
--
Alan A. DeGuzman               Calvin: "I'm so smart it's almost scary. I guess
Calculus&Mathematica                    I'm a child progeny."
DISCLAIMER: "The University
can't afford my opinions."     Hobbes: "Most children are . . . "

From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <C5LH4p.27K@portal.hq.videocart.com>, dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
> JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu () writes:
> : YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
> : PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
> 
>   What do you mean "be prepared" ?? Surrounded by thumpers like yourself
> has proven to be hellish enough . . . and I'm not even dead yet !!

Well here's how I prepared.  I got one of those big beach
umbrellas, some of those gel-pack ice things, a big Coleman cooler
which I've loaded up with Miller Draft (so I like Miller Draft,
so sue me), a new pair of New Balance sneakers, a Sony
Watchman, and a couple of cartons of BonTon Cheddar Cheese
Popcorn.

I haven't decided what to wear yet.  What does one wear to an
eternal damnation?

Dean Kaflowitz


From: Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5pxqs.LM5@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill
Conner) says:
>
>dean.kaflowitz (decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com) wrote:
>
>: Now, what I am interested in is the original notion you were discussing
>: on moral free agency.  That is, how can a god punish a person for
>: not believing in him when that person is only following his or her
>: nature and it is not possible for that person to deny what his or
>: her reason tells him or her, which is that there is no god?
>
>I think you're letting atheist mythology confuse you on the issue of

(WEBSTER:  myth:  "a traditional or legendary story...
           ...a belief...whose truth is accepted uncritically.")

How does that qualify?
Indeed, it's almost oxymoronic...a rather amusing instance.
I've found that most atheists hold almost no atheist-views as
"accepted uncritically," especially the few that are legend.
Many are trying to explain basic truths, as myths do, but
they don't meet the other criterions.
Also...

>Divine justice. According to the most fundamental doctrines of
>Christianity, When the first man sinned, he was at that time the

You accuse him of referencing mythology, then you procede to
launch your own xtian mythology.  (This time meeting all the
requirements of myth.)

>salvation. The idea of punishment is based on the proposition that
>everyone knows (instinctively?) that God exists, is their creator and

Ah, but not everyone "knows" that god exists.  So you have
a fallacy.

>There's nothing terribly difficult in all this and is well known to
>any reasonably Biblically literate Christian. The only controversy is

And that makes it true?  Holding with the Bible rules out controversy?
Read the FAQ.  If you've read it, you missed something, so re-read.
(Not a bad suggestion for anyone...I re-read it just before this.)

>with those who pretend not to know what is being said and what it
>means. When atheists claim that they do -not- know if God exists and
>don't know what He wants, they contradict the Bible which clearly says
>that -everyone- knows. The authority of the Bible is its claim to be

...should I repeat what I wrote above for the sake of getting
it across?  You may trust the Bible, but your trusting it doesn't
make it any more credible to me.

If the Bible says that everyone knows, that's clearly reason
to doubt the Bible, because not everyone "knows" your alleged
god's alleged existance.

>refuted while the species-wide condemnation is justified. Those that
>claim that there is no evidence for the existence of God or that His will is
>unknown, must deliberately ignore the Bible; the ignorance itself is
>no excuse.

1) No, they don't have to ignore the Bible.  The Bible is far
from universally accepted.  The Bible is NOT a proof of god;
it is only a proof that some people have thought that there
was a god.  (Or does it prove even that?  They might have been
writing it as series of fiction short-stories.  As in the
case of Dionetics.)  Assuming the writers believed it, the
only thing it could possibly prove is that they believed it.
And that's ignoring the problem of whether or not all the
interpretations and Biblical-philosophers were correct.

2) There are people who have truly never heard of the Bible.

3) Again, read the FAQ.

>freedom. You are free to ignore God in the same way you are free to
>ignore gravity and the consequences are inevitable and well known
>in both cases. That an atheist can't accept the evidence means only

Bzzt...wrong answer!
Gravity is directly THERE.  It doesn't stop exerting a direct and
rationally undeniable influence if you ignore it.  God, on the
other hand, doesn't generally show up in the supermarket, except
on the tabloids.  God doesn't exert a rationally undeniable influence.
Gravity is obvious; gods aren't.

>Secondly, human reason is very comforatble with the concept of God, so
>much so that it is, in itself, intrinsic to our nature. Human reason
>always comes back to the question of God, in every generation and in

No, human reason hasn't always come back to the existance of
"God"; it has usually come back to the existance of "god".
In other words, it doesn't generally come back to the xtian
god, it comes back to whether there is any god.  And, in much
of oriental philosophic history, it generally doesn't pop up as
the idea of a god so much as the question of what natural forces
are and which ones are out there.  From a world-wide view,
human nature just makes us wonder how the universe came to
be and/or what force(s) are currently in control.  A natural
tendancy to believe in "God" only exists in religious wishful
thinking.

>I said all this to make the point that Christianity is eminently
>reasonable, that Divine justice is just and human nature is much
>different than what atheists think it is. Whether you agree or not

Xtianity is no more reasonable than most other religions, and
it's reasonableness certainly doesn't merit eminence.
Divine justice...well, it only seems just to those who already
believe in the divinity.
First, not all atheists believe the same things about human
nature. Second, whether most atheists are correct or not,
YOU certainly are not correct on human nature.  You are, at
the least, basing your views on a completely eurocentric
approach.  Try looking at the outside world as well when
you attempt to sum up all of humanity.

Andrew

From: jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan)
Subject: Re: What's a shit shoveler to do? (was Re: Amusing atheists and)

In article <timmbake.735278230@mcl> timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
>
>James Hogan writes:
>
>[fine sentiments]
>
>From his very first post Jim assumed an attack of ad hominem, sarcastic
>innuendo, i.e., shit to be shoveled.  He conveniently forgets this, of course,
>and then _whines_ about his boredom.

Ad hominem, sarcastic innuendo?  Absolutely.  Forgotten?  Hardly.
Bored?  Not really.   I try not to confuse "life on a.a." with life.

I just can't overcome the urge to tease/taunt folks who bound FAQ-less
onto a.a. with such a chip on their shoulder.  To listen to you,
one might think we belonged to some church!

I appreciate the patience of others who questioned your posting
on a line-by-line content basis, though it's hard to know what
impact that might have had, as compared to, say, "shovelling".

>
>Fact: If he were truly interested in ending the thread he wouldn't have posted
>his last shit to be shoveled.

I think I only lamented that, whatever the initial satisfactions,
past a certain point circular abuse-heaping was just that.

>--
>Bake Timmons, III
>
>-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
>than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

Sincere questions:  Why are you here?  What are you looking for?

Jim


From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

In article <1qibo2$f4o@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
 
>
>#>In the absence of some convincing evidence that theist fanatics are more
>#>dangerous than atheist fanatics, I'll continue to be wary of fanatics of
>#>any stripe.
>#
>#I think that the agnostic fanatics are the most dangerous of the lot.
>
>Fair point, actually.  I mentioned theists and atheists, but left out
>agnostics.  Mea culpa.
>
 
No wonder in the light of that you are a probably a theist who tries
to pass as an agnostic. I still remember your post about your daughter
singing Chrismas Carols and your feelings of it well.
 
By the way, would you show marginal honesty and answer the many questions
you left open when you ceased to respond last time?
   Benedikt

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

In article <1qi83b$ec4@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>#>Few people can imagine dying for capitalism, a few
>#>more can imagine dying for democracy, but a lot more will die for their
>#>Lord and Savior Jesus Christ who Died on the Cross for their Sins.
>#>Motivation, pure and simple.
>
>Got any cites for this nonsense?   How many people will die for Mom?
>Patriotism? Freedom?   Money?  Their Kids?  Fast cars and swimming pools?
>A night with Kim Basinger or Mel Gibson?  And which of these things are evil?
>
 
Read a history book, Fred. And tell me why so many religions command to
commit genocide when it has got nothing to do with religion. Or why so many
religions say that not living up to the standards of the religion is worse
than dieing? Coincidence, I assume. Or ist part of the absolute morality
you describe so often?
 
Theism is strongly correlated with irrational belief in absolutes. Irrational
belief in absolutes is strongly correlated with fanatism.
   Benedikt

From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

In article <1ql0d3$5vo@dr-pepper.East.Sun.COM> geoff@East.Sun.COM (Geoff Arnold @ Sun BOS - R.H. coast near the top) writes:

>Your posting provoked me into checking my save file for memorable
>posts. The first I captured was by Ken Arromdee on 19 Feb 1990, on the
>subject "Re: atheist too?". That was article #473 here; your question
>was article #53766, which is an average of about 48 articles a day for
>the last three years. As others have noted, the current posting rate is
>such that my kill file is depressing large...... Among the posting I
>saved in the early days were articles from the following notables:

	Hey, it might to interesting to read some of these posts...
Especially from ones who still regularly posts on alt.atheism!


>>From: loren@sunlight.llnl.gov (Loren Petrich)
>>From: jchrist@nazareth.israel.rel (Jesus Christ of Nazareth)
>>From: mrc@Tomobiki-Cho.CAC.Washington.EDU (Mark Crispin)
>>From: perry@apollo.HP.COM (Jim Perry)
>>From: lippard@uavax0.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)
>>From: minsky@media.mit.edu (Marvin Minsky)
>
>An interesting bunch.... I wonder where #2 is?

	Hee hee hee.

	*I* ain't going to say....

--- 

        " Whatever promises that have been made can than be broken. "

        John Laws, a man without the honor to keep his given word.



From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql8mdINN674@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:

>>>This whole thread started because of a discussion about whether
>>>or not the death penalty constituted cruel punishment, which is forbidden
>>>by the US Constitution.
>>Yes, but they didn't say what they meant by "cruel", which is why
>>a) you have the Supreme Court, and b) it makes no sense to refer
>>to the Constitution, which is quite silent on the meaning of the
>>word "cruel".
>
>They spent quite a bit of time on the wording of the Constitution.  They
>picked words whose meanings implied the intent.  We have already looked
>in the dictionary to define the word.  Isn't this sufficient?

	We only need to ask the question: what did the founding fathers 
consider cruel and unusual punishment?

	Hanging? Hanging there slowing being strangled would be very 
painful, both physically and psychologicall, I imagine.

	Firing squad ? [ note: not a clean way to die back in those 
days ], etc. 

	All would be considered cruel under your definition.
	All were allowed under the constitution by the founding fathers.

--- 

        " Whatever promises that have been made can than be broken. "

        John Laws, a man without the honor to keep his given word.



From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1ql0ajINN2kj@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:

>Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
>as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.

	Why "must"?

--- 

        " Whatever promises that have been made can than be broken. "

        John Laws, a man without the honor to keep his given word.



From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <bissda.4.734849678@saturn.wwc.edu>
bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:
 
>        The arguements he uses I am summing up.  The book is about whether
>Jesus was God or not.  I know many of you don't believe, but listen to a
>different perspective for we all have something to gain by listening to what
>others have to say.
 
Read the FAQ first, watch the list fr some weeks, and come back then.
 
And read some other books on the matter in order to broaden your view first.
   Benedikt

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Who Says the Apostles Were Tortured?

In article <1qiu97INNpq6@srvr1.engin.umich.edu>
ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles) writes:
 
>
> As evidence for the Resurrection, it is often claimed that the Disciples
>were tortured to death for their beliefs and still did not renounce
>their claim that Jesus had come back from the dead.
> Now, I skimmed Acts and such, and I found a reference to this happening
>to Stephen, but no others. Where does this apparently very widely held
>belief come from? Is there any evidence outside the Bible? Is there any
>evidence *in* the Bible? I sure haven't found any...
>
 
Early authors and legends. The most important sources can be found in the
Martyriologia of the Catholic Church. Makes the Grimms look like exact
science.
   Benedikt

From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1qlfd4INN935@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>
>>>Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
>>>as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.
>>So, why "must" they have such laws?
>
>The quotation marks should enclose "laws," not "must."
>
>If there were no such rules, even instinctive ones or unwritten ones,
>etc., then surely some sort of random chance would lead a chimp society
>into chaos.
	

	The "System" refered to a "moral system". You havn't shown any 
reason that chimps "must" have a moral system. 
	Except if you would like to redefine everything.


--- 

        " Whatever promises that have been made can than be broken. "

        John Laws, a man without the honor to keep his given word.



From: jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only)
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

In article <1ql0d3$5vo@dr-pepper.East.Sun.COM> geoff@East.Sun.COM writes:
>Your posting provoked me into checking my save file for memorable
>posts. The first I captured was by Ken Arromdee on 19 Feb 1990, on the
>subject "Re: atheist too?". That was article #473 here; your question
>was article #53766, which is an average of about 48 articles a day for
>the last three years. As others have noted, the current posting rate is
>such that my kill file is depressing large...... Among the posting I
>saved in the early days were articles from the following notables:
>
>>From: loren@sunlight.llnl.gov (Loren Petrich)
>>From: jchrist@nazareth.israel.rel (Jesus Christ of Nazareth)
>>From: mrc@Tomobiki-Cho.CAC.Washington.EDU (Mark Crispin)
>>From: perry@apollo.HP.COM (Jim Perry)
>>From: lippard@uavax0.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)
>>From: minsky@media.mit.edu (Marvin Minsky)
>
>An interesting bunch.... I wonder where #2 is?

Didn't you hear?  His address has changed.  He can be reached at the 
following address:

dkoresh@branch.davidian.compound.waco.tx.us

I think he was last seen posting to alt.messianic.

Jim
--
If God is dead and the actor plays his part                    | -- Sting,
His words of fear will find their way to a place in your heart | History
Without the voice of reason every faith is its own curse       | Will Teach Us
Without freedom from the past things can only get worse        | Nothing

From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In <1qvh8tINNsg6@citation.ksu.ksu.edu> yohan@citation.ksu.ksu.edu (Jonathan W 
Newton) writes:


>In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
Cobb) writes:
>>Merely a question for the basis of morality
>>
>>Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.

>I disagree with these.  What society thinks should be irrelevant.  What the
>individual decides is all that is important.

This doesn't seem right.  If I want to kill you, I can because that is what I
decide?
>>
>>1)Who is society

>I think this is fairly obvious

Not really.  If whatever a particular society mandates as ok is ok, there are
always some in the "society" who disagree with the mandates, so which 
societal mandates make the standard for morality?
 >>
>>2)How do "they" define what is acceptable?

>Generally by what they "feel" is right, which is the most idiotic policy I can
>think of.

So what should be the basis? Unfortunately I have to admit to being tied at 
least loosely to the "feeling", in that I think we intuitively know some things
to be wrong.  Awfully hard to defend, though.
>>
>>3)How do we keep from a "whatever is legal is what is "moral" "position?

>By thinking for ourselves.

I might agree here.  Just because certain actions are legal does not make them
"moral".
>>
>>MAC
>>--
>>****************************************************************
>>                                                    Michael A. Cobb
>> "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
>>    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
>>          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
>>                                              
>>With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar 
deficits.

--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton

From: cjhs@minster.york.ac.uk
Subject: Re: free moral agency

: Are you saying that their was a physical Adam and Eve, and that all
: humans are direct decendents of only these two human beings.?  Then who
: were Cain and Able's wives?  Couldn't be their sisters, because A&E
: didn't have daughters.  Were they non-humans?

Genesis 5:4

and the days of Adam after he begat Seth were eight hundred years, and
he begat sons and daughters:

Felicitations -- Chris Ho-Stuart

From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

I guess I'm delving into a religious language area.  What exactly is morality 
or morals?  I never thought of eating meat to be moral or immoral, but I think
it could be.  How do we differentiate between not doing something because it is
a personal choice or preference and not doing something because we see it as 
immoral?  Do we fall to what the basis of these morals are?

Also, consensus positions fall to a might makes right.  Or, as you brought out,
if whatever is right is what is societally mandated then whoever is in control
at the time makes what is right

MC
MAC
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton

From: arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>|>  Yet I am still not a believer.  Is god not concerned with my
>|>  disposition?  Why is it beneath him to provide me with the
>|>  evidence I would require to believe?  The evidence that my
>|>  personality, given to me by this god, would find compelling?
>The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
>But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
>you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
>love you.

Oh no, not again.

There is a difference between believing that God exists, and loving him.
(For instance, Satan certainly believes God exists, but does not love him.)
What unbelievers request in situations like this is that God provide evidence
compelling enough to believe he exists, not to compel them to love him.
--
"On the first day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Leftover Turkey!
On the second day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Turkey Casserole
    that she made from Leftover Turkey.
[days 3-4 deleted] ...  Flaming Turkey Wings! ...
   -- Pizza Hut commercial (and M*tlu/A*gic bait)

Ken Arromdee (arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu)

From: arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee)
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

In article <1993Apr20.102306.882@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>Hawaii?  We liberated it from 
>Spain.

Well, you were going well until you hit this one.

Hawaii was an independent country.  A coup by Americans led to a request to
annex it.  The US refused, but eventually did annex it several years later
during the Spanish-American War.
--
"On the first day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Leftover Turkey!
On the second day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Turkey Casserole
    that she made from Leftover Turkey.
[days 3-4 deleted] ...  Flaming Turkey Wings! ...
   -- Pizza Hut commercial (and M*tlu/A*gic bait)

Ken Arromdee (arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu)

From: mayne@pipe.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>
>The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
>But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
>you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
>love you.

Same old bullshit. Not being given to delusions and wishful thinking
I do not have the option of either loving or obeying that which I have
so reason to believe.

>    The responsibility is on you to love God and take a step toward
>Him.  He promises to be there for you, but you have to look for yourself.
>Those who doubt this or dispute it have not givin it a sincere effort.

More bullshit. I assure you in my misguided youth I made a sincere effort.
It was very painful being a rational person raised in Christian home.
Many others could tell the same story. You choose not to believe anyone's
experience which contradicts your smug theories.

Bill Mayne

From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: Societal basis for morality

In <1993Apr20.004119.6119@cnsvax.uwec.edu> nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye) 
writes:

>[reply to cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)]
> 
>>If morals come from what is societally accepted, why follow that? What
>>right do we have to expect others to follow our notion of societally
>>mandated morality?  Pardon the extremism, but couldn't I murder your
>>"brother" and say that I was exercising my rights as I saw them, was
>>doing what felt good, didn't want anyone forcing their morality on me,
>>or I don't follow your "morality" ?
> 
>I believe that morality is subjective.  Each person is entitled to his
>own moral attitudes.  Mine are not a priori more correct than someone
>elses.  This does not mean however that I must judge another on the
>basis of his rather than my moral standards.  While he is entitled to
>believe what his own moral sense tells him, the rest of society is
>entitled to pass laws spelling out punishments for behavior that is
>offensive to the majority.

Why? How? Might makes right? How can they force their morality on me? Why 
can't I do what I want? Who are they to decide? What if I disagree? 
> 
>Most criminals do not see their behavior as moral.  The may realize that
>it is immoral and not care.  They are thus not following their own moral
>system but being immoral.

Good point, but it is being immoral in our opinion.  We don't let them choose,
we make the decision that their actions are wrong for them.

  For someone to lay claim to an alternative
>moral system, he must be sincere in his belief in it and it must be
>internally consistent.  Some sociopaths lack an innate moral sense

I admit to lean toward the idea of an innate moral sense, but have little basis
for it as of yet.  How far can such a concept be extended?

 and
>thus may be incapable of behaving morally.  While someone like Hitler
>may have believed that his actions were moral, we may judge him immoral
>by our standards.

Do you mean that we could say it would be wrong for us to do such a thing but 
not him.  After all, he was behaving morally in his own eyes and doing what he
chose.  On what basis do we condemn other societies besides, here's the buzz 
words, on the idea that there are some actions wrong for all humans in all 
societies?

  Holding that morality is subjective does not mean
>that we must excuse the murderer.

Why not? Do we have to be objective suddenly?
> 
>David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
>This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
>must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

MAC
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton

From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Nicknames

In article <16BB6B6FE.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:

SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (SCOTT D. SAUYET) writes:

>Okay, how about
>                  Scott "Can anybody hear me?" Sauyet
>                       ssauyet@eagel.wesleyan.edu


	Could you speak up? I can't hear you....



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
		
		"My sole intention was learning to fly."

From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5pxqs.LM5@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
> dean.kaflowitz (decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com) wrote:
> 
> : Now, what I am interested in is the original notion you were discussing
> : on moral free agency.  That is, how can a god punish a person for
> : not believing in him when that person is only following his or her
> : nature and it is not possible for that person to deny what his or
> : her reason tells him or her, which is that there is no god?
> 
> Dean,
> 
> I think you're letting atheist mythology

Great start.  I realize immediately that you are not interested
in discussion and are going to thump your babble at me.  I would
much prefer an answer from Ms Healy, who seems to have a
reasonable and reasoned approach to things.  Say, aren't you the
creationist guy who made a lot of silly statements about
evolution some time ago?

> confuse you on the issue of
> Divine justice. According to the most fundamental doctrines of
> Christianity, When the first man sinned, he was at that time the
> entire human race and any "punishment" meted out would necessarily
> affect the entire race of which he was the sole representive.All
> humans coming after him would, being of the same race (species), share
> in that judgement. It has nothing to do with who deserves what.
> From the perspective of God, humanity is but one category of created
> things and that category is condemned. 

Duh, gee, then we must be talking Christian mythology now.  I
was hoping to discuss something with a reasonable, logical
person, but all you seem to have for your side is a repetition
of the same boring mythology I've seen a thousand times before.
I am deleting the rest of your remarks, unless I spot something
that approaches an answer, because they are merely a repetition
of some uninteresting doctrine or other and contain no thought
at all.

[..]

I have to congratulate you, though, Bill.  You wouldn't
know a logical argument if it bit you on the balls.  Such
a persistent lack of function in the face of repeated
attempts to assist you in learning (which I have seen
in this forum and others in the past) speaks of a talent
that goes well beyond my own, meager abilities.  I just don't
seem to have that capacity for ignoring outside influences.

Dean Kaflowitz



From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

In article <930420.105805.0x8.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>>In article <930419.115707.6f2.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew
>><mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>>> Which "liberal news media" are we talking about?
>> 
>> Western news in general, but in particular the American "mass media":
>> CBS, NBC, ABC, etc.  The general tone of the news during the whole
>> war was one of "those poor, poor Iraqis" along with "look how precisely
>> this cruise missile blew this building to bits".
> 
> Most odd.  Over here there was very little about the suffering of the Iraqi
> civilians until towards the end of the war; and then it was confined to the
> few remaining quality newspapers.

True.  At first, the news media seemed entranced by all the new gizmos
the military was using, not to mention the taped video transmissions from
the missiles as they zeroed in on their targets.  But later, and especially
after the bunker full of civilians was hit, they changed their tone.  It
seemed to me that they didn't have the stomach for the reality of war,
that innocent people really do die and are maimed in warfare.  It's like
they were only pro-Gulf-War as long as it was "nice and clean" (smart
missiles dropping in on military HQs), but not when pictures of dead,
dying, and maimed civilians started cropping up.  What naive hypocrites!

> 
>>>> How about all the innocent people who died in blanket-bombing in WW2?
>>>> I don't hear you bemoaning them!

[ discussion about blanket-bombing and A-bombs deleted.]
>>> 
>> All things considered, the fire-bombings and the atomic bomb were
>> essential (and therefore justified) in bringing the war to a quick
                            ^^^^^^^^^
>> end to avoid even greater allied losses.

I should have said here "militarily justified".  It seems from your
comments below that you understood this as meaning "morally justified".
I apologize.

> 
> What about the evidence that America knew Japan was about to surrender after
> Hiroshima but *before* Nagasaki?  Is that another lie peddled by the liberal
> media conspiracy?

I have often wondered about this.  I've always thought that the first bomb
should have been dropped on Japan's island fortress of Truk.  A good,
inpenatrable military target.  The second bomb could've been held back
for use on an industrial center if need be.  But I digress.

Yes, I have heard that we found evidence (after the war, BTW) that Japan
was seriously considering surrender after the first bomb.  Unfortunately,
the military junta won out over the moderates and rejected the US's
ulimatum.  Therefore the second bomb was dropped.  Most unfortunate, IMO.

> 
>> I, for one, don't regret it.
> 
> Nuke a Jap for Jesus!
> 

I don't regret the fact that sometimes military decisions have to be made
which affect the lives of innocent people.  But I do regret the 
circumstances which make those decisions necessary, and I regret the
suffering caused by those decisions.  

[...]

>>> Why all the fuss about Kuwait and not East Timor, Bosnia, or even Tibet?
>>> If Iraq is so bad, why were we still selling them stuff a couple of weeks
>>> before we started bombing?
>> 
>> I make no claim or effort to justify the misguided foreign policy of the
>> West before the war.  It is evident that the West, especially America,
>> misjudged Hussein drastically.  But once Hussein invaded Kuwait and 
>> threatened to militarily corner a significant portion of the world's
>> oil supply, he had to be stopped.
> 
> Oh, I see.  So we can overlook his using chemical weapons on thousands of
> people, but if he threatens your right to drive a huge gas-guzzling car,
> well, the man's gotta go.

Actually, it was the fact that both situations existed that prompted US
and allied action.  If some back-water country took over some other
back-water country, we probably wouldn't intervene.  Not that we don't
care, but we can't be the world's policman.  Or if a coup had occured
in Kuwait (instead of an invasion), then we still wouldn't have acted
because there would not have been the imminent danger perceived to
Saudi Arabia.  But the combination of the two, an unprovoked invasion
by a genocidal tyrant AND the potential danger to the West's oil 
interests, caused us to take action.

> 
> [ I've moved a paragraph from here to later on ]
> 

[...]
>> 
>> If we hadn't intervened, allowing Hussein to keep Kuwait, then it would
>> have been appeasement.
> 
> Right.  But did you ever hear anyone advocate such a course of action?  Or
> are you just setting up a strawman?
> 

I'm not setting up a strawman at all.  If you want to argue against the
war, then the only logical alternative was to allow Hussein to keep
Kuwait.  Diplomatic alternatives, including sanctions, were ineffective.

>>>>                                                           I guess we
>>>> shouldn't have fought WW2 either -- just think of all those innocent
>>>> German civilians killed in Dresden and Hamburg.
>>> 
>>> Yes, do.  Germans are human too, you know.
>> 
>> Sure.  What was truly unfortunate was that they followed Hitler in
>> his grandiose quest for a "Thousand Year Reich".  The consequences
>> stemmed from that.
> 
> Translation: "They were asking for it".
> 
Well, in a sense, yes.  They probably had no idea of what end Hitler
would lead their nation to.

> But what about those who didn't support Hitler's dreams of conquest?  It's
> not as if they democratically voted for all his policies.  The NSDAP got 43%
> in the elections of 1933, and that was the last chance the German people got
> to vote on the matter.

They suffered along with the rest.  Why does this bother you so much?
The world is full of evil, and circumstances are not perfect.  Many
innocents suffer due to the wrongful actions of others.  It it regretable,
but that's The-Way-It-Is.  There are no perfect solutions.

[...]
>>> 
>>> I look forward to hearing your incisive comments about East Timor and
>>> Tibet.
>>
>> What should I say about them?  Anything in particular?
> 
> The people of East Timor are still being killed by a dictatorship that
> invaded their country.  Hell, even Western journalists have been killed.  All
> this was happening before the Gulf War.  Why didn't we send in the bombers to
> East Timor?  Why aren't we sending in the bombers NOW?

Probably because we're not the saviors of the world.  We can't police each
and every country that decides to self-destruct or invade another.  Nor
are we in a strategic position to get relief to Tibet, East Timor, or
some other places.
> 
> [ Here's that paragraph I moved ]
> 
>>> What's your intent?  To sound like a Loving Christian?  Well, you aren't
>>> doing a very good job of it.
>> 
>> Well, it's not very "loving" to allow a Hussein or a Hitler to gobble up
>> nearby countries and keep them.  Or to allow them to continue with mass
>> slaughter of certain peoples under their dominion.  So, I'd have to
>> say yes, stopping Hussein was the most "loving" thing to do for the
>> most people involved once he set his mind on military conquest.
> 
> The Chinese government has a policy of mandatory abortion and sterilization
> of Tibetans.  Tibetan people are rounded up, tortured, and executed.  Amnesty
> International recently reported that torture is still widespread in China.
> 
> Why aren't we stopping them?  In fact, why are we actively sucking up to them
> by trading freely with them?

Tell me how we could stop them and I'll support it.  I, for one, do not
agree with the present US policy of "sucking up to them" as you put it.
I agree that it is deplorable.

> 
>>>> And as for poor, poor Rodney King!  Did you ever stop and think *why*
>>>> the jury in the first trial brought back a verdict of "not guilty"?
>>> 
>>> Yes.  Amongst the things I thought were "Hmm, there's an awful lot of white
>>> people in that jury."
>> 
>> So?  It was the *policemen* on trial not Rodney King!!
> 
> Erm, surely it's irrelevant who's on trial?  Juries are supposed to represent
> a cross-section of the population.

Are they?  Or are they supposed to reflect the population of the locale
where the trial is held?  (Normally this is where the crime is committed
unless one party or the other can convince the judge a change of venue
is in order.)  I'm not an expert on California law, or even US law, but
it seems that this is the way the system is set up.  You can criticize
the system, but let's not have unfounded allegations of racial 
prejudice thrown around.

> 
>> And under American law they deserved a jury of *their* peers!
> 
> You are saying that black people are not the peers of white people?

No, not at all.  The point is that the fact that there were no blacks
on the first jury and that Rodney King is black is totally irrelevant.

> 
>> This point (of allegedly racial motivations) is really shallow.
> 
> This idea of people only being tried before a jury of people just like them
> is really stupid.  Should the Nuremburg trials have had a jury entirely made
> up of Nazis?

Germans, perhaps.  "Peers" doesn't mean "those who do the same thing",
like having murderers judge murderers.  It means "having people from
the same station in life", presumably because they are in a better
position to understand the defendent's motivation(s).

> 
>>>> Those who have been foaming at the mouth for the blood of those
>>>> policemen certainly have looked no further than the video tape.
>>>> But the jury looked at *all* the evidence, evidence which you and I
>>>> have not seen.
>>> 
>>> When I see a bunch of policemen beating someone who's lying defenceless on
>>> the ground, it's rather hard to imagine what this other evidence might have
>>> been.
>> 
>> So?  It's "hard to imagine"?  So when has Argument from Incredulity
>> gained acceptance from the revered author of "Constructing a Logical
>> Argument"?
> 
> We're not talking about a logical argument.  We're talking about a court of
> law.  As the FAQ points out, some fallacious arguments are not viewed as
> fallacies in a court of law.

OK, granted.  However, you are using this reasoning as part of *your*
logical argument in this discussion.  This is not a court of law.

> 
>> If the facts as the news commentators presented them are true, then
>> I feel the "not guilty" verdict was a reasonable one.
> 
> Were you not talking earlier about the bias of the liberal media conspiracy?
> 
The media is not totally monolithic.  Even though there is a prevailing
liberal bias, programs such as the MacNeil-Lehrer News Hour try to give
a balanced and fair reporting of the news.  There are even conservative
sources out there if you know where to look.  (Hurrah for Rush!)

BTW, I never used the word "conspiracy".  I don't accept (without *far*
more evidence) theories that there is some all-pervading liberal
conspiracy attempting to take over all news sources.

>>> "Thou shalt not kill... unless thou hast a pretty good reason for killing,
>>>  in which case thou shalt kill, and also kill anyone who gets in the way,
>>>  as unfortunately it cannot be helped."
>>>                                  -- Jim Brown Bible for Loving Christians
>> 
>> Thanks mathew, I like the quote.  Pretty funny actually.  (I'm a 
>> Monty Python fan, you know.  Kind of seems in that vein.)
>> 
>> Of course, oversimplifying any moral argument can make it seem
>> contradictory.  But then, you know that already.
> 
> Ha ha, only serious.
> 
> I, an atheist, am arguing against killing innocent people.
> 
> You, a supposed Christian, are arguing that it's OK to kill innocent people
> so long as you get some guilty ones as well.

Hardly.  I didn't say that it's a Good Thing [tm] to kill innocent people
if the end is just.  Unfortunately, we don't live in a perfect world and
there are no perfect solutions.  If one is going to  resist tyranny, then
innocent people on both sides are going to suffer and die.  I didn't say
it is OK -- it is unfortunate, but sometimes necessary.

> 
> I, a moral relativist, am arguing that saturation bombing of German cities at
> the end of World War II was (as far as I can see) an evil and unnecessary act.

I would agree that it was evil in the sense that it caused much pain
and suffering.  I'm not so sure that it was unnecessary as you say.  That
conclusion can only be arrived at by evaluating all the factors involved.
And perhaps it *was* unnecessary as (let's say) we now know.  That doesn't
mean that those who had to make the decision to bomb didn't see it as
being necessary.  Rarely can one have full known of the consequences of
an action before making a decision.  At the time it may have seemed
necessary enough to go ahead with it.

But don't assume that I feel the bombing was *morally* justified -- I
don't!  I just don't condemn those who had to make a difficult
decision under difficult circumstances.

> 
> You, having criticised moral relativism in the past, are now arguing that I am
> in no position to judge the morality of allied actions at the end of the
> War.  

You certainly are not in such a position if you are a moral relativist.
I, as an absolutist, am in a position to judge, but I defer judgment.

> You are arguing that the actions need to be assessed in the particular
> context of the time, and that they might have been moral then but not moral
> now.

Wrong.  They were neither moral then nor now.  They seemed necessary to
those making the decisions to bring a quick end to the war.  I simply
refuse to condemn them for their decision.
> 
> Where's your Christian love?  Where's your absolute morality?  Oh, how quick
> you are to discard them when it suits you.  As Ivan Stang would say, "Jesus
> would puke!"

One day I will stand before Jesus and give account of every word and action;
even this discourse in this forum.  I understand the full ramifications of
that, and I am prepared to do so.  I don't believe that you can make the
same claim.

> 
> mathew

And BTW, the reason I brought up the blanket-bombing in Germany was
because you were bemoaning the Iraqi civilian casualties as being 
"so deplorable".  Yet blanket bombing was instituted because bombing
wasn't accurate enough to hit industrial/military targets in a
decisive way by any other method at that time.  But in the Gulf War,
precision bombing was the norm.  So the point was, why make a big
stink about the relatively few civilian casualties that resulted
*in spite of* precision bombing, when so many more civilians
(proportionately and quantitatively) died under the blanket bombing
in WW2?  Even with precision bombing, mistakes happen and some
civilians suffer.  But less civilians suffered in this war than
any other iany other in history!  Many Iraqi civilians went about their lives
with minimal interference from the allied air raids.  The stories
of "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi civilian dead is just plain bunk.
Yes, bunk.  The US lost 230,000 servicemen in WW2 over four years
and the majority of them were directly involved in fighting!  But 
we are expected to swallow that "hundreds of thousands" of 
*civilian* Iraqis died in a war lasting about 2 months!  And with 
the Allies using the most precise bombs ever created at that!  
What hogwash.  If "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi civilians died, 
it was due to actions Hussein took on his own people, not due to 
the Allied bombing.

Regards,

Jim B.



From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Is Morality Constant (was Re: Biblical Rape)

My last response in this thread fell into a bit-bucket and vanished
(though appearing locally).  I'll repost it, since I always feel
slighted when someone appears to ignore one of my postings in a
conversational thread, I don't want Rob to think I'm doing so.  Since
this is now dated, however, don't feel compelled to respond...

In article <1993Apr08.174942.45124@watson.ibm.com> strom@Watson.Ibm.Com (Rob Strom) writes:
>I was making two separate points, both of which attack
>"face value" Bible interpretation:
>
>(1) To judge the Bible's value today, you judge it based on
>    the way it is used today.  That is, what do commentators
>    actually say, what do rabbis teach, etc.

I suspect you meant this in context of the Jewish tradition you have
been referring to; one problem with a highly-interpreted tradition
like this is what happens when a schism occurs, and over time certain
large and influential branches of the heretical group come to favor
exactly a "face value" interpretation...

>(2) To judge the Bible's value when originally written,
>    you (a) read it in the context of its time (not
>    with today's assumptions), and (b) compare it to
>    the practices of surrounding people.

While the context of the time is important, value judgments must
ultimately be according to current understanding, or at least to some
base standard (relative stability/success of a society, e.g.).  This
is obviously true in comparing it to practices of surrounding people,
for instance: according to the Bible, the surrounding people were
immoral savages with repulsive and inhuman habits.  We need to look
rather at what those peoples were *really* like.  For instance, in
what way is it better to worship a single god whose presence is
symbolically strongest in a tent or temple over multiple gods some of
whose presence is symbolically represented in a statue?  By the
Bible's own terms idolatry is inherently evil, but I see no evidence
that the followers of the various other religions of the area and time
were particularly bad people, relative to the people in the Bible.

>[...scissors and cloth...] Now in the past, our ancestors
>did cut cloth with scissors, but they at least knew that
>their inhumane neighbors cut it with their bare teeth,
>so this was a relatively enlightened step forward from
>their earlier barbarism, and made the transition to
>modern civilized paper-cutting that much easier."

Sounds good, but it presupposes teeth-rending neighbors, which I see
no support for.  One can argue that post-facto assertion of inhumane
neighbors can be used to make moral points, but that doesn't mean that
the actual neighbors really were inhuman.  More to the point, such
dehumanization of the people across the river or over the mountain, or
even of a different people dwelling among us, is all too common.

>|> That complex
>|> and benign moral traditions have evolved based on particular mythic
>|> interpretations of that history is interesting, but I still don't
>|> think it fair to take that long tradition of interpretation and use it
>|> to attack condemnation of the original history.

Note that I'm speaking of historical interpretation here, for instance
claiming that Hammurabi's "an eye for an eye" was primitive brutal
retribution, while Moses' version was an enlightened benign fine
(because the tradition has since interpreted the phrase that way).  As
of 3000 years ago or so, they probably both meant the same thing.

>To be sure, I'm arguing from a parochial perspective.
>I belong to this tiny tribe which has struggled against
>overwhelming odds for survival as a distinct tribe,
>and this book is the book of my tribe.  The book commands
>us to dedicate ourselves to study, to improve the
>world, and to set an example as "a light to the nations".
>
>We've revered the book, and I think we've been successful:
>as scientists, as artists and musicians, as leaders
>in important humanitarian causes.  It's hard for me to
>separate the success of my people from the virtue
>of our book.  You'd have to argue that we'd have
>done significantly better with a different book or with no book,
>or that another tribe with a different book or
>with no book has done significantly better.

I don't belittle the accomplishments, particularly the intellectual
ones, of the Jewish people.  I have given up on trying to think by
analogy, since I don't know of any other 'tribe' that is at all
similar (the closest I can think of are the Romany, but I don't know
enough about them to make a meaningful comparison).  I think a
tradition of reflective study, of flexible rather than dogmatic
interpretation, is a good thing.  I think that with such an attitude a
case could be made that you could have done as well starting with a
1943 Captain America comic (or whatever the Babylonian equivalent
would have been).
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.


-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: "satanic" verses

Once again, this posting has been delayed for about a week by falling
between some software cracks...

In article <114525@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>As promised, here is Rafiq Zakaria's discussion of the nature of
>the so-called "satanic verses" from which Rushdie's title has been
>taken. (Rafiq Zakaria, _Muhammad and the Quran_, Penguin '91)

[Here follows an introduction to the controversial incident, and an
 apologetic explanation purporting to show why it couldn't actually
 have happened.  The historicity of the episode doesn't matter to what
 follows]

I don't know whether I'm quoting Gregg or Zakaria below.  Anyway, back
to current affairs,

>Rushdie has, by his own admission, drawn
>on the version given by [the orientalist] Watt 

Among others; this incident is not something Rushdie or Watt or anyone
else dug up from nowhere, it is a well known story, a myth if you
will, known (according to Umar Khan) to "Every Muslim school boy and
girl", and so presumably to Rushdie, and to Gibreel Farishta.

>and then allowed his
>imagination to run wild 

Yes, this is what writing fiction is all about.  Rushdie was writing
about a crisis of faith, and chose this myth to present it, by placing
the actor "Gibreel" in the role of the angel whose name he took.
Rushdie was not writing a history or theology book, and nowhere claims
or implies that this is what actually happened.  It's somewhat like
stories woven around the relationship between Jesus and the reformed
prostitute Mary Magdalene (another myth).  Or those referring to the
Arthurian mythos, or the Grail legend, or the Wandering Jew, or dozens
of others.  If you can stand to read the work of a blasphemer,
consider Salman Rushdie's children's book "Haroun and the Sea of
Stories" for an idea of the way a storyteller -- a specific
storyteller -- works with existing story lines.

>to ridicule Muhammad's integrity...

No.  Muhammad's [Mahound's] integrity is not really impugned in this
part of the story, and there's no reason to think this was Rushdie's
intent: Gibreel, as the archangel, produces the verses (divine and
satanic), though he doesn't know their provenance.  It is not implied
(in a straight reading) that Muhammad influences them:

    " *Not my voice* I'd never know such words I'm no classy speaker
    never was never will be but this isn't my voice it's a Voice.
      Mahound's eyes open wide, he's seeing some kind of vision,
    staring at it, oh, that's right, Gibreel remembers, me.  He's
    seeing me.  My lips moving, being moved by.  What, whom?  Don't
    know, can't say.  Nevertheless, here they are, coming out of my
    mouth, up my throat, past my teeth: the Words.
      Being God's postman is no fun, yaar.
      Butbutbut: God isn't in this picture.
      God knows whose postman I've been."

It's ambiguous: is Mahound somehow manipulating Gibreel?  Is it Satan?
Or something else?  The answer is not given.

To be sure, the question is raised.  This novel explores faith and the
role of revelation in religion, among other things.  Addressing loss
of faith implicitly raises questions about the truth of revelation,
but this novel proposes no answers, at least not directly.  The very
existence of a newsgroup named "alt.atheism" raises the same
questions, more forcefully, and does propose some answers, which is
the real relevance.  If Rushdie's mild fictional exploration is "filth
and lies", and he "asked for what he got", are we next on the fatwa
list?  (That's a rhetorical question, of course.)
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.


-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Who Says the Apostles Were Tortured?

Another article that fell between the cracks:

In article <1qiu97INNpq6@srvr1.engin.umich.edu> ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles) writes:
 As evidence for the Resurrection, it is often claimed that the Disciples
were tortured to death for their beliefs and still did not renounce
their claim that Jesus had come back from the dead.
 Now, I skimmed Acts and such, and I found a reference to this happening
to Stephen, but no others. Where does this apparently very widely held
belief come from? Is there any evidence outside the Bible? Is there any
evidence *in* the Bible? I sure haven't found any...

Briefly, no.  There is widespread folklore, but no good documentary
evidence, or even solid rumor, concerning the deaths of the Apostles.
Further, the usual context of such arguments, as you observe, is "No
Martyrs for a Lie": i.e. the willingness of these people to die rather
than recant is evidence for the truth of their belief.  This adds the
quite stronger twist that the proposed martyrs must have been offered
the chance of life by recanting.  Since we don't even know how or
where they died, we certainly don't have this information.  (By the
way, even in the case of Stephen it is not at all clear that he could
have saved himself by recanting).  The willingness of true believers
to die for their belief, be it in Jesus or Jim Jones, is
well-documented, so martyrdom in and of itself says little.  [See
1Kings18:20-40 for a Biblical account of the martyrdom of 450 priests
of Baal].


-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?

Another one rescued from the bit bucket...

Over the years the furor over this book has been discussed on a.a. and
elsewhere on the net.  Generally, the discussion comes down to the
contention on the one hand that TSV contains such blood libel against
Islam as to merit, if not death, than at least banning and probably
some sort of punishment; and on the other that Rushdie, particularly
as a non-muslim in a Western country, had every right to write and
publish whatever he chose, regardless of whether some muslims find it
offensive, without fear of persecution or death.  

I am naturally inclined to the latter position, but find myself in an
interesting position, because I think this is a fine book, only
incidentally concerned with Islam, and moreover I'm damned if I can
find anything malevolently offensive in it.

Over the years, when I have made this point, various primarily muslim
posters have responded, saying that yes indeed they have read the book
and had called it such things as "filth and lies", "I would rank
Rushdie's book with Hitler's Mein Kempf or worse", and so on.
Unfortunately, these comments are usually generalities, and attempts
to follow up by requesting explanations for what specifically is so
offensive have met either with stony silence, more generalizations, or
inaccurate or out-of-context references to the book [which lead me to
believe that few of them have actually read it].  Corrections and
attempts to discuss the text in context have been ignored.

Anyway, since I seem to be the only one following this particular line
of discussion, I wonder how many of the rest of the readership have
read this book?  What are your thoughts on it?  
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.


-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Is Morality Constant (was Re: Biblical Rape)

This response originally fell into a bit bucket.  I'm reposting it
just so Bill doesn't think I'm ignoring him.

In article <C4w5pv.JxD@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>Jim Perry (perry@dsinc.com) wrote:
>
>[Some stuff about Biblical morality, though Bill's quote of me had little
> to do with what he goes on to say]

Bill,

I'm sorry to have been busy lately and only just be getting around to
this.

Apparently you have some fundamental confusions about atheism; I think
many of these are well addressed in the famous FAQ.  Your generalisms
are then misplaced -- atheism needn't imply materialism, or the lack
of an absolute moral system.  However, I do tend to materialism and
don't believe in absolute morality, so I'll answer your questions.

>How then can an atheist judge value? 

An atheist judges value in the same way that a theist does: according
to a personal understanding of morality.  That I don't believe in an
absolute one doesn't mean that I don't have one.  I'm just explicit,
as in the line of postings you followed up, that when I express
judgment on a moral issue I am basing my judgment on my own code
rather than claiming that it is in some absolute sense good or bad.
My moral code is not particular different from that of others around
me, be they Christians, Muslims, or atheists.  So when I say that I
object to genocide, I'm not expressing anything particularly out of
line with what my society holds.

If your were to ask why I think morality exists and has the form it
does, my answer would be mechanistic to your taste -- that a moral
code is a prerequisite for a functioning society, and that humanity
probably evolved morality as we know it as part of the evolution of
our ability to exist in large societies, thereby achieving
considerable survival advantages.  You'd probably say that God just
made the rules.  Neither of us can convince the other, but we share a
common understanding about many moral issues.  You think you get it
from your religion, I think I get it (and you get it) from early
childhood teaching.

>That you don't like what God told people to do says nothing about God
>or God's commands, it says only that there was an electrical event in your
>nervous system that created an emotional state that your mind coupled
>with a pre-existing thought-set to form that reaction. 

I think you've been reading the wrong sort of comic books, but in
prying through the gobbledygook I basically agree with what you're
saying.  I do believe that my mental reactions to stimuli such as "God
commanded the genocide of the Canaanites" is mechanistic, but of
course I think that's true of you as well.  My reaction has little to
do with whether God exists or even with whether I think he does, but
if a god existed who commanded genocide, I could not consider him
good, which is supposedly an attribute of God.

>All of this being so, you have excluded
>yourself from any discussion of values, right, wrong, goood, evil,
>etc. and cannot participate. Your opinion about the Bible can have no
>weight whatsoever.

Hmm.  Yes, I think some heavy FAQ-reading would do you some good.  I
have as much place discussing values etc. as any other person.  In
fact, I can actually accomplish something in such a discussion, by
framing the questions in terms of reason: for instance, it is clear
that in an environment where neighboring tribes periodically attempt
to wipe each other out based on imagined divine commands, then the
quality of life will be generally poor, so a system that fosters
coexistence is superior, if quality of life is an agreed goal.  An
absolutist, on the other hand, can only thump those portions of a
Bible they happen to agree with, and say "this is good", even if the
act in question is unequivocally bad by the standards of everyone in
the discussion.  The attempt to define someone or a group of people as
"excluded from discussion", such that they "cannot participate", and
their opinions given "no weight whatsoever" is the lowest form or
reasoning (ad hominem/poisoning the well), and presumably the resort
of someone who can't rationally defend their own ideas of right,
wrong, and the Bible.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: Origins of the bible.

In article <1993Apr19.141112.15018@cs.nott.ac.uk>, eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (A.Wainwright) writes:
> Hi,
> 
> I have been having an argument about the origins of the bible lately with
> a theist acquaintance.  He stated that thousands of bibles were discovered
> at a certain point in time which were syllable-perfect.  This therefore
> meant that there must have been one copy at a certain time; the time quoted
> by my acquaintace was approximately 50 years after the death of Jesus.

You can tell your friend from me that I was in a publisher's
warehouse one time and saw thousands of copies of The Joy of
Cooking and every one of them was syllable-perfect.

I have since sold all I own and become a follower of The Joy
of Cooking.  The incident I mentioned convinced me, once and
for all, that The Joy of Cooking is inspired by god and the
one true path to his glory.

Dean Kaflowitz  May the Sauce be With You



From: jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <1qsum1INNg5k@shelley.u.washington.edu> jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan) writes:
>
>I think you've missed the point.  Take "alt.atheism" for instance.
>It's an exponent-based anagram.  When fully extended, it translates
>to:
>     Dig Tunnels Deep!
>     Store Grain Everywhere!
>     Prepare for the Coming Struggle!
>
>You'll no doubt recognize this as a quote from Chairman Mao.
>
>Thus, I think you'll have to admit that  atheists have a lot 
>more up their sleeve than you might have suspected. 
>
>Agnostics will be sent to the gulag under the Mao-atheist new order.

Now where did I put my little red book?  Or was that green?

Jim
--
If God is dead and the actor plays his part                    | -- Sting,
His words of fear will find their way to a place in your heart | History
Without the voice of reason every faith is its own curse       | Will Teach Us
Without freedom from the past things can only get worse        | Nothing

From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

Dan Schaertel,,, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) wrote:

Since this is alt.atheism, I hope you don't mind if we strongly disagree...

: The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
: But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
: you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
: love you.     The responsibility is on you to love God and take a step toward
: Him.  He promises to be there for you, but you have to look for yourself.

Indeed, "knock and it shall be opened to you". Dan, why didn't this work?
I firmly believed in god for 15 years, but I eventually realised I was
only deluding myself, fearful to face the truth. Ultimately, the only reason
what kept me believing was the fear of hell. The mental states I 
had sillily attributed to divine forces or devil's attempts to 
destroy my faith were nothing more than my imagination, and it is easy
to achieve the same mental states at will. 

My faith was just learned fear in a disguise.

: Those who doubt this or dispute it have not givin it a sincere effort.

God is demanding too much. Dan, what was it I believed in for 15 years?
If sincere effort is equivalent to active suspension of disbelief -
what it was in my case - I'd rather quit. If god does not help me to
keep the faith, I can't go on. 

Besides, I am concerned with god's morality and mental health. Does
she really want us to _believe_ in herself without any help (revelations,
guidance, or anything I can feel)? If she has created us, why didn't
she make the task any easier? Why are we supposed to love someone who
refuses to communicate with us? What is the point of eternal torture
for those who can't believe?

I love god just as much as she loves me. If she wants to seduce me,
she'll know what to do. 

: Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
: that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
: Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
: the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
: know more than you do now. 

Your argument is of the type "you'll know once you try".
Yet there are many atheists who have sincerely tried, and believed
for many years, but were eventually honest enough to admit that 
they had lived in a virtual reality.

What else but reason I can use? I don't have the spiritual means 
Christians often refer to. My conscience disagrees with the Bible.
I don't even believe I have a soul. I am fully dependent on my
body - indeed, I _am_ this body. When it goes up with flames, so
does my identity. God can entertain herself with copies of me
if she wants.

: To learn you must accept that which you don't know.

What does this mean? To learn you must accept that you don't know 
something, right-o. But to learn you must _accept_ something I don't
know, why? This is not the way I prefer to learn. It is unwise to
merely swallow everything you read. Suppose I write a book telling
how the Great Invisible Pink Unicorn (tm) has helped me in my
daily problems, would you accept this, since you can't know whether
it is true or not?

Note that the GIPU is also omnipotent, omnipresent, and loves just
about everyone. Besides, He (and She) is guiding every writer on this planet,
you and me, and not just some people who write legendary stories
2000 years ago.

Your god is just one aspect of His and Her Presence.

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Gulf War / Selling Arms

In article <930420.113512.1V3.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
> mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:

From a parallel thread.  Much about definitions of bombs, etc. deleted.
[...]

> 
>> Aaaahhh.  Tell me, how many innocents were killed in concentration camps?
>> mm-hmm.  Now, how many more were scheduled to enter concentration camps
>> had they not been shut down because they were captured by the allies?
>> mm-hmm.  Now, civilians died in that war.  So no matter what you do,
>> civilians die.  What is the proper course?
> 
> Don't sell the bastard arms and information in the first place.  Ruthlessly
> hunt down those who do.  Especially if they're in positions of power.
> 

Mathew, I agree.  This, it seems, is the crux of your whole position,
isn't it?  That the US shouldn't have supported Hussein and sold him arms
to fight Iran?  I agree.  And I agree in ruthlessly hunting down those
who did or do.  But we *did* sell arms to Hussein, and it's a done deal.
Now he invades Kuwait.  So do we just sit back and say, "Well, we sold
him all those arms, I suppose he just wants to use them now.  Too bad
for Kuwait."  No, unfortunately, sitting back and "letting things be"
is not the way to correct a former mistake.  Destroying Hussein's
military potential as we did was the right move.  But I agree with
your statement, Reagan and Bush made a grave error in judgment to
sell arms to Hussein.  So it's really not the Gulf War you abhor
so much, it was the U.S.'s and the West's shortsightedness in selling
arms to Hussein which ultimately made the war inevitable, right?

If so, then I agree.

[more deleted.]
> 
> mathew

Regards,

Jim B.

From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics


Maddi Hausmann chirps:

>timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes: >

>>First of all, you seem to be a reasonable guy.  Why not try to be more >honest
>>and include my sentence afterwards that

>Honest, it just ended like that, I swear!

That's nice.

>Hmmmm...I recognize the warning signs...alternating polite and
>rude...coming into newsgroup with huge chip on shoulder...calls
>people names and then makes nice...whirrr...click...whirrr

You forgot the third equality...whirrr...click...whirrr...see below...

>Whirr click whirr...Frank O'Dwyer might also be contained
>in that shell...pop stack to determine...whirr...click..whirr

>"Killfile" Keith Allen Schneider = Frank "Closet Theist" O'Dwyer = ...

= Maddi "The Mad Sound-O-Geek" Hausmann

...whirrr...click...whirrr

--
Bake Timmons, III

-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

From: oser@fermi.wustl.edu (Scott Oser)
Subject: Re: Studies on Book of Mormon

I think that _The_Transcedental_Temptation_, by Paul Kurtz, has a good
section on the origins of Mormonism you might want to look at.

-Scott O.


From: GMILLS@CHEMICAL.watstar.uwaterloo.ca (Phil Trodwell)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <timmbake.735175045@mcl> timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
>From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
>Subject: Amusing atheists and agnostics
>Date: 18 Apr 93 23:17:25 GMT

[some big deletions]
>
>Many atheists show a poor understanding of human nature, so many 
      ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^                
>people who would otherwise sympathize with their cause only shake their 
>heads in disbelief at such childish ranting.

Another in a string of idiotic generalizations.  Gad, I'm surprised I got 
this far down in the post.  I guess some just like seeing their names up on 
a CRT.  

Like me :-)



Phil Trodwell 

***   This space   ***|   "I'd be happy to ram a goddam 440-volt cattle
***    for rent.   ***|   prod into that tub with you right now, but not
***     (cheap)    ***|   this radio!"       -Hunter S. Thompson

From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

Perhaps it's prophetic that the week "Where are they now?" appears and
I can claim to be a still-active old-timer, my news software gets bit
rot and ships outgoing articles into a deep hole somewhere...  Anyway,
here's a repost:

In article <1qi156INNf9n@senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU> tcbruno@athena.mit.edu (Tom Bruno) writes:
>
>Which brings me to the point of my posting.  How many people out there have 
>been around alt.atheism since 1990?  I've done my damnedest to stay on top of
>the newsgroup, but when you fall behind, you REALLY fall behind [...]

These days you don't have to fall far behind... Last Monday
(admittedly after a long weekend, but...) I had 800+ messages just in
those few days.  Aside from a hiatus while changing jobs last Fall
I've been here since 1990.

>Has anyone tried to
>keep up with the deluge?  Inquiring minds want to know!  Also-- does anyone
>keep track of where the more infamous posters to alt.atheism end up, once they
>leave the newsgroup?  Just curious, I guess.

Hell, Norway?  The rubber room at the funny farm?  Seminary?  It is
not given to us to know...
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: STRONG & weak Atheism

Did that FAQ ever got modified to re-define strong atheists as not those who
assert the nonexistence of God, but as those who assert that they BELIEVE in 
the nonexistence of God?  There was a thread on this earlier, but I didn't get
the outcome...

-- Adam "No Nickname" Cooper



********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
* (612) 696-7521		   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

In article <93Apr20.035421edt.47719@neat.cs.toronto.edu>, tgk@cs.toronto.edu (Todd Kelley) writes:
> In light of what happened in Waco, I need to get something of my
> chest.

Sadly understandable...

> 
> Faith and dogma are dangerous.  

Yes.

> 
> Religion inherently encourages the implementation of faith and dogma, and
> for that reason, I scorn religion.
> 
To be fair, you should really qualify this as semitic-western religions, but
you basically go ahead and do this later on anyway.

> I have expressed this notion in the past.  Some Christians debated
> with me whether Christianity leaves any room for reasoning.  I claimed
> rationality is quelled out of Christianity by faith and dogma.

Again, this should really be evaluated at a personal level.  For example, there
was only one Jesus (presumably), and he probably didn't say all that many
things, and yet (seemingly) billions and billions of Christian sects have
arisen.  Perhaps there is one that is totally dedicated to rationalism and
believes in Christ as in pantheism.  It would seem to go against the Bible, but
it is amazing what people come up with under the guise of "personal
interpretation".

> A philosopher cannot be a Christian because a philosopher can change his mind,
> whereas a Christian cannot, due to the nature of faith and dogma present
> in any religion.

This is a good point.  We have here the quintessential Christian: he sets up a
system of values/beliefs for himself, which work very well, and every
event/experience is understandable and deablable within the framework of this
system.  However, we also have an individual who has the inability (at least
not without some difficulty) to change, which is important, because the problem
with such a system is the same as with any system: one cannot be open minded to
the point of "testing hypotheses" against the basic premise of the system
without destroying whatever faith is invested therein, unless of course, all
the tests fail.  In other words, the *fairer* way would be to test and evaluate
moralities without the bias/responsibility of losing/retaining a system.

> 
> I claimed that a ``Christian philosopher'' is not a Christian,
> but is a person whose beliefs at the moment correspond with those
> of Christianity. Consider that a person visiting or guarding a prison
> is not a prisoner, unless you define a prisoner simply to be someone
> in a prison.
> Can we define a prisoner to be someone who at the moment is in a prison?
> Can we define a Christian to be someone who at the moment has Christian
> beliefs?  No, because if a person is free to go, he is not a prisoner.
> Similarly, if a person is not constrained by faith and dogma, he is not
> a Christian.

Interesting, but again, when it seems to basically boil down to individual
nuances (although not always, I will admit, and probably it is the
mass-oriented divisions which are the most appalling), it becomes irrelevant,
unfortunately.

> 
> I admit it's a word game.
> I'm going by the dictionary definition of religion:
>    ``religion n. 1. concern over what exists beyond the visible world,
>      differentiated from philosophy in that it operates through faith
>      or intuition rather than reason, ...''
>                                    --Webster's
> 
> Now let's go beyond the word game.  I don't claim that religion
> causes genocide.  I think that if all humans were atheist, there
> would still be genocide.  There will always be humans who don't think.
> There will always be humans who don't ask themselves what is
> the REAL difference between themselves and people with different
> colored skin, or a different language, or different beliefs.
> 

Granted

> Religion is like the gun that doesn't kill anybody.  Religion encourages
> faith and dogma and although it doesn't directly condemn people,
> it encourages the use of ``just because'' thinking.  It is
> ``just because'' thinking that kills people.
> 

In which case the people become the bullets, and the religion, as the gun,
merely offers them a way to more adequately do some harm with themselves, if I
may be so bold as to extend your similie?

> Sure, religion has many good qualities.  It encourages benevolence
> and philanthropy.  OK, so take out only the bad things: like faith,
> dogma, and tradition.  Put in the good things, like careful reasoning,
> and science.  The result is secular humanism.  Wouldn't it
> be nice if everyone were a secular humanist?   To please the
> supernaturalists, you might even leave God in there, but the secular
> emphasis would cause the supernaturalists to start thinking, and
> they too would realize that a belief in a god really doesn't put
> anyone further ahead in understanding the universe (OK, I'm just
> poking fun at the supernaturalists :-).

Also understandable... ;)

> 
> Of course, not all humans are capable of thought, and we'd still
> have genocide and maybe even some mass suicide...but not as much.
> I'm willing to bet on that.
> 
> Todd
> -- 
> Todd Kelley                       tgk@cs.toronto.edu
> Department of Computer Science
> University of Toronto
-- 

best regards,


********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
* (612) 696-7521		   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <C5qt5p.Mvo@blaze.cs.jhu.edu> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:

>In article <115694@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>>I think many reading this group would also benefit by knowing how
>>deviant the view _as I've articulated it above_ (which may not be
>>the true view of Khomeini) is from the basic principles of Islam. 

>From the point ov view of an atheist, I see you claim Khomeini wasn't
>practicing true Islam.  But I'm sure that he would have said the same about
>you.  How am I, a member of neither group, supposed to be able to tell which
>one of you two is really a true Muslim?

This is a very good point. I have already made the clear claim that
Khomeini advocates views which are in contradition with the Qur'an
and have given my arguments for this. This is something that can be
checked by anyone sufficiently interested. Khomeini, being dead,
really can't respond, but another poster who supports Khomeini has
responded with what is clearly obfuscationist sophistry. This should
be quite clear to atheists as they are less susceptible to religionist
modes of obfuscationism. 

So, to answer your question, the only way you can judge is by learning 
more about Islam, that is by reading the Qur'an and understanding it's 
basic principles. Once one has done this it is relatively easy to see 
who is following the principles of Islam and who is acting in a way at 
odds with Islam. Khomeini by attributing a superhuman status to twelve 
muslim historical leaders is at variance with one of basic principles 
of Islam, which is that no human being is metaphysically different than 
any other human being and in no sense any closer to God in metaphysical 
nature.


Gregg


From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <11855@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:


>In article <116003@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>>This supports nothing. I have no reason to believe that this is 
>>piece is anything other than another anti-Islamic slander job.
>>I have no respect for titles, only for real content. I can look
>>up this article if I want, true. But I can tell you BCCI was _not_
>>an Islamic bank. Seeing as I'm spending my time responding to
>>propaganda (in responding to this little sub-thread) I really
>>don't feel a deep need to do more than make statements to the
>>effect that the propaganda is false. If someone wants to discuss
>>the issue more seriously then I'd be glad to have a real discussion,
>>providing references, etc.


>  But you must admit that this is a more thorough argument
>  supporting a proposition than your 'it's propganda because I say
>  so'.  I hope you can see why we might not find this argument 
>  compelling.  If you want to refute a point, then do so, but do it
>  right.



Well, again, I am doing as much as the poster I was replying too. I am
quite busy and really don't have the time to respond in full scholarly
form to every accusation that is flippantly made by someone who's 
being clearly antagonistic.


>  And have you ever considered that perhaps these people actually
>  believe what they say?  That they are not just spreading
>  propaganda? 


I have considered it. But if someone spreads falsehoods out of
ignorance then they are still spreading falsehoods. Those falsehoods
generally do not come out of nowhere but are produced by people
who know that what they are saying is (at _least_) not the whole
truth. I still consider such spreading of falsehoods propaganda
on some level.


> I'm not in a position to say, since I know nothing
>  about the situation.  That does not, in my estimation, qualify me
>  as having my head up my ass.


Bob, I never accused you of having your head up your ass! It takes
me quite some time in dealing with someone before accusing them of
having their head up their ass. I was accusing the original poster
(Benedikt, I believe) of being so impaired.


Cheers,

Gregg



From: ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill Ray)
Subject: Re: Who Says the Apostles Were Tortured?

: The willingness of true believers
: to die for their belief, be it in Jesus or Jim Jones, is
: well-documented, so martyrdom in and of itself says little.

It does say something about the depth of their belief.  Religion has
both deluded believers and con men.  The difference is often how far
they will follow their beliefs.

I have no first hand, or even second hand, knowledge of how the 
original apostles died.  If they began a myth in hopes of exploiting
it for profit, and followed that myth to the death, that would be
inconsistent.  Real con men would bail out when it was obvious it would 
lead to discomfort, pain and death.

The story in 1 Kings regarding the 450 prophets of Baal is of no
help in this debate.  One can easily assume that they believed that
no overwhelming vindication of Elijah would be forthcoming.  He was
simply a fool, who would be shown to be so.  The fire from heaven was
swift and their seizure and deaths were equally swift.


From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <C5r5C9.69B@unix.portal.com> danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock) writes:

>In article <C5qt5p.Mvo@blaze.cs.jhu.edu> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:

>>In article <115694@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>>>I think many reading this group would also benefit by knowing how
>>>deviant the view _as I've articulated it above_ (which may not be
>>>the true view of Khomeini) is from the basic principles of Islam. 

>>From the point ov view of an atheist, I see you claim Khomeini wasn't
>>practicing true Islam.  But I'm sure that he would have said the same about
>>you.  How am I, a member of neither group, supposed to be able to tell which
>>one of you two is really a true Muslim?

>Easy - just read the Koran. Because the Koran is perfect, there is
>no possibility of disagreement. :-) :-) 

Okay, I see smilies, so this isn't supposed to be a serious post.
On the other hand, I would suppose it does has some motivation behind
it. Apparently the idea is to poke fun at religion, but there is 
presumably some sort of reasoning behind it. As an argument, this 
statement is worthless. Presuming the Qur'an is a perfect religious 
text (whatever that might be) there is still plenty of room for 
disagreement about its implications for issues far from essentials.

I've already responded to the question of how a judgment might be made
between two people who in fact _do_ disagree about Islam, which doesn't
presume anything about the Qur'an other than its having sufficient
clarity for all important disputes about the basic principles of
Islam. This hardly constitutes a claim that no two people could have
disagreements about _all_ issues relevant to Islam.


Gregg


From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism)

In article <1993Apr19.231641.21652@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:

>The positive aspect of this verse noted by Dr. Maurice Bucaille is that
>while geocentrism was the commonly accepted notion at the time (and for
>a long time afterwards), there is no notion of geocentrism in this verse
>(or anywhere in the Qur'an).

	There is no notion of heliocentric, or even galacticentric either.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
		
		"My sole intention was learning to fly."

From: GMILLS@CHEMICAL.watstar.uwaterloo.ca (Phil Trodwell)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
>Subject: Societally acceptable behavior
>Date: Mon, 19 Apr 1993 13:39:39 GMT
>Merely a question for the basis of morality
>
>Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.
>1)Who is society
>2)How do "they" define what is acceptable?
>3)How do we keep from a "whatever is legal is what is "moral" "position?
>MAC

Wow! You got me thinking now!

This is an interesting question in that recently there has been a 
move in society to classify previously "socially unacceptable" yet legal 
activities as OK.  In the past it seems to me there were always two 
coexisting methods of social control.

First (and most explicit) is legal control.  That is the set of 
actions we define as currently illegal and having a specifically defined set 
of punishments.

Secondly (and somewhat more hidden) is social control.  These are 
the actions which are considered socially unacceptable and while not covered 
by legal control, are scrictly controled by social censure. Ideally (if 
socialization is working as it should) legal control is hardly ever needed 
since most people voluntarilly control their actions due to the pressure of 
social censure.

The control manifests itself in day-to-day life as "guilt" and 
"morality".  I've heard it said (and fully believe) that if it weren't for 
the VAST majority of people policing themselves, legal control would be 
absolutely impossible.

Lately (last 50, 100 years?) however there has been a move to 
attempt to dissengage the individual from societal control (ie. if it ain't 
illegal, then don't pick on me).  I'm not saying this is wrong, merely 
that it is a byproduct of a society which has:

	1) A high education level,
	2) A high exposure to alternative ideas via the popular media,
	3) A high level of institutionalized individual rights, and
	4) A "me" oriented culture.

I guess what I'm saying is that we appear to be in a state of transition, 
here in the western world in that we still have many ideas about what we can\
can't allow people to do based entirely on personal squeamishness, yet we 
are fully bent on maximizing individual freedoms to the max as long as 
those freedoms don't impinge on another's.

IMHO society is trying to persue two mutually exclusive ends here.  While we 
appreciate and persue individual rights (these satisfy the old 
territoriality and dominance instincts), the removal of socialized, 
inherent fears based on ignorance will result in the 
continued destabilization of society.  

I got no quick fix.  I have no idea how we can get ourselves out of this 
mess.  I know I would never consent to the roll-back of personal freedoms 
in order to "stabilize" society.  Yet I believe development of societies 
follow a Darwinian process which selects for stability.  Can we find a 
social model which maximizes indiv. freed.'s yet is stable?  Perhaps it is 
possible to live with a "non-stable" society?

Anybody see a way out?  Comments?

PS.  Therefore answer to question #3:  We don't.  Do we want to?



Phil Trodwell 

***   This space   ***|   "I'd be happy to ram a goddam 440-volt cattle
***    for rent.   ***|   prod into that tub with you right now, but not
***     (cheap)    ***|   this radio!"       -Hunter S. Thompson

From: mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Gulf War (was Re: Death Penalty was Re: Political Atheists?)

In article <930420.113512.1V3.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>Don't sell the bastard arms and information in the first place.  Ruthlessly
>hunt down those who do.  Especially if they're in positions of power.

I looked back at this, and asked some questions of various people and
got the following information which I had claimed and you pooh-poohed.
The US has not sold Iraq any arms.  Their navy is entirely made of
F-USSR vessels.  Their airforce (not including stuff captured from Kuwait
which I am not as sure about), doesn't include any US equipment.  Their
missiles are all non-US.  Their tanks are almost all soviet, with about
100 French tanks (older ones). The only US stuff in the Iraqi arsenal
is a few M113s.  Those were not sold to Iraq.  Iraq captured them from
other countries (like Kuwait).  Information is hard to prove.  You are
claiming that the US sold information?  Prove it. 

Now, how did the US build up Iraq again?  I just gave some fairly
conclusive evidence that the US didn't sell arms to Iraq.  Information
is hard to prove, almost certainly if the US did sell information, then that
fact is classified, and you can't prove it.  If you can provide some
useful evidence that the US sold arms or valuable intelligence to Iraq,
I am very interested, but not if you just make claims based on what
"everyone knows".

-- 
***************************************************************************
* mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu * Never program and drink beer at the same *
* M^2                          *  time.  It doesn't work.                 *
***************************************************************************

From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and anarchists

mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu writes:

>My turn
>I went back and reread your post.  All you did is attack atheism, and
>say that agnosticism wasn't as funny as atheism.  Nowhere does that
>imply that you are agnostic, or weak atheist.  As most people who post
>such inflammatory remarks are theists, it was a reasonable assumption.

Sorry, you're right.  I did not clearly state it.

>>Rule *2:  Condescending to the population at large (i.e., theists) will not
>>win many people to your faith anytime soon.  It only ruins your credibility.

>How am I being condescending to the population at large?  I am stating
>something that happened to be true for a long time, I couldn't believe
>that people actually believed in this god idea.  It was an alien concept
>to me.  I am not trying to win people to my faith as you put it.  I have
>no faith.  Religion was a non issue when I had the attitude above because
>it never even occurred to me to believe.  Atheist by default I guess you
>could say.

The most common form of condescending is the rational versus irrational
attitude.  Once one has accepted the _assumption_ that there is no god(s),
and then consider other faiths to be irrational simply because their
assumption(s) contradict your assumption, then I would say there's a
lack of consistency here.

Now I know you'll get on me about faith.  If the _positive_ belief that God
does not exist were a closed, logical argument, why do so many rational
people have problems with that "logic"?

But you, probably like me, seem to be a soft atheist.  Sorry for the flamage.

>The line about atheists haveing something up their sleeves is what seemed
>to imply that.  Sorry, been reading too much on the CLIPPER project lately,
>and the paranoia over there may have seeped in some.

;)  What is the CLIPPER project BTW?

>>Rule #4:  Don't mix apples with oranges.  How can you say that the
>>extermination by the Mongols was worse than Stalin?  Khan conquered >people
>>unsympathetic to his cause.  That was atrocious.  But Stalin killed >millions of
>>his own people who loved and worshipped _him_ and his atheist state!!  >>How can
>>anyone be worse than that?

>Many rulers have done similar things in the past, only Stalin did it
>when there was plenty of documentation to afix the blame on him.  The
>evidence is that some of the early European rulers ruled with an iron
>fist much like Stalin's.  You threw in numbers, and I am sick of hearing
>about Stalin as an example because the example doesn't apply.  You
>managed to get me angry with your post because it appeared to attack
>all forms of atheism.

It might have appeared to attack atheism in general, but its point was
that mass killing happens for all sorts of reasons.  People will hate who
they will and will wave whatever flag to justify it, be it cross or
hammer&sickle.  The Stalin example _is_ important not only because it's
still a widely unappreciated era that people want to forget but also
because people really did love him and his ideas, even after all that he
had wrought.

>The evidence I am referring to is more a lack of evidence than negative
>evidence.  Say I claim there are no pink crows.  I have never seen
>a pink crow, but that doesn't mean it couldn't exist.  But, this person
>here claims that there are pink crows, even though he admits he hasn't
>been able to capture one or get a photo, or find one with me etc.
>In a sense that is evidence to not believe in the existence of pink crows.
>That is what I am saying when I look at the evidence.  I look at the
>suppossed evidence for a deity, show how it is flawed, and doesn't show
>what theists want it to show, and go on.

First, all the pink crows/unicorns/elves arguments in the world will not
sway most people, for they simply do not accept the analogy.  Why?

One of the big reasons is that many, many people want something
beyond this life.  You can pretend that they don't want this, but I for
one can accept it and even want it myself sometimes.

And there is nothing unique in this example of why people want a God.
Can love as a truth be proven, logically?

>>themselves, namely, a god or gods.  So in principle it's hard to see how
>>theists are necessarily arrogant.

>Makes no sense to me.  They seem arrogant to make such a claim to me.
>But my previous refutation still stands, and I believe there may be
>another one on the net.

John the Baptist boasted of Jesus to many people.  I find it hard to see
how that behavior is arrogant at all.  Many Christians I know also boast
in this way, but I still do not necessarily see it as arrogance.  Of course,
I do know arrogant Christians, doctors, and teachers as well.  Technically,
you might consider the person who originally made a given claim to be arrogant,
Jesus, for instance.

>Are you talking about all atheism or just strong atheism?  If you are
>talking about weak atheism which I believe in, then I refuse such a claim.
>Atheism is a lack of belief.  I used good ol' Occam's Razor to make the
>final rejection of a deity, in that, as I see things, even if I
>present the hypothesises in an equal fasion, I find the theist argument
>not plausible.

I speak against strong atheism.  I also often find that the evidence
supporting a faith is very subjective, just as, say, the evidence supporting
love as truth is subjective.

>I believe I answered that.  I apologize for the (as you stated) incorrect
>assumption on your theism, but I saw nothing to indicate that you
>were an agnostic, only that you were just another newbie Christian
>on the net trying to get some cheap shots in.

No apology necessary.  :)
--
Bake Timmons, III

-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

From: geoff@poori.East.Sun.COM (Geoff Arnold @ Sun BOS - R.H. coast near the top)
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Ve

In article 1r1cl7INNknk@bozo.dsinc.com, perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:
>Anyway, since I seem to be the only one following this particular line
>of discussion, I wonder how many of the rest of the readership have
>read this book?  What are your thoughts on it?  

I read it. I found it wonderful. For some reason (no flames,
please), I was reminded of Hemingway, Carl Orff and Van Gogh (not
all at once, though).

---
Geoff Arnold, PC-NFS architect, Sun Select. (geoff.arnold@East.Sun.COM)
--------------------------------------------------+-------------------
"What if they made the whole thing up?            | "The Great Lie" by
 Four guys, two thousand years ago, over wine..." |    The Tear Garden


From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

[reply to frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)]
 
>>The problem for the objectivist is to determine the status of moral
>>truths and the method by which they can be established.  If we accept
>>that such judgements are not reports of what is but only relate to
>>what ought to be (see naturalistic fallacy) then they cannot be proved
>>by any facts about the nature of the world.
 
>This can be avoided in at least two ways: (1) By leaving the Good
>undefined, since anyone who claims that they do not know what it is is
>either lying or so out of touch with humanity as to be undeserving of a
>reply.
 
If the Good is undefined (undefinable?) but you require of everyone that
they know innately what is right, you are back to subjectivism.
 
>(2) By defining the Good solely in terms of evaluative terms.
 
Ditto here.  An evaluative statement implies a value judgement on the
part of the person making it.
 
>>At this point the objectivist may talk of 'self-evident truths'
 
Pretty perceptive, that Prof. Flew.
 
>>but can he deny the subjectivist's claim that self-evidence is in the
>>mind of the beholder?
 
>Of course; by denying that subject/object is true dichotomy.
 
Please explain how this helps.  I don't see your argument.
 
>>If not, what is left of the claim that some moral judgements are true?
 
>If nothing, then NO moral judgements are true.  This is a thing that
>is commonly referred to as nihilism.  It entails that science is of
>no value, irrepective of the fact that some people find it useful.  How
>anyone arrives at relativism/subjectivism from this argument beats me.
 
This makes no sense either.  Flew is arguing that this is where the
objectivist winds up, not the subjectivist.  Furthermore, the nihilists
believed in nothing *except* science, materialism, revolution, and the
People.
 
>>The subjectivist may well feel that all that remains is that there are
>>some moral judgements with which he would wish to associate himself.
>>To hold a moral opinion is, he suggests, not to know something to be
>>true but to have preferences regarding human activity."
 
>And if those preferences should include terrorism, that moral opinion
>is not true.  Likewise, if the preferences should include noTerrorism,
>that moral opinion is not true.  Why should one choose a set of
>preferences which include terrorisim over one which includes
>noTerrorism?  Oh, no reason.  This is patently absurd....
 
And also not the position of the subjectivist, as has been pointed out
to you already by others.  Ditch the strawman, already, and see my reply
to Mike Cobb's root message in the thread Societal Basis for Morality.
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: He has risen!

[reply to kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)]
 
>Our Lord and Savior David Keresh has risen!
 
>He has been seen alive!
 
>Spread the word!
 
Jeez, can't he get anything straight.  I told him to wait for three
days.
 
GOD
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: College atheists

I read an article about a poll done of students at the Ivy League
schools in which it was reported that a third of the students
indentified themselves as atheists.  This is a lot higher than among the
general population.  I wonder what the reasons for this discrepancy are?
Is it because they are more intelligent?  Younger?  Is this the wave of
the future?
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

[reply to timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons]
 
>...the same kind of ignorance is demonstrated in just about every post
>in this newsgroup.  For instance, generalizations about Christianity
>are popular.
 
Which newsgroup have you been reading?  The few anti-Christian posts are
virtually all in response to some Christian posting some "YOU WILL ALL
BURN IN HELL" kind of drivel.
 
>I'm a soft atheist (courtesy of the FAQ), but even I know enough about
>the Bible to see that it repeatedly warns of false prophets preaching
>in the name of God.
 
Bake, it is transparently obvious that you are a theist pretending to be
an atheist.  You probably think you are very clever, but we see this all
the time.
 
>But the possibilities of creator and eternity carry with them too much
>emotional power to dismiss merely on the basis of this line.
 
But of course *you* have dismissed them because you are an atheist,
right?
 
>...just like any other religion, hard atheism is a faith.
 
In other words, you *didn't* read the FAQ after all.
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: What's a shit shoveler to do? (was Re: Amusing atheists and)

[reply to jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan)]
 
>So, what's someone with a prediliction to shit-shoveling to do when the
>latest "I know what you atheists are about" arrival on a.a. shows up?
>Ignore the Bills, Bobbys, Bakes?  Try to engage in reasonable discourse?
>While flame-fests have been among some of the most entertaining threads
>here, other tugs-of-war with folks like Bobby have grown old before
>their time.
 
I take the view that they are here for our entertainment.  When they are
no longer entertaining, into the kill file they go.
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu ("Half" Bake Timmons) writes: >
Maddi: >>

>>Whirr click whirr...Frank O'Dwyer might also be contained
>>in that shell...pop stack to determine...whirr...click..whirr
>
>>"Killfile" Keith Allen Schneider = Frank "Closet Theist" O'Dwyer = ...

>= Maddi "The Mad Sound-O-Geek" Hausmann

No, no, no!  I've already been named by "Killfile" Keith.
My nickname is Maddi "Never a Useful Post" Hausmann, and
don't you DARE forget it, "Half".

>-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
>than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

You really should quote Ivan Karamazov instead(on a.a), as he was
the atheist.

-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.


From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Athei

>DATE:   Tue, 20 Apr 1993 10:48:19 +0100
>FROM:   mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
>
>
>There's a great film called "Manufacturing Consent: Noam Chomsky and the
>Media".  It's a Canadian film; I saw it at the Berlin Film Festival this
>year.  If you get a chance, go and see it.
>
>I can't really recommend any books from having read them...  I'm thinking of
>ordering a book which a reviewer claimed gives a good introduction to his
>political activism.  I could dig up the title.
>
>mathew

Could it be _The Chomsky Reader_ edited by James Peck, published by Pantheon?



From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

>DATE:   20 Apr 93 05:23:15 GMT
>FROM:   Bake Timmons <timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu>
>
>>Remember, Koresh "dried" for your sins.
>>
>>And pass that beef jerky.  Umm Umm.
>
>Though I wasn't there, at least I can rely on you now to keep me posted on what
>what he's doing.
>

What
A 
Cook
Off !



From: ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au (Jeffrey Clark)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:

>Merely a question for the basis of morality

>Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.

>1)Who is society

Society is the collection of individuals which will fall under self-defined
rules.  In terms of UN decisions all the sets of peoples who are represented
at the UN are considered part of that society. If we then look at US federal
laws provided by representatives of purely US citizens then the society for
that case would be the citizens of the US and so on.

>2)How do "they" define what is acceptable?

"Acceptable" are those behaviours which are either legislated for the
society by representatives of that society or those behaviours which are
non-verbally and, in effect, non-consciously, such as picking your nose on
the Oprah Winfrey show, no-one does it, but there is no explicit law against
doing it. In many cases there are is no definition of whether or not a
behaviour is "acceptable", but one can deduce these behaviours by
observation.


>3)How do we keep from a "whatever is legal is what is "moral" "position?

In an increasingly litigation mad society, this trap is becoming exceedingly
difficult to avoid. With the infusion and strengthening of ethnic cultures
in American (and Australian, to bring in my local perspective) culture the
boundaries of acceptable behaviour are ever widening and legislation may
eventually become the definition of moral behaviour. For instance, some
cultures' dominant religion call for live sacrifice of domesticated animals.
Most fundamental christians would find this practice abhorrent. However, is
it moral, according to the multicultural american society? This kind of
problem may only be definable by legislation. 

Obviously within any society there will be differences in opinion in what is
acceptable behaviour or not, and much of this will be due to different
environmental circumstances rather than merely different opinions.  

One thing is for sure, there is no universal moral code which will suit all
cultures in all situations.  There may, however, be some globally accepted
mores which can be agreed upon and instantiated as a globally enforcable
concept. The majority of mores will not be common until all peoples upon
this earth are living in a similar environment (if that ever happens).

Jeff 'Nonickname' Clark.


From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: You will all go to hell.

In article <1993Apr20.103345.2651@nuscc.nus.sg> cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes:
>From: cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan)
>Subject: Re: You will all go to hell.
>Date: Tue, 20 Apr 1993 10:33:45 GMT
>In article <93106.155002JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu> <JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu>  
>writes:
>> YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN 
>> GOD!!!!  BE PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>
>Arrgg!!  *Another* one of those?!
>Another letter to the Big Guy:
>
>Dear God,
>
>Please take them back to Heaven & leave us rational, intelligent
>people alone.
>
>Love,
>Meng
>
>
>--
>
>The UnEnlightened One
>------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
>                  | 
>Tan Chade Meng    | There is light at the end of the tunnel ...... 
>Singapore         | 
>cmtan@iss.nus.sg  | It's an on-coming train. 
>                  | 
>------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
>
>
Meng,

I have a better prayer:

Dear God,

     Please save the world from the likes of these!!!

Tammy

From: spbach@lerc.nasa.gov (James Felder)
Subject: Re: "So help you God" in court?

In article 013423TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu, Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
->In article <1993Apr9.151914.1885@daffy.cs.wisc.edu>, mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu
->(Mark McCullough) says:
->>
->>In article <monack.733980580@helium> monack@helium.gas.uug.arizona.edu (david
->>n->>monack) writes:
->>>Another issue is that by having to request to not be required to
->>>recite the "so help me God" part of the oath, a theistic jury may be
->>>prejudiced against your testimony even though atheism is probably not
->>>at all relevant to the case.
->>>
->>>What is the recommended procedure for requesting an alternate oath or
->>>affirmation?
->>>
->>>Dave

Sorry for using a follow-up to respond, but my server dropped about a weeks worth of news
when it couldn't keep up.

When the you are asked to swear "So help you god" and you have to say it, ask which one; Jesus,
Allah, Vishnu, Zues, Odin.  Get them to be specific.   Don't be obnoxious, just humbly ask, then 
quitely sit back and watch the fun.

---

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
James L. Felder			|
Sverdrup Technology,Inc.	|     phone: 216-891-4019
NASA Lewis Research Center     	|    
Cleveland, Ohio  44135         	|     email: jfelder@lerc.nasa.gov 
"Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, other people gargle"
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------




From: cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <healta.145.734928689@saturn.wwc.edu>, healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:
[deletia wrt pathetic Jee-zus posting by Bissel] 
> I hope you're not going to flame him.  Please give him the same coutesy you'
> ve given me.

NO. He hasn't extended to US the courtesy you've shown us, so he don't get no
pie. Tammy, I respect your beliefs because you don't try to stamp them into
my being. I have scorn for posters whose sole purpose appears to be to
evangelize.
 
> 
> Tammy

From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Who Says the Apostles Were Tortured?

The traditions of the church hold that all the "apostles" (meaning the 11
surviving disciples, Matthias, Barnabas and Paul) were martyred, except for
John.  "Tradition" should be understood to read "early church writings other
than the bible and heteroorthodox scriptures".
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

From: spbach@lerc.nasa.gov (James Felder)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article 734849678@saturn.wwc.edu, bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:
->	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
->makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
->lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
->writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
->in the process he became a Christian himself.

Sounds like you are saying he was a part of some conspiracy.  Just what organization did he 
belong to? Does it have a name?

->	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
->modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.

Logic alert - artificial trifercation.  The are many other possible explainations.  Could have been
that he never existed.  There have been some good points made in this group that is not 
impossible  that JC is an amalgam of a number of different myths, Mithra comes to mind.

->	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
->die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 
->gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
->someone who was or had been healed.  Call me a fool, but I believe he did 
->heal people.  


Logic alert -  argument from incredulity.  Just because it is hard for you to believe this doesn't
mean that it isn't true.  Liars can be very pursuasive, just look at Koresh that you yourself site.
He has followers that don't think he is a fake and they have shown that they are willing to die.
By not giving up after getting shot himself, Koresh has shown that he too is will to die for what 
he believes.  As far as healing goes.  If I rememer right the healing that was attributed is not
consistent between the different gospels.  In one of them the healing that is done is not any more 
that faith healers can pull off today.  Seems to me that the early gospels weren't that compeling,
so the stories got bigger to appeal better.

->	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
->to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
->anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
->this right away.
->	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
->real thing.  


Or might not have existed, or any number of things.  That is the logical pitfall that those who
use flawed logic like this fall into.  There are bifurcations (or tri, quad, etc) that are valid, because
in the proceeding steps, the person shows conclusively that the alternatives are all that are 
possible.  Once everyone agrees that the given set is indeed all there are, then arguments among
the alternatives can be presentent, and one mostly likely to be true can be deduced by excluding
all other possible alternatives.

However, if it can be shown that the set is not all inclusive, then any conclusions bases on the 
incomplete set are invalid, even if the true choice is one of the original choices.  I have given at 
least one valid alternative, so the conclusion that JC is the real McCoy just because he isn't one of
the other two alternative is no longer valid.

->	Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
->the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.  This in his betrayal 
->and Crucifixion.  I don't have my Bible with me at this moment, next time I 
->write I will use it.

JC was a rabbi.  He knew what those prophecies were.  It wouldn't be any great shakes to make
sure one does a list of actions that would fullfill prophecy.  What would be compeling is if there
were a set of clear and explicit prophecies AND JC had absolutely NO knowledge of then,  yet 
fullfilled them anyway.

->	I don't think most people understand what a Christian is.  It 
->is certainly not what I see a lot in churches.  Rather I think it 
->should be a way of life, and a total sacrafice of everything for God's 
->sake.  He loved us enough to die and save us so we should do the 
->same.  Hey we can't do it, God himself inspires us to turn our lives 
->over to him.  That's tuff and most people don't want to do it, to be a 
->real Christian would be something for the strong to persevere at.  But 
->just like weight lifting or guitar playing, drums, whatever it takes 
->time.  We don't rush it in one day, Christianity is your whole life.  
->It is not going to church once a week, or helping poor people once in 
->a while.  We box everything into time units.  Such as work at this 
->time, sports, Tv, social life.  God is above these boxes and should be 
->carried with us into all these boxes that we have created for 
->ourselves.  

Here I agree with you.  Anyone who buys into this load of mythology should take what it says 
seriously, and what it says is that it must be a total way of life.  I have very little respect for 
Xians that don't.  If the myth is true, then it is true in its entirity.  The picking and choosing
that I see a lot of leaves a bad taste in my mouth.

Jim	  




---

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
James L. Felder			|
Sverdrup Technology,Inc.	|     phone: 216-891-4019
NASA Lewis Research Center     	|    
Cleveland, Ohio  44135         	|     email: jfelder@lerc.nasa.gov 
"Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, other people gargle"
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------




From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

>>>>> On Fri, 16 Apr 1993 02:51:29 GMT, healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) said:
TRH> I hope you're not going to flame him.  Please give him the same coutesy you'
TRH> ve given me.

But you have been courteous and therefore received courtesy in return.  This
person instead has posted one of the worst arguments I have ever seen
made from the pro-Christian people.  I've known several Jesuits who would
laugh in his face if he presented such an argument to them.

Let's ignore the fact that it's not a true trilemma for the moment (nice
word Maddi, original or is it a real word?) and concentrate on the
liar, lunatic part.

The argument claims that no one would follow a liar, let alone thousands
of people.  Look at L. Ron Hubbard.  Now, he was probably not all there,
but I think he was mostly a liar and a con-artist.  But look at how many
thousands of people follow Dianetics and Scientology.  I think the 
Baker's and Swaggert along with several other televangelists lie all
the time, but look at the number of follower they have.

As for lunatics, the best example is Hitler.  He was obviously insane,
his advisors certainly thought so.  Yet he had a whole country entralled
and came close to ruling all of Europe.  How many Germans gave their lives
for him?  To this day he has his followers.

I'm just amazed that people still try to use this argument.  It's just
so obviously *wrong*.
















--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

>>>>> On 16 Apr 93 05:10:18 GMT, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) said:

RB> In article <ofnWyG600WB699voA=@andrew.cmu.edu> pl1u+@andrew.cmu.edu (Patrick C Leger) writes:
>EVER HEAR OF
>BAPTISM AT BIRTH?  If that isn't preying on the young, I don't know what
>is...
>
RB>   
RB>   No, that's praying on the young.  Preying on the young comes
RB>   later, when the bright eyed little altar boy finds out what the
RB>   priest really wears under that chasible.

The same thing Scotsmen where under there kilt.

I'll never forget the day when I was about tweleve and accidently
walked in on a roomfull of priests sitting around in their underware
drinking beer and watching football.  

Kind of changed my opinion a bit.  They didn't seem so menacing after
that.


--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: Victims of various 'Good Fight's

>>>>> On 12 Apr 93 21:36:33 +0930, 9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au (The Desert Brat) said:

TDB> 12. Disease introduced to Brazilian * oher S.Am. tribes: x million

To be fair, this was going to happen eventually.  Given time, the Americans
would have reached Europe on their own and the same thing would have 
happened.  It was just a matter of who got together first.

--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
> In article <1993Apr15.125245.12872@abo.fi> MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats
> Andtbacka) writes:
> |      "And these objective values are ... ?"
> |Please be specific, and more importantly, motivate.
> 
> I'll take a wild guess and say Freedom is objectively valuable.

Yes, but whose freedom?  The world in general doesn't seem to value the
freedom of Tibetans, for example.


mathew

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: KORESH IS GOD!

The latest news seems to be that Koresh will give himself up once he's
finished writing a sequel to the Bible.


mathew

From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

a> In article <1qi156INNf9n@senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU>, tcbruno@athena.mit.edu (Tom Bruno) writes:
> 
..stuff deleted...
> 
> Which brings me to the point of my posting.  How many people out there have 
> been around alt.atheism since 1990?  I've done my damnedest to stay on top of
...more stuff deleted...

Hmm, USENET got it's collective hooks into me around 1987 or so right after I
switched to engineering.  I'd say I started reading alt.atheism around 1988-89.
I've probably not posted more than 50 messages in the time since then though.
I'll never understand how people can find the time to write so much.  I
can barely keep up as it is.

--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

[reply to frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)]
 
>>I'm one of those people who does not know what the word objective means
>>when put next to the word morality.  I assume its an idiom and cannot
>>be defined by its separate terms.
 
>>Give it a try.
 
>Objective morality is morality built from objective values.
 
From A Dictionary of Philosophy, by Anthony Flew:
 
"Objectivism:  The belief that there are certain moral truths that would
remain true whatever anyone or everyone thought or desired.  For
instance, 'No one should ever deliberately inflict pain on another
simply to take pleasure in his suffering' might be thought of as a
plausible example.  Even in a world of sadists who all rejected it, the
contention remains true, just as '5 + 7 = 12' remains correct even if
there is no one left to count.  The problem for the objectivist is to
determine the status of moral truths and the method by which they can be
established.  If we accept that such judgements are not reports of what
is but only relate to what ought to be (see naturalistic fallacy) then
they cannot be proved by any facts about the nature of the world.  Nor
can they be analytic, since this would involve lack of action-guiding
content;  'One ought always to do the right thing' is plainly true in
virtue of the vords involved but it is unhelpful as a practical guide to
action (see analytic and synthetic).  At this point the objectivist may
talk of 'self-evident truths', but can he deny the subjectivist's claim
that self-evidence is in the mind of the beholder?  If not, what is left
of the claim that some moral judgements are true?  THe subjectivist may
well feel that all that remains is that there are some moral judgements
with which he would wish to associate himself.  To hold a moral opinion
is, he suggests, not to know something to be true but to have
preferences regarding human activity."
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <1993Apr15.135650.28926@st-andrews.ac.uk> nrp@st-andrews.ac.uk (Norman R. Paterson) writes:

>I don't think you're right about Germany.  My daughter was born there and
>I don't think she has any German rights eg to vote or live there (beyond the
>rights of all EC citizens).  She is a British citizen by virtue of
>her parentage, but that's not "full" citizenship.  For example, I don't think
>her children could be British by virtue of her in the same way.

I am fairly sure that she could obtain citizenship by making an
application for it. It might require immigration to Germany, but
I am almost certain that once applied for citizenship is inevitable
in this case.

>More interesting is your sentence, 

>>In fact, many people try to come to the US to have their children
>>born here so that they will have some human rights.

>How does the US compare to an Islamic country in this respect?  Do people
>go to Iran so their children will have some human rights?  Would you?

More interesting only for your propaganda purposes. I have said several
times now that I don't consider Iran particularly exemplary as a good
Islamic state. We might talk about the rights of people in "capitalist
secular" third world countries to give other examples of the lack of
rights in third world countries broadly. Say, for example, Central
American secular capitalist countries whose govt's the US supports
but who Amnesty International has pointed out are human rights vacua.


Gregg





From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <11825@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>In article <C5Jxru.2t8@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
Cobb) writes:
>>What do you base your belief on atheism on?  Your knowledge and reasoning? 
>>COuldn't that be wrong?
>>

>  Actually, my atheism is based on ignorance.  Ignorance of the
>  existence of any god.  Don't fall into the "atheists don't believe
>  because of their pride" mistake.

How do you know it's based on ignorance, couldn't that be wrong? Why would it
be wrong 
to fall into the trap that you mentioned? 

Also, if I may, what the heck where we talking about and why didn't I keep 
some comments on there to see what the line of thoughts were?

MAC
 


>/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

>Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

>They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
>and sank Manhattan out at sea.

>^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: KORESH IS GOD!

>>>>> On Fri, 16 Apr 1993 14:15:20 +0100, mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> said:

m> The latest news seems to be that Koresh will give himself up once he's
m> finished writing a sequel to the Bible.

Also, it's the 16th now.  Can the Feds get him on tax evasion?  I don't
remember hearing about him running to the Post Office last night.

--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

From: mcgoy@unicorn.acs.ttu.edu (David McGaughey)
Subject: Re: THE POPE IS JEWISH!

west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:
> THE POPE IS JEWISH

I always thought that the Pope was a bear.

You know, because of that little saying:

Does a bear shit in the woods?
Is the Pope Catholic?

There MUST be SOME connection between those two lines!


From: kellyb@ccsua.ctstateu.edu
Subject: Re: Bible Quiz

In article <kmr4.1563.734805744@po.CWRU.edu>, kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
> In article <1qgbmt$c4f@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> cr866@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Frank D. Kirschner) writes:
> 
>> ---
> 
>    Only when the Sun starts to orbit the Earth will I accept the Bible. 
>         
> 
     Since when does atheism mean trashing other religions?There must be a God
     of inbreeding to which you are his only son.

                                                  Pope John Paul

From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <C5s9zM.9E0@cbnewsj.cb.att.com> decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz) writes:
>From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
>Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!
>Date: Tue, 20 Apr 1993 13:11:38 GMT
>In article <C5LH4p.27K@portal.hq.videocart.com>, dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
>> JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu () writes:
>> : YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
>> : PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>> 
>>   What do you mean "be prepared" ?? Surrounded by thumpers like yourself
>> has proven to be hellish enough . . . and I'm not even dead yet !!
>
>Well here's how I prepared.  I got one of those big beach
>umbrellas, some of those gel-pack ice things, a big Coleman cooler
>which I've loaded up with Miller Draft (so I like Miller Draft,
>so sue me), a new pair of New Balance sneakers, a Sony
>Watchman, and a couple of cartons of BonTon Cheddar Cheese
>Popcorn.
>
>I haven't decided what to wear yet.  What does one wear to an
>eternal damnation?
>
>Dean Kaflowitz
>
You should wear your nicest boxer shorts and bring plenty of SPF 45+ 
sunscreen.  I'll grab my bathing suit, towerl and some veggie hotdogs and we 
can have bonfire cookout!!
Does that sound good enough to you, Dean?
EVERY a.a poster is invited!!!

Tammy "No-trim" Healy

From: David O Hunt <bluelobster+@CMU.EDU>
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
>Actually, it was the fact that both situations existed that prompted US
>and allied action.  If some back-water country took over some other
>back-water country, we probably wouldn't intervene.  Not that we don't
>care, but we can't be the world's policman.  Or if a coup had occured
>in Kuwait (instead of an invasion), then we still wouldn't have acted
>because there would not have been the imminent danger perceived to
>Saudi Arabia.  But the combination of the two, an unprovoked invasion
>by a genocidal tyrant AND the potential danger to the West's oil 
>interests, caused us to take action.

There are many indications that would have taken place had Saddam
been wanting or planning on going into Saudi Arabia.  There were
none.  This has been openly stated by ex-Pentagon analysts.  Pull.

From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
>I'm not setting up a strawman at all.  If you want to argue against the
>war, then the only logical alternative was to allow Hussein to keep
>Kuwait.  Diplomatic alternatives, including sanctions, were ineffective.

Actually, reports from other mid-east countries showed that Hussein
was ready to make concessions due to the sanctions.  We just didn't want
him to - we wanted to crush him, as well as battle-test all these high
tech toys we've built over the years.

From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
>Probably because we're not the saviors of the world.  We can't police each
>and every country that decides to self-destruct or invade another.  Nor
>are we in a strategic position to get relief to Tibet, East Timor, or
>some other places.

We're also hypocrites of the first magnitude.  Obviously, we don't give
a shit about freedom and democracy.  All we care about is our oil.  Oh,
and the excuse, now that the Soviets are gone from the board, to keep
a sizable military presence in the gulf region.  Care to make bets about
when ALL our troops will come home?

Basically, Saddam was OK with us.  He was a killer, who tortured his
own people, used gas on them, and other horrors - he was a brutal
dictator, but he was OUR brutal dictator.  Once he said "fuck you" to
the US, he became the next Hitler.  The same for Noriega.  He was a
bastard, but he was OUR bastard...until he changed his mind and went
his own way.  Then we had to get rid of him.



David Hunt - Graduate Slave |     My mind is my own.      | Towards both a
Mechanical Engineering      | So are my ideas & opinions. | Palestinian and
Carnegie Mellon University  | <<<Use Golden Rule v2.0>>>  | Jewish homeland!
====T=H=E=R=E===I=S===N=O===G=O=D=========T=H=E=R=E===I=S===N=O===G=O=D=====
Email:  bluelobster+@cmu.edu    Working towards my "Piled Higher and Deeper"

It will be a great day when scientists and engineers have all the R&D money
they need and religions have to beg for money to pay the priest.

From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In article <C5s9tv.10H@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
> In <1qvh8tINNsg6@citation.ksu.ksu.edu> yohan@citation.ksu.ksu.edu (Jonathan W 
> Newton) writes:
> 
> 
>>In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
> Cobb) writes:
>>>Merely a question for the basis of morality
>>>
>>>Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.
> 
>>I disagree with these.  What society thinks should be irrelevant.  What the
>>individual decides is all that is important.
> 
> This doesn't seem right.  If I want to kill you, I can because that is what I
> decide?

Exactly.  Although this may be a dissapointing answer, there has to be an
interplay of the two.  Personal Ethos and Societal Morality.  A person's
self-generated/learned set of beliefs are usually expressed on a purely
mental/verbal level, and don't usually find expression in society except in an
impure (not in the sense of bad :) ) state.  Sometimes this has to be so.

>>>
>>>1)Who is society
> 
>>I think this is fairly obvious
> 
> Not really.  If whatever a particular society mandates as ok is ok, there are
> always some in the "society" who disagree with the mandates, so which 
> societal mandates make the standard for morality?

Also, what if one feels oneself to be part of more than one society, in a very
real sense?  To use the obvious example, there is a political society, and a
racial society, and a gender society, and sometimes they do not always agree on
every issue...

>  >>
>>>2)How do "they" define what is acceptable?
> 
>>Generally by what they "feel" is right, which is the most idiotic policy I can
>>think of.
> 
> So what should be the basis? Unfortunately I have to admit to being tied at 
> least loosely to the "feeling", in that I think we intuitively know some things
> to be wrong.  Awfully hard to defend, though.


Yes.  Perhaps with an infamous "do what you want so long as it doesn't hurt
others?"  The problem with this is that it is merely saying what you CAN do: it
is not a morality in that it doesn't propound any specifically preferred
behaviours.

>>>
>>>3)How do we keep from a "whatever is legal is what is "moral" "position?
> 
>>By thinking for ourselves.
> 
> I might agree here.  Just because certain actions are legal does not make them
> "moral".

I'll add a hearty "me two".  However, one could just as well say just because
certain actions are moral does not make them legal: one still doesn't really
get an impression of which one is truly "right".


>>>
>>>MAC
>>>--
>>>****************************************************************
>>>                                                    Michael A. Cobb
>>> "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
>>>    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
>>>          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
>>>                                              
>>>With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar 
> deficits.
> 
> --
> ****************************************************************
>                                                     Michael A. Cobb
>  "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
>     class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
>           -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
>                                               
> Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton


best regards,

********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
* (612) 696-7521		   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In article <C5sA29.14s@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
> I guess I'm delving into a religious language area.  What exactly is morality 
> or morals?  

I hope there is not one- with a subject like this you just have a spiral.  What
would then be a morality of a morality of morals.  Labels don't make arguments. 
One really needs a solid measuring stick by which most actions can be
interpreted, even though this would hardly seem moral.  For example "The best
thing for me is to ensure that I will eat and drink enough.  Hence all actions
must be weighed against this one statement."  whatever helps this goal is
"moral", whatever does not is "immoral"

Of course this leads such a blank space: there are so many different ways to
fulfill a goal, one would need a "hyper-morality" to apply to just the methods.

>I never thought of eating meat to be moral or immoral, but I think
> it could be.  How do we differentiate between not doing something because it is
> a personal choice or preference and not doing something because we see it as 
> immoral?  Do we fall to what the basis of these morals are?

Seems to me we only consider something moral or immoral if we stop to think
about it long enough  :)  On the other hand, maybe it is our first gut
reaction...  Which?  Who knows: perhaps here we have a way to discriminate
morals.  I don't instinctively thing vegetarianism is right (the same way I
instinctively feel torture is wrong), but if I thought about it long enough and
listened to the arguments, I could perhaps reason that it was wrong (is that
possible!?  :) )  See the difference?

> 
> Also, consensus positions fall to a might makes right.  Or, as you brought out,
> if whatever is right is what is societally mandated then whoever is in control
> at the time makes what is right
> 
> MC
> MAC
> --
> ****************************************************************
>                                                     Michael A. Cobb
>  "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
>     class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
>           -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
>                                               
> Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton
-- 


best regards,

--Adam

********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
* (612) 696-7521		   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: Societal basis for morality

In article <C5sAD7.1DM@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
> In <1993Apr20.004119.6119@cnsvax.uwec.edu> nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye) 
> writes:
> 
>>[reply to cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)]
>> 
>>>If morals come from what is societally accepted, why follow that? What
>>>right do we have to expect others to follow our notion of societally
>>>mandated morality?  Pardon the extremism, but couldn't I murder your
>>>"brother" and say that I was exercising my rights as I saw them, was
>>>doing what felt good, didn't want anyone forcing their morality on me,
>>>or I don't follow your "morality" ?
>> 
>>I believe that morality is subjective.  Each person is entitled to his
>>own moral attitudes.  Mine are not a priori more correct than someone
>>elses.  This does not mean however that I must judge another on the
>>basis of his rather than my moral standards.  While he is entitled to
>>believe what his own moral sense tells him, the rest of society is
>>entitled to pass laws spelling out punishments for behavior that is
>>offensive to the majority.
> 
> Why? How? Might makes right? How can they force their morality on me? Why 
> can't I do what I want? Who are they to decide? What if I disagree? 


Well I agree with you in the sense that they have no "moral" right to inflict
these rules, but there is one thing I might add: at the very least, almost
everybody wants to avoid pain, and if that means sacrificing some stuff for a
herd morality, then so be it.  

>> 
>>Most criminals do not see their behavior as moral.  The may realize that
>>it is immoral and not care.  They are thus not following their own moral
>>system but being immoral.
> 
> Good point, but it is being immoral in our opinion.  We don't let them choose,
> we make the decision that their actions are wrong for them.

Right, and since they grew up and learned around us, they have some idea of our
right and wrong, which I think must, in part, be incorporated.  Very rarely do
you see criminal behaviour for "philosophical reasons"


> 
>   For someone to lay claim to an alternative
>>moral system, he must be sincere in his belief in it and it must be
>>internally consistent.  Some sociopaths lack an innate moral sense
> 
> I admit to lean toward the idea of an innate moral sense, but have little basis
> for it as of yet.  How far can such a concept be extended?
> 

(stuff deleted)

> Do you mean that we could say it would be wrong for us to do such a thing but 
> not him.  After all, he was behaving morally in his own eyes and doing what he
> chose.  On what basis do we condemn other societies besides, here's the buzz 
> words, on the idea that there are some actions wrong for all humans in all 
> societies?
> 
>>   Holding that morality is subjective does not mean
>>that we must excuse the murderer.
> 
> Why not? Do we have to be objective suddenly?
>> 
>>David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
>>This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
>>must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell
> 
> MAC
> --
> ****************************************************************
>                                                     Michael A. Cobb
>  "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
>     class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
>           -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
>                                               
> Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton
-- 

best regards,

--Adam

********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
* (612) 696-7521		   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <healta.161.735350336@saturn.wwc.edu> healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:

>You should wear your nicest boxer shorts and bring plenty of SPF 45+ 
>sunscreen.  I'll grab my bathing suit, towerl and some veggie hotdogs and we 
>can have bonfire cookout!!
>Does that sound good enough to you, Dean?
>EVERY a.a poster is invited!!!

	Is there room for nudists? After all, if you believe most upstanding
moral churches, nudity IS a sin...



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
		
		"My sole intention was learning to fly."

From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <735295730.25282@minster.york.ac.uk>, cjhs@minster.york.ac.uk writes:
> : Are you saying that their was a physical Adam and Eve, and that all
> : humans are direct decendents of only these two human beings.?  Then who
> : were Cain and Able's wives?  Couldn't be their sisters, because A&E
> : didn't have daughters.  Were they non-humans?
> 
> Genesis 5:4
> 
> and the days of Adam after he begat Seth were eight hundred years, and
> he begat sons and daughters:
> 
> Felicitations -- Chris Ho-Stuart


It is still incestuous.... :)



--Adam "What happened to my sig?"  Cooper

From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: TEST: IGNORE

TEST-- 



================================================================================
| Adam John Cooper	|	"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings |
| (612) 696-7521	|	   who thought themselves good simply because  |
| acooper@macalstr.edu	|			they had no claws."	       |
================================================================================
| "Understand one another?  I fear I am beyond your comprehension." --Gandalf  |
================================================================================

From: mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and anarchists

In article <timmbake.735294667@mcl> timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
>mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu writes:
>
>>The line about atheists haveing something up their sleeves is what seemed
>>to imply that.  Sorry, been reading too much on the CLIPPER project lately,
>>and the paranoia over there may have seeped in some.
>
>;)  What is the CLIPPER project BTW?

The CLIPPER initiative is an announcement by Clinton that all the 
"secure" voice phones will use the same crypto chip, as a de-facto
government standard.  Problem is, the government is admitting that
they hold the keys to break the code easily, and the Justice department
will be using the keys to listen in on "illegal activities."  Many
people are really scared about such an initiative because it is
a major step towards outlawing real crypto protection on things
like email if you read the press release.  The project was developed
by NSA and given to NIST.  It uses two keys S1 and S2 that the
government claims are needed to break the code.  They claim that
these keys will be handed to two different companies, and when they
get a warrant to do a wiretap (the chip is nicknamed the wiretap chip),
they have to get the keys from both companies.  People have poked holes
through and through the press release official version and shown how
it is nowhere near as nice as it sounds, and I have given the simplified
version.  People over on sci.crypt are really scared about this
proposal it seems.
-- 
***************************************************************************
* mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu * Never program and drink beer at the same *
* M^2                          *  time.  It doesn't work.                 *
***************************************************************************

From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: THE POPE IS JEWISH!

>DATE:   Tue, 20 Apr 1993 18:13:09 GMT
>FROM:   R. Bruce Rakes <bruce@cortex.dixie.com>
>
>mcgoy@unicorn.acs.ttu.edu (David McGaughey) writes:
>
>>I always thought that the Pope was a bear.
>
>>You know, because of that little saying:
>
>>Does a bear shit in the woods?
>>Is the Pope Catholic?
>
>>There MUST be SOME connection between those two lines!
>
>And I always heard it:
>
>Is the bear Catholic?
>Does the pope ????
>
>Oh nevermind!
>-- 
>R. Bruce Rakes, Software Systems Manager
>Elekta Instruments, Inc.  8 Executive Park W, Suite 809, Atlanta, GA 30329
>Voice:(404)315-1225 FAX:(404)315-7850 email: bruce@elekta.com
> 

Anyone from Alabama knows it should be:

Is "The Bear" Catholic?
Does a Pope shit in the woods?

The Pope may not be a bear, but "The Bear" is a god.
(Paul "Bear" Bryant,  Football coach/god,  University of Alabama.)



From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma


tgk@cs.toronto.edu (Todd Kelley) writes:
>In light of what happened in Waco, I need to get something of my
>chest.
>
>Faith and dogma are dangerous.  
>
>Religion inherently encourages the implementation of faith and dogma, and
>for that reason, I scorn religion.

I don't necessarily disagree with your assertion, but I disagree with
your reasoning.  (Faith = Bad.  Dogma = Bad.  Religion -> (Faith ^ Dogma).
Religion -> (Bad ^ Bad).  Religion -> Bad.)  Unfortunately, you never 
state why faith and dogma are dangerous.  

If you believe faith and dogma are dangerous because of what happened in
Waco, you are missing the point.  

The Branch Davidians made the mistake of confusing the message with the
messenger.  They believed Koresh was a prophet, and therefore believed
everything he said.  The problem wasn't the religion, it was the 
followers.  They didn't die because of faith and dogma, they died because
of their zealotry (or, in the case of the children, the zealotry of their
parents).

>I have expressed this notion in the past.  Some Christians debated
>with me whether Christianity leaves any room for reasoning.  I claimed
>rationality is quelled out of Christianity by faith and dogma.

So Christians are totally irrational?  Irrational with respect to their
religion only?  What are you saying?  One's belief in a Christian God does
not make one totally irrational.  I think I know what you were getting at,
but I'd rather hear you expand on the subject.


>A philosopher cannot be a Christian because a philosopher can change his mind,
>whereas a Christian cannot, due to the nature of faith and dogma present
>in any religion.

Again, this statement is too general.  A Christian is perfectly capable of
being a philosopher, and absolutely capable of changing his/her mind.  Faith in
God is a belief, and all beliefs may change.  Would you assert that atheists
would make poor philosophers because they are predisposed to not believe in a
God which, of course, may show unfair bias when studying, say, religion?




>I claimed that a ``Christian philosopher'' is not a Christian,
>but is a person whose beliefs at the moment correspond with those
>of Christianity. Consider that a person visiting or guarding a prison
>is not a prisoner, unless you define a prisoner simply to be someone
>in a prison.
>Can we define a prisoner to be someone who at the moment is in a prison?
>Can we define a Christian to be someone who at the moment has Christian
>beliefs?  No, because if a person is free to go, he is not a prisoner.
>Similarly, if a person is not constrained by faith and dogma, he is not
>a Christian.

So, Christianity is a prison, eh?  Ever heard of parole?  You have read far
too much into this subject.  A Christian is one who follows the religion
based on the teachings of a man named Jesus Christ.  Nowhere does this
definition imply that one cannot change one's mind.  In prison, however,
you can't just decide to leave.  One is voluntary, the other is not.  The
two are not compatible.


>Religion is like the gun that doesn't kill anybody.  Religion encourages
>faith and dogma and although it doesn't directly condemn people,
>it encourages the use of ``just because'' thinking.  It is
>``just because'' thinking that kills people.

I prefer to think of religion as a water pistol filled with urine. 8^)
Seriously, though, some (but certainly not all) religions do condemn
groups of people.  The common target is the "infidel," a curious being
who is alternately an atheist, a non-<insert specific religious
affiliation here>, a person of a different race, or an Egyptian. 8^)

Please explain how "just because" thinking kills people.  (And please
state more in your answer than "Waco.")


>Of course, not all humans are capable of thought, and we'd still
>have genocide and maybe even some mass suicide...but not as much.
>I'm willing to bet on that.

I'll see your conscientious peacenik and raise you a religious 
zealot with bad acne. 8^)  By the way, I wasn't aware mass suicide
was a problem.  Waco and Jonestown were isolated incidents.  
Mass suicides are far from common.

-- 
---                      __  _______                              ---
||| Kevin Marshall       \ \/ /_  _/  Computer Science Department |||
||| Virginia Tech         \  / / /     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu |||
--- Blacksburg, Virginia   \/ /_/                  (703) 232-6529 ---

From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Church o' Satan (was Re: islamic authority [sic] over women)

David.Rice@ofa123.fidonet.org writes:
 
>who: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
>what: <1q7kc3$2dj@csugrad.cs.vt.edu>
 
>KM> "Yeah, hilarious. Satanists believe Satan is a god, but not
>KM> the only god. Satan is a part of Christian mythology.
>KM> Therefore, one cannot reasonably worship Satan without
>KM> acknowledging the existence of a Christian god. Satanists
>KM> see Satan as their master, and they see God and Satan as 
>KM> adversaries of similar power. Satanists believe in the
>KM> eventual overthrow of God and a transfer of all power to
>KM> their master. Kevin Marshall"
> 
>A great many Satanists DO NOT believe in Satan. Some do, some
>don't. I'd go so far as to assert that most "orthodox" Satanists
>do not worship Satan (Church of Satan, etc.) but rather "worship"
>self. To hear LaVey say it, only idiots and fools believe in Satan
>and or Allah. He knew that suckers are born every minute.
>
>--- Maximus 2.01wb

Anton LaVey's interpretation of Satanism has always puzzled me.  I
read his "Satanic Bible" a few years ago for a social studies project,
as well as a book by Arthur Lyons called "The Cult of Devil Worship
in America."  The latter included a very interesting interview with
the Black Pope in which he did indeed say that Satan was merely an
instrument for one to realize the self.  

When I refer to Satanism, I am referring to the mishmash of rural Satanic
ritualism and witchcraft which existed before the Church of Satan.  I
don't consider LaVey's church to be at all "orthodox," nor do I consider
its followers "satanists."  LaVey combined the philosophies of Nietzsche,
Crowley, and Reich, slapped in some religious doctrine, added a little
touch of P.T. Barnum, and christened his creation the Church of Satan.
No doubt the title was a calculated attempt to attract attention...I
suppose he could have just as easily called it the Church of Free Sex.

At any rate, it worked (for a while).  In its heyday, the Church had a
huge following, including such Hollywood celebrities as Sammy Davis, Jr.
and Jayne Mansfield.  (I have a picture of LaVey with Sammy, by the 
way.)  

I find the idea of a Satanist not believing in Satan about as credible as
a Christian not believing in Christ.  But if you include the Church of
Satan, then I suppose I need to alter my definition.  Webster's Dictionary
and The American Heritage Dictionary will have to do the same.
-- 
---                      __  _______                              ---
||| Kevin Marshall       \ \/ /_  _/  Computer Science Department |||
||| Virginia Tech         \  / / /     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu |||
--- Blacksburg, Virginia   \/ /_/                  (703) 232-6529 ---

From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?

In article <EDM.93Apr20145436@gocart.twisto.compaq.com> edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary) writes:
>
>While we're on the topic of books, has anyone else noticed that Paine's
>"The Age of Reason" is hard to find.  I've been wanting to pick up
>a copy for a while, but not bad enough to mail order it.  I've noticed
>though that none of the bookstores I go to seem to carry it.  I thought
>this was supposed to be classic.  What's the deal?
>--

  Me too.  Our local used book store is the second largest on the
  West Coast, and I couldn't find a copy there.  I guess atheists
  hold their bibles in as much esteem as the theists.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

In article <1qu485$58o@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> In article <1qkovl$k@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> #
|> #False dichotomy.  You claimed the killing were *not* religiously
|> #motivated, and I'm saying that's wrong.   I'm not saying that
|> #each and every killing is religiously motivate, as I spelled out
|> #in detail.
|> 
|> Which killings do you say are religously motivated?

For example, I would claim that the recent assassination of four
catholic construction workers who had no connection with the IRA
was probably religously motivated.

|> At the time
|> of writing, I think that someone who claims the current violence is
|> motivated by religion is reaching.

What would you call is when someone writes "The killings in N.I 
are not religously motivated?"

|> Now, it's possible to argue that 
|> religion *in the past* is a major contributing factor to the violence in
|> the present, but I don't know of any evidence that this is so - and I'm
|> not enough of a historian to debate it. 

Given that the avowed aim of the IRA is to take Northern Ireland
into a country that has a particular church written into its 
constitution, and which has restriction on civil rights dictated
by that Church, I fail to see why the word "past" is appropriate.


|> #|> #But to claim that "The killings in N.I are not religously 
|> #|> #motivated." is grotesque.   All that means is that the Church
|> #|> #and believers are doing what they always do with history
|> #|> #they can't face: they rewrite it.
|> #|> 
|> #|> You're attacking a different claim.  My claim is that when an IRA
|> #|> terrorist plants a bomb in Warrington s/he does not have as a motive 
|> #|> the greater glory of God. 
|> #
|> #Sorry, Frank, but what I put in quotes is your own words from your
|> #posting <1qi83b$ec4@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>.  Don't tell us now that 
|> #it's a different claim.   If you can no longer stand behind your 
|> #original claim, just say so.
|> 
|> I mean the same thing when I say "The killings in N.I. are not religously
|> motivated" as I do when I say when a terrorist plants a bomb s/he
|> doesn't have a religious motive.  The example is meant to clarify, not
|> to be a new claim.  The "different claim" to which I refer is the claim
|> which you were seemingly attacking in the previous post, namely that religion 
|> is not a major historical cause of the present violence.  I don't assert 
|> that, nor do I assert its opposite.

You don't have to hand us a bunch of double-talk about what
I was "seemingly" attacking.   I *quoted* what I was attacking.

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <1993Apr19.121340.3133@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
|> In <1qi191$jkj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> My understanding is that UK blasphemy laws (yes, they exist in the UK,
|> although they are little-used) apply only to _Anglican_ Christianity.
|> 
|> How does this fit in with your claim that there is no state religion in 
|> the UK?

Why don't you ask the approx. two million British Muslims who break
it five times a day and have never ever been prosecuted under it?

Then ask how easy it is to hold a Christian church service in Saudi
Arabia.

jon.

Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?
From: sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed)

In article <1r1cl7INNknk@bozo.dsinc.com> perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:
>Anyway, since I seem to be the only one following this particular line
>of discussion, I wonder how many of the rest of the readership have
>read this book?  What are your thoughts on it?  

I read it when it first came out, and the controversy broke. Put my name
on the waiting list at the library (that way if the book was really
offensive, none of my money would find its way to the author or
publisher), and read it, "cover to cover" (to use a phrase that seems
popular here right now).

And I *liked* it. The writing style was a little hard to get used to, but
it was well worth the effort. Coming from a similar background (Rushdie
grew up in Bombay in a muslim family, and moved to England; I grew up in
New Delhi), it made a strong impression on me.  (And he used many of the
strange constructions of Indian English: the "yaar" at the end of a
sentence, "Butbutbut," the occasional hindi phrase, etc.)

At the time I still "sorta-kinda" thought of myself as a muslim, and I
couldn't see what the flap was all about. It seemed clear to me that this
was allegory.  It was clear that he described some local prostitutes who
took on the names and personae of Muhammed's wives, and had not (as my
grandfather thundered) implied that Muhammed's wives were prostitutes; in
short, every angry muslim that had read even part of the book seemed to
have missed the point completely.  (And I won't mention the fact that the
most militant of them had never even seen the book. Oops, I just did!)

Perhaps in a deep sense, the book is insulting to Islam, because it
exposes the silliness of revealed religion - why does an omnipotent deity
need an agent? She can come directly to me, can't she? How do we know that
Muhammed didn't just go out into the desert and smoke something? And how
do we know that the scribes he dictated the Quran to didn't screw up, or
put in their own little verses? And why can Muhammed marry more than four
women, when no other muslim is allowed to? (Although I think the biggest
insult to Islam is that the majority of its followers would want to
suppress a book, sight unseen, on the say-so of some "holy" guy. Not to
mention murder the author.)

>Over the years, when I have made this point, various primarily muslim
>posters have responded, saying that yes indeed they have read the book
>and had called it such things as "filth and lies", "I would rank
>Rushdie's book with Hitler's Mein Kempf or worse", and so on.

I had much the same response when I tried to talk about the book. A really
silly argument - after all, how many of these same people have read "Mein
Kampf?" It just made me wonder - what are they afraid of? Why don't they
just read the book and decide for themselves?

Maybe the reaction of the muslim community to the book, and the absence of
protest from the "liberal" muslims to Khomeini's fatwa outrage, was the
final push I needed into atheism!

-s
--
  Shamim Mohamed / {uunet,noao,cmcl2..}!arizona!shamim / shamim@cs.arizona.edu
  "Take this cross and garlic; here's a Mezuzah if he's Jewish; a page of the
    Koran if he's a Muslim; and if he's a Zen Buddhist, you're on your own."
   Member of the League for Programming Freedom - write to lpf@uunet.uu.net

From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: The Universe and Black Holes, was Re: 2000 years.....

In article <1993Apr20.154658@IASTATE.EDU>, kv07@IASTATE.EDU (Warren
Vonroeschlaub) wrote:
> 
>   Let's say that we drop a marble into the black hole.  It races, ever faster,
> towards the even horizon.  But, thanks to the curving of space caused by the
> excessive gravity, as the object approaches the event horizon it has further to
> travel.  Integrating the curve gives a time to reach the event horizon of . . 
> infinity.  So the math says that nothing can enter a black hole.

Not true. Only an observer at rest at infinite distance from the black hole
will see the particle take infinite time to reach the horizon. In the
particle's own reference frame, it takes a very finite time to reach the
horizon and the singularity. The math does indeed predict this. Take a look
at Mitchner, Thorne, and Wheeler's _Gravitation_.
> 

Peter Walker

Don't forget to sing:
            They say there's a heaven for those who will wait
                Some say it's better, but I say it ain't
        I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
                     The sinners are much more fun
                         Only the good die young!

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <115793@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> In article <1qla0g$afp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>|> >I hope an Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI, which
>|> >ripped off so many small depositors among the Muslim
>|> >community in the Uk and elsewhere.

>|> Grow up, childish propagandist.

|> 
|> >BBCI was an example of an Islamically owned and operated bank -
|> >what will someone bet me they weren't "real" Islamic owners and
|> >operators?
|> 
|> An Islamic bank is a bank which operates according to the rules
|> of Islam in regard to banking. This is done explicitly by the
|> bank. This was not the case with BCCI.

So now you are saying that an Islamic Bank is something other than
BCCI.

Would you care to explain why it was that when I said  "I hope an 
Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI", you called me a childish 
propagandist.

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr19.124834.5640@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes: 
|> 
|> The difference, as I understand it, is that when one _invests_, one
|> shares in the risk of the venture, whereas when a bank _lends_ money
|> while charging interest, the bank takes little risk.

The entire business of a Bank is the management of risk.   That's
what a Bank is for.   That's what people who work for Banks do.

|> 
|> Something like that anyway (financial stuff ain't my thing).

OK, but in that case why are you posting about it?   What I
hear you saying is "I don't understand this stuff, but if Islam
says it's so, it's so".


jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1qnpe2INN8b0@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >>They spent quite a bit of time on the wording of the Constitution. 
|> >I realise that this is widely held belief in America, but in fact
|> >the clause on cruel and unusual punishments, like a lot of the
|> >rest, was lifted from the English Bill of Rights of 1689.
|> 
|> Just because the wording is elsewhere does not mean they didn't spend
|> much time on the wording.

In the part of the posting you have so helpfully deleted, I 
pointed out that they used the wording from the English Bill of
Rights apparently *changing* what they understood by it, and I
asked why then should we, two hundred years later, be bound by
what Keith Allan Schneider *thinks* they understood by it.

|> 
|> >>We have already looked in the dictionary to define the word.  Isn't 
|> >>this sufficient?
|> >Since the dictionary said that a lack of mercy or an intent to
|> >inflict injury or grief counted as "cruel", sure.
|> 
|> People can be described as cruel in this way, but punishments cannot.

So one cannot say "a cruel fate"?

Your prevarications are getting increasingly unconvincing, I think.

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1993Apr17.041535.7472@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
|> In article <1qnedm$a91@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> >In article <1ql8mdINN674@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> >|> They spent quite a bit of time on the wording of the Constitution. 
|> >
|> >I realise that this is widely held belief in America, but in fact
|> >the clause on cruel and unusual punishments, like a lot of the
|> >rest, was lifted from the English Bill of Rights of 1689.
|> 
|> According to Jerry Mander's _In the Absence of the Sacred_ (good
|> book, BTW), the Great Binding Law of the Iroquois Confederacy
|> also played a significant role as a model for the U.S. Constitution.
|> Furthermore, apparently Marx and Engels were strongly influenced
|> by a study of Iroquois society, using it as the prime example of
|> a successful, classless, egalitarian, noncoercive society.  Mander
|> goes on to say that both the U.S. and the U.S.S.R. would do well
|> to study the original document, figure out where each went wrong,
|> and try to get it right next time.

That's fascinating.   I heard that the Chinese, rather than
the Italians, invented pasta.

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1qnp13INN816@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >Perhaps the chimps that failed to evolve cooperative behaviour
|> >died out, and we are left with the ones that did evolve such
|> >behaviour, entirely by chance.
|> 
|> That's the entire point!

No, that's the point of evolution, not the point of "natural
morality".   Unless, of course, as I have suggested several
times already, "natural morality" is just a renaming.

|> 
|> >Are you going to proclaim a natural morality every time an
|> >organism evolves cooperative behaviour?
|> 
|> Yes!
|> 
|> Natural morality is a morality that developed naturally.

But your "yes?" is actually stronger than this.    You are
agreeing that "every time an organism evolves cooperative 
behaviour" you are going to call it a "natural morality."

> >What about the natural morality of bee dance?
>
> Huh?

Bee dance is a naturally developed piece of cooperative behaviour.

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1993Apr17.080321.18675@daffy.cs.wisc.edu>, mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
|> In article <1ql9a6$afp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> >In article <1ql0ajINN2kj@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> >|> Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
|> >|> as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.
|> >
|> >Ah, the verb "to must".   I was warned about that one back
|> >in Kindergarten.
|> >
|> >So, why "must" they have such laws?
|> >
|> >jon.
|> Hey, must is a verb in some languages.  Just happens it is only a modifier
|> in English.  But, the verb of the sentence is to have.  This is modified
|> by "must".  

I know that "must" is a verb in some languages.   I'm complaining
about the assertion containing the word must.

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

In article <66615@mimsy.umd.edu>, mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
|> Jon Livesey writes:
|> 
|> |> What I said was that people took time to *copy* *the* *text* correctly.
|> |> Translations present completely different issues.
|>
|> 
|> >So why do I read in the papers that the Qumram texts had "different
|> >versions" of some OT texts.   Did I misunderstand?
|> 
|> Reading newspapers to learn about this kind of stuff is not the best idea in
|> the world.  Newspaper reporters are notoriously ignorant on the subject of
|> religion, and are prone to exaggeration in the interests of having a "real"
|> story (that is, a bigger headline).
|> 
|> Let's back up to 1935.  At this point, we have the Masoretic text, the
|> various targums (translations/commentaries in aramaic, etc.), and the
|> Septuagint, the ancient greek translation.  The Masoretic text is the
|> standard Jewish text and essentially does not vary.  In some places it has
|> obvious corruptions, all of which are copied faithfully from copy to copy.
|> These passages in the past were interpreted by reference to the targums and
|> to the Septuagint.

So when they took the time to *copy* *the* *text* correctly, that includes
"obvious corruptions?"

|> 
|> Now, the septuagint differs from the masoretic text in two particulars:
|> first, it includes additional texts, and second, in some passages there are
|> variant readings from the masoretic text (in addition to "fixing"/predating
|> the various corrupted passages).  It must be emphasized that, to the best of
|> my knowledge, these variations are only signifcant to bible scholars, and
|> have little theological import.

So when they took the time to *copy* *the* *text* correctly, that does not
exclude "variant readings from the masoretic text" which are "of little 
theological import"

|> 
|> The dead sea scroll materials add to this an ancient *copy* of almost all of
|> Isaiah and fragments of various sizes of almost all other OT books.  There
|> is also an abundance of other material, but as far as I know, there is no
|> sign there of any hebrew antecdent to the apocrypha (the extra texts in the
|> septuagint).  As far as analysis has proceeded, there are also variations
|> between the DSS texts and the masoretic versions.  These tend to reflect the
|> septuagint, where the latter isn't obviously in error.  Again, though, the
|> differences (thus far) are not significant theologically.  There is this big
|> expectation that there are great theological surprises lurking in the
|> material, but so far this hasn't happened.
|> 
|> The DSS *are* important because there is almost no textual tradition in the
|> OT, unlike for the NT.

Hey, you're the expert.

jon.

From: danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <ofp1qP600VpdINppwh@andrew.cmu.edu> Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu> writes:
>timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
>> There lies the hypocrisy, dude.  Atheism takes as much faith as theism.  
>> Admit it!
>
>Besides... not believing in a god means one doesn't have to deal with all
>of the extra baggage that comes with it!  This leaves a person feeling
>wonderfully free, especially after beaten over the head with it for years!
>I agree that religion and belief is often an important psychological healer
>for many people and for that reason I think it's important.  However,
>trying to force a psychological fantasy (I don't mean that in a bad way,
>but that's what it really is) on someone else who isn't interested is
>extremely rude.  What if I still believed in Santa Claus and said that my

It should be noted that belief in God is in itself no more a behavoral
imperative than lack of belief. It is religion which causes the harm,
not the belief in God.  
 
Dan


From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

In article <1r1mr8$eov@aurora.engr.LaTech.edu>, ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill Ray) writes:
>Todd Kelley (tgk@cs.toronto.edu) wrote:
>: Faith and dogma are dangerous.  
>
>Faith and dogma are inevitable.  Christians merely understand and admit
>to the fact.  Give me your proof that no God exists, or that He does.  
>Whichever position you take, you are forced to do it on faith.  It does
>no good to say you take no position, for to show no interest in the 
>existence of God is to assume He does not exist.
>

[...stuff deleted...]

As many posters have said in as many posts lately, this is just
not true.  For to show no interest in the existence of god takes no
faith at all.  You make the presumption that the _knowledge_ of the 
_possibility_ of something is enough to require faith to render 
that possibilty of no interest.  It is a very different thing to say
that you don't believe something than it is to say that you don't
have sufficent reason to believe something is even interesting to 
think about.  It's not either or.  Sometimes is just something else
more interesting that occupies your mind.  

I agree that faith and dogma are inevitable, but not necessarily
applied to god and religion.  It takes both faith and dogma to
expect the sun to come up every morning, but there is overwhelming
reason every single day, day in and day out, for _everyone_ to put 
his faith and dogma there.  Not so with the christian religion.

-- 
 jim halat         halat@bear.com     
bear-stearns       --whatever doesn't kill you will only serve to annoy you--
   nyc             i speak only for myself

From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4949@eastman.UUCP>, dps@nasa.kodak.com (Dan Schaertel,,,)
wrote:
> 
> In article 11853@vice.ICO.TEK.COM, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
> |>
> |>  Yet I am still not a believer.  Is god not concerned with my
> |>  disposition?  Why is it beneath him to provide me with the
> |>  evidence I would require to believe?  The evidence that my
> |>  personality, given to me by this god, would find compelling?
> 
> The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
> But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
> you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
> love you.    

I wouldn't punish him with eternal torture if he didn't love me. But then
I;m a decent chap. It seems your god isn't.

> The responsibility is on you to love God and take a step toward
> Him.  He promises to be there for you, but you have to look for yourself.

I've looked, and he wasn't. Another promise broken.

> Those who doubt this or dispute it have not givin it a sincere effort.

Lying bastard! How  do you know what effort I have and have not given? 

> Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
> that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
> Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
> the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
> know more than you do now.   To learn you must accept that which
> you don't know.

Can anyone eaplain what he's just said here?

Peter

Don't forget to sing:
            They say there's a heaven for those who will wait
                Some say it's better, but I say it ain't
        I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
                     The sinners are much more fun
                         Only the good die young!

From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <C5s9zM.9E0@cbnewsj.cb.att.com>, decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com
(dean.kaflowitz) wrote:
> 
> In article <C5LH4p.27K@portal.hq.videocart.com>, dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
> > JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu () writes:
> > : YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
> > : PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
> > 
> >   What do you mean "be prepared" ?? Surrounded by thumpers like yourself
> > has proven to be hellish enough . . . and I'm not even dead yet !!
> 
> Well here's how I prepared.  I got one of those big beach
> umbrellas, some of those gel-pack ice things, a big Coleman cooler
> which I've loaded up with Miller Draft (so I like Miller Draft,
> so sue me), a new pair of New Balance sneakers, a Sony
> Watchman, and a couple of cartons of BonTon Cheddar Cheese
> Popcorn.
> 
> I haven't decided what to wear yet.  What does one wear to an
> eternal damnation?
> 
> Dean Kaflowitz

Dress casual. Only in heaven is there a dress code (black tie and
self-important expression)

Don't forget to sing:
            They say there's a heaven for those who will wait
                Some say it's better, but I say it ain't
        I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
                     The sinners are much more fun
                         Only the good die young!

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1993Apr19.112008.26198@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
|> In <1qi3fc$jkj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >In article <1993Apr14.110209.7703@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
|> >>
|> >> Some here on alt.atheism think that by condemning the actions 
|> >> of some of those who call themselves Muslims, they are condemning 
|> >> Islam.
|> 
|> >Do you read minds, Mr Rice?   You know what posters think now,
|> >not just what they write?
|> 
|> >For myself, I only have what people are posting here to go on,
|> >and that's what I am commenting on.
|> 
|> I think you may have misunderstood me.
|> 
|> I mean that one does not really criticize _Islam_ necessarily by
|> bringing Khomeini etc. into the argument, for whether he is or is not
|> following Islam has to be determined by examining his actions against
|> Islamic teachings.  Islamic teachings are contained in the Qur'an and
|> hadiths (reported sayings and doings of the Prophet).

That's funny, I thought you were making a statement about what
people think.    In fact, I see it quoted up there.

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1993Apr19.112008.26198@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
|> 
|> By the way, Jon, I found a reference to my claim that the percentage of
|> the population that suffers from depression has been increasing this
|> century (as you requested).  I will start a new heading ("thread") to
|> post it under.

Cool, then we can discuss the increase in radio and TV use, 
the increase in the use of fossil fuels, the increase in air 
travel, and consumption of processed bread, and you can
instruct us on which of them causes increased depression.

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1qugin$9tf@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> In article <1qkogg$k@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|>
|> #And in that area, what you care about is whether someone is sceptical,
|> #critical and autonomous on the one hand, or gullible, excitable and
|> #easily led on the other.
|> 
|> Indeed I may.  And one may be an atheist and also be gullible, excitable
|> and easily led.
|> 
|> #I would say that a tendency to worship tyrants and ideologies indicates
|> #that a person is easily led.   Whether they have a worship or belief 
|> #in a supernatural hero rather than an earthly one seems to me to be
|> #beside the point.
|> 
|> Sure.  But whether or not they are atheists is what we are discussing,
|> not whether they are easily led.  

Not if you show that these hypothetical atheists are gullible, excitable
and easily led from some concrete cause.   In that case we would also
have to discuss if that concrete cause, rather than atheism, was the
factor that caused their subsequent behaviour.

jon. 

From: tgk@cs.toronto.edu (Todd Kelley)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall) <1r2eba$hsq@csugrad.cs.vt.edu>
wrote:
>I don't necessarily disagree with your assertion, but I disagree with
>your reasoning.  (Faith = Bad.  Dogma = Bad.  Religion -> (Faith ^ Dogma).
>Religion -> (Bad ^ Bad).  Religion -> Bad.)  Unfortunately, you never 
>state why faith and dogma are dangerous.  

Faith and dogma are dangerous because they cause people to act on
faith alone, which by its nature is without justification.  That
is what I mean by the word ``faith'': belief without justification, or
belief with arbitrary justification, or with emotional (irrational)
justification.

For example, when someone says that God exists, that they don't know
why they believe God exists, they can just feel it, that's faith.

Dogma is bad because it precludes positive change in belief based
on new information, or increased mental faculty.
>
>So Christians are totally irrational?  Irrational with respect to their
>religion only?  What are you saying?  One's belief in a Christian God does
>not make one totally irrational.  I think I know what you were getting at,
>but I'd rather hear you expand on the subject.

Faith and dogma are irrational.  The faith and dogma part of any religion
are responsible for the irrationality of the individuals.  I claim that
faith and dogma are the quintessential part of any religion.  If that
makes (the much overused in this context) Buddism a philosophy rather
than a religion, I can live with that.  Science is not a religion,
because there is no faith nor dogma.
>
>>A philosopher cannot be a Christian because a philosopher can change his mind,
>>whereas a Christian cannot, due to the nature of faith and dogma present
>>in any religion.
>
>Again, this statement is too general.  A Christian is perfectly capable of
>being a philosopher, and absolutely capable of changing his/her mind.  Faith in
>God is a belief, and all beliefs may change.  Would you assert that atheists
>would make poor philosophers because they are predisposed to not believe in a
>God which, of course, may show unfair bias when studying, say, religion?

Have you noticed that philosophers tend to be atheists?  If a philosopher
is not an atheist, s/he tends to be called a theologian.

A Christian tends to consider Christianity sacred.  Christianity is
a special set of beliefs, sanctioned by God himself, and therefore,
to conceive of changing those beliefs is to question the existence
of That Being Who Makes No Mistakes.  Faith comes into play.  Dogma
comes into play.  ``The lord works in mysterious ways'' is an example
of faith being used to reconcile evidence that the beliefs are flawed.
Sure, interpretations of what ``God said'' are changed to satisfy the
needs of society, but when God says something, that's it.  It was said,
and that's that.  Since God said it, it is unflawed, even if the
interpretations are flawed.

Science, (as would be practiced by atheists) in contrast, has a
BUILT IN defence against faith and dogma.
A scientist holds sacred the idea that beliefs should change to
suit whatever is the best information available at the time, AND,
*AND*, ****AND***, a scientist understands that any current beliefs
are deficient in some way.  The goal is to keep improving
the beliefs.  The goal is to keep changing the beliefs to reflect
the best information currently available.  That's the only rational
thing to do.  That's good philosophy.

Can you see the difference?  Science views beliefs as being flawed,
and new information can be obtained to improve them.  (How many
scientists would claim to have complete and perfect understanding
of everything?  None---it would put them out of a job!)  Religion
views its beliefs as being perfect, and the interpretations of
those beliefs must be changed as new information is acquired which
conflicts with them.
>
>Please explain how "just because" thinking kills people.  (And please
>state more in your answer than "Waco.")

It's easier for someone to kill a person when s/he doesn't require
a good rational justification of the killing.  I don't consider
``he's Jewish'', or ``he was born of Jewish parents'', or
``this document says he's Jewish'' to be good rational justification.

>By the way, I wasn't aware mass suicide
>was a problem.  Waco and Jonestown were isolated incidents.  
>Mass suicides are far from common.

Clinton and the FBI would love for you to convince them of this.
It would save the US taxpayer a lot of money if you could.

Todd

From: tgk@cs.toronto.edu (Todd Kelley)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

>In  <1r1mr8$eov@aurora.engr.LaTech.edu> ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill Ray)
>wrote:
>
>Faith and dogma are inevitable.  Christians merely understand and admit
>to the fact.  Give me your proof that no God exists, or that He does.  
>Whichever position you take, you are forced to do it on faith.  It does
>no good to say you take no position, for to show no interest in the 
>existence of God is to assume He does not exist.

Consider special relativity.  It hasn't be proved, nor has it been
disproved.  No one has a proof one way or the other, but many people
are interested in it!
 
I've satisfied myself that nothing could indicate absolutely the
existence of God one way or the other.  The two possibilities
are supernaturalism and naturalism.  Of course no set of circumstances can
be inconsistent with supernaturalism, but similarly, no set of circumstances
can be inconsistent with naturalism.  In naturalism, any phenomenon that
could be described as God is considered part of the natural world, to
be studied as any other natural phenomenon (gravity, for instance).  
For example, if a loud ``godlike'' voice vociferously announced, ``I
am God, I exist, and I will prove it by reversing the force of gravity,''
and if then gravity did indeed reverse, a naturalist (probably a scientist)
would say, ``Boy, we sure didn't understand gravity as well as we
thought we did, and that loud voice is something new.  Perhaps we
didn't understand thunder as well as we thought we did either.''

>I contend that proper implementation of the Christian faith requires
>reasoning, but that reasoning cannot be used to throw out things you
>don't like, or find uncomfortable.  Hedonistic sexual behavior is 
>condemned in the Bible and no act of true reason will make it any
>less condemned.  Hatred, murder, gossip; all these are condemned.
>Is there God-ordained murder in the Bible?  You bet, and if God ever
>orders me to kill you, I will.  But I will first use the Gideon-like
>behavior of verifying that God actually ordered the hit, and will 
>probably discuss it in an Abram-like fashion.

I'm sure glad you don't know where I live, since you don't seem
to realize it is impossible for you to distinguish between voices
in your head, and God's voice.

>I can hear you now, this is how Jim Jones and David Koresh justify
>their behavior.  Delusional religious cults bear the same relationship 
>to Christianity that rape bears to consentual sex: form but no substance.
>When the Southern Baptist Church or the Methodist Church begin to do this
>then you have reason to blame mainstream religion for the behaviors of these
>people.  Or should I associate every negative behavior I witness in any
>non-Christian with you?

You seem to have missed my point.  Even if Jim Jones and David Koresh
were not religious people, my point remains that faith and dogma
are dangerous, and religion encourages them.  Jim Jones and David Koresh
also encouraged them.  My point does not rely on Jim Jones and David
Koresh being religious.

Todd

From: danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

In article <1r1mr8$eov@aurora.engr.LaTech.edu> ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill Ray) writes:
>Todd Kelley (tgk@cs.toronto.edu) wrote:
>: Faith and dogma are dangerous.  
>
>Faith and dogma are inevitable.  Christians merely understand and admit
>to the fact.  Give me your proof that no God exists, or that He does.  
>Whichever position you take, you are forced to do it on faith.  It does
>no good to say you take no position, for to show no interest in the 
>existence of God is to assume He does not exist.

Absolutely not true. Without religion - either an established one or
one you invent for yourself - the theist and atheist are equally
(not) interested in God, because without religious revelation there
is _no_ information about God available. Strip away the dogma and
the theists/atheists are no different, simply holding a different
opinion on a matter of little practical importance.

>I contend that proper implementation of the Christian faith requires
>reasoning, but that reasoning cannot be used to throw out things you
>don't like, or find uncomfortable.  Hedonistic sexual behavior is 
>condemned in the Bible and no act of true reason will make it any
>less condemned.  Hatred, murder, gossip; all these are condemned.
>Is there God-ordained murder in the Bible?  You bet, and if God ever
>orders me to kill you, I will.  But I will first use the Gideon-like
>behavior of verifying that God actually ordered the hit, and will 
>probably discuss it in an Abram-like fashion.

Sorry, but that doesn't help. What test will you apply to decide
whether it is God or Satan with whom you are speaking?
How will you know that you have not simply gone insane, or having
delusions? You are like a loaded gun.

>I can hear you now, this is how Jim Jones and David Koresh justify
>their behavior.  Delusional religious cults bear the same relationship 

Ah, you not as stupid as I assumed. :-)

>When the Southern Baptist Church or the Methodist Church begin to do this
>then you have reason to blame mainstream religion for the behaviors of these
>people.  Or should I associate every negative behavior I witness in any
>non-Christian with you?

Yes. We're all in this together - each human making up a small part of
the definition of humanity.

Dan


From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

Benedikt Rosenau (I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de) wrote:

: When the object of their belief is said to be perfect and make the believers
: act in a certain way and we observe that they don't, we have a contradiction.
: Something defined contradictorily cannot exist. That what the believe in does
: not exist. Secondly, there are better explanations for why they believe than
: the existence of the object of their belief.
:  
:  
: Have you read the FAQ already?
:    Benedikt

Benedikt,

I can't recall anyone claiming that God -makes- anyone act a particlar
way, I think that you're attempting to manufacture a contradiction.
God is said to require certain behavior, but the only compulsion is
the believer's sense of duty. A standard of conduct does exist, but we
are free to ignore it or misunderstand it or distort it in whatever
ways we find convenient, but our response to God's edicts can in no
way be used to question God's existence. The behavior of believers is
a completely separate question from that of God's existence; there is
nothing contradictory here.

To say that something defined contadictorily cannot exist, is really
asking too much; you would have existence depend on grammar. All you
can really say is that something is poorly defined, but that in itself
is insufficient to decide anything (other than confusion of course).

Your point that there are better reasons for the phenomenon of belief
than the object of belief may lead to a rat's nest of unnecessary
complexity. I think I know what you're implying, but I'd like to see
your version of this better alternative just the same.

Bill



From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

SCOTT D. SAUYET (SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu) wrote:

: Regardless of people's hidden motivations, the stated reasons for many
: wars include religion.  Of course you can always claim that the REAL
: reason was economics, politics, ethnic strife, or whatever.  But the
: fact remains that the justification for many wars has been to conquer
: the heathens.

: If you want to say, for instance, that economics was the chief cause
: of the Crusades, you could certainly make that point.  But someone
: could come along and demonstrate that it was REALLY something else, in
: the same manner you show that it was REALLY not religion.  You could
: in this manner eliminate all possible causes for the Crusades.
:         

Scott,

I don't have to make outrageous claims about religion's affecting and
effecting history, for the purpsoe of a.a, all I have to do point out
that many claims made here are wrong and do nothing to validate
atheism. At no time have I made any statement that religion was the
sole cause of anything, what I have done is point out that those who
do make that kind of claim are mistaken, usually deliberately. 

To credit religion with the awesome power to dominate history is to
misunderstand human nature, the function of religion and of course,
history. I believe that those who distort history in this way know
exaclty what they're doing, and do it only for affect.

Bill

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

James Felder (spbach@lerc.nasa.gov) wrote:

: Logic alert -  argument from incredulity.  Just because it is hard for you 
: to believe this doesn't mean that it isn't true.  Liars can be very pursuasive
: just look at Koresh that you yourself cite.

This is whole basis of a great many here rejecting the Christian
account of things. In the words of St. Madalyn Murrey-O'Hair, "Face it
folks, it's just silly ...". Why is it okay to disbelieve because of
your incredulity if you admit that it's a fallacy?

Bill

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:
: In article <11838@vice.ICO.TEK.COM>, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert
: Beauchaine) wrote:
: >   Someone spank me if I'm wrong, but didn't Lord, Liar, or Lunatic
: >   originate with C.S. Lewis?  Who's this Campollo fellow anyway?

: I do think so, and isn't there a clear connection with the "I do
: believe, because it is absurd" notion by one of the original
: Christians (Origen?).

There is a similar statement attributed to Anselm, "I believe so that
I may understand". In both cases reason is somewhat less exalted than
anyone posting here could accept, which means that neither statement
can be properly analysed in this venue.

Bill



From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

Ed McCreary (edm@twisto.compaq.com) wrote:
: >>>>> On 16 Apr 93 05:10:18 GMT, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) said:

: RB> In article <ofnWyG600WB699voA=@andrew.cmu.edu> pl1u+@andrew.cmu.edu (Patrick C Leger) writes:
: >EVER HEAR OF
: >BAPTISM AT BIRTH?  If that isn't preying on the young, I don't know what
: >is...
: >
: RB>   
: RB>   No, that's praying on the young.  Preying on the young comes
: RB>   later, when the bright eyed little altar boy finds out what the
: RB>   priest really wears under that chasible.

Does this statement further the atheist cause in some way, surely it's
not intended as wit ...

Bill

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:


: > This is a good point, but I think "average" people do not take up Christianity
: > so much out of fear or escapism, but, quite simply, as a way to improve their
: > social life, or to get more involved with American culture, if they are kids of
: > immigrants for example.  Since it is the overwhelming major religion in the
: > Western World (in some form or other), it is simply the choice people take if
: > they are bored and want to do something new with their lives, but not somethong
: > TOO new, or TOO out of the ordinary.  Seems a little weak, but as long as it
: > doesn't hurt anybody...

: The social pressure is indeed a very important factor for the majority
: of passive Christians in our world today. In the case of early Christianity
: the promise of a heavenly afterlife, independent of your social status,
: was also a very promising gift (reason slaves and non-Romans accepted
: the religion very rapidly).

If this is a hypothetical proposition, you should say so, if it's
fact, you should cite your sources. If all this is the amateur
sociologist sub-branch of a.a however, it would suffice to alert the
unwary that you are just screwing around ...

Bill

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Nicknames

Maddi Hausmann (madhaus@netcom.com) wrote:
: jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only) writes: >

: >We could start with those posters who annoy us the most, like Bobby or
: >Bill.

: Your wish is my command.

: Bill "Shit-stirrer" Connor
: Bobby "Circular" Mozumder

I'm not sure my new nom d'net is exactly appropriate, but it comes
very close. Considering what I have to wade through before I make one
of my insightful, dead-on-the-money repsonses, I have to agree that
something's getting stirred up. I would like to believe my
characterization of what I respond to would be kinder though, but if
you insist ...

I am also surprised to find that I have offended anyone, but in some
cases it's unavoidable if I am to say anything at all. For those to
whom fairness is important, check out my contributions, haven't I been
most generous and patient, a veritable paragon of gentility?

Oh, BTW, I don't mind being paired with Bobby; I admire his tenacity.
How many of you would do as well in this hostile environment - you
think -I'm- offensive ?! read your own posts ...

Love and kisses,

Bill

P.S.

My name is Conner, not Connor. No point in humiliating the innocents.



From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

Keith M. Ryan (kmr4@po.CWRU.edu) wrote:

: 	Nice cop out bill.

I'm sure you're right, but I have no idea to what you refer. Would you
mind explaining how I copped out?

Bill

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

This is fascinating. Atheists argue for abortion, defend homosexuality
as a means of population control, insist that the only values are
biological and condemn war and capital punishment. According to
Benedikt, if something is contardictory, it cannot exist, which in
this case means atheists I suppose.
I would like to understand how an atheist can object to war (an
excellent means of controlling population growth), or to capital
punishment, I'm sorry but the logic escapes me.
And why just capital punishment, what is being questioned here, the
propriety of killing or of punishment? What is the basis of the
ecomplaint?

Bill


From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution

Robert Singleton (bobs@thnext.mit.edu) wrote:

: > Sure it isn't mutually exclusive, but it lends weight to (i.e. increases
: > notional running estimates of the posterior probability of) the 
: > atheist's pitch in the partition, and thus necessarily reduces the same 
: > quantity in the theist's pitch. This is because the `divine component' 
: > falls prey to Ockham's Razor, the phenomenon being satisfactorily 
:                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
: > explained without it, and there being no independent evidence of any 
:   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
: > such component. More detail in the next post.
: > 

Occam's Razor is not a law of nature, it is way of analyzing an
argument, even so, it interesting how often it's cited here and to
what end. 
It seems odd that religion is simultaneously condemned as being
primitive, simple-minded and unscientific, anti-intellectual and
childish, and yet again condemned as being too complex (Occam's
razor), the scientific explanation of things being much more
straightforeward and, apparently, simpler. Which is it to be - which
is the "non-essential", and how do you know?
Considering that even scientists don't fully comprehend science due to
its complexity and diversity. Maybe William of Occam has performed a
lobotomy, kept the frontal lobe and thrown everything else away ...

This is all very confusing, I'm sure one of you will straighten me out
tough.

Bill

From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes: >

>OK, you have disproved one thing, but you failed to "nail" me.
>
>See, nowhere in my post did I claim that something _must_ be believed in.  Here
>are the three possibilities:
>
>	1) God exists. 
>	2) God does not exist.
>	3) I don't know.
>
>My attack was on strong atheism, (2).  Since I am (3), I guess by what you said
>below that makes me a weak atheist.
  [snip]
>First of all, you seem to be a reasonable guy.  Why not try to be more honest
>and include my sentence afterwards that 

Honest, it just ended like that, I swear!  

Hmmmm...I recognize the warning signs...alternating polite and
rude...coming into newsgroup with huge chip on shoulder...calls
people names and then makes nice...whirrr...click...whirrr

"Clam" Bake Timmons = Bill "Shit Stirrer Connor"

Q.E.D.

Whirr click whirr...Frank O'Dwyer might also be contained
in that shell...pop stack to determine...whirr...click..whirr

"Killfile" Keith Allen Schneider = Frank "Closet Theist" O'Dwyer =

the mind reels.  Maybe they're all Bobby Mozumder.

-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.


From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

In article <11862@vice.ICO.TEK.COM>, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert
Beauchaine) wrote:
> 
> In article <sandvik-190493224221@sandvik-kent.apple.com> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:
> >
> >As I know you can't get any physical problems by passive Christianity,
> >unlike smoking. It's not that hard to avoid Christianity today, anyway.
> >Just ignore 'em.
> >
> 
>   Right on Keith, err, Kent.  
> 
>   Whadda you mean, you didn't see the smiley?

Ouch. I guess I didn't. Sorry. But my comment was just more
'irony' into the fire.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?

In article <11867@vice.ICO.TEK.COM>, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert
Beauchaine) wrote:
> 
> In article <EDM.93Apr20145436@gocart.twisto.compaq.com> edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary) writes:
> >
> >While we're on the topic of books, has anyone else noticed that Paine's
> >"The Age of Reason" is hard to find.  I've been wanting to pick up
> >a copy for a while, but not bad enough to mail order it.  I've noticed
> >though that none of the bookstores I go to seem to carry it.  I thought
> >this was supposed to be classic.  What's the deal?
> >--
> 
>   Me too.  Our local used book store is the second largest on the
>   West Coast, and I couldn't find a copy there.  I guess atheists
>   hold their bibles in as much esteem as the theists.

If I remember correctly Prometheus books have this one in stock,
so just call them and ask for the book.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Age of Reason Was: Who has read Rushdie's

This is the story of Kent, the archetype Finn, that lives in the 
Bay Area, and tried to purchase Thomas Paine's "Age of Reason". This
man was driving around, to Staceys, to Books Inc, to "Well, Cleanlighted
Place", to Daltons, to various other places.

When he asked for this book, the well educated American book store
assistants in most placed asked him to check out the thriller section,
or then they said that his book has not been published yet, but they
should receive the book soon. In some places the assistants bluntly
said that they don't know of such an author, or that he is not 
a well known living author, so they don't keep copies of his books.

Such is the life and times of America, 200+ years after the revolution.


Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Athei
From: sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed)

In article <1993Apr19.151120.14068@abo.fi> MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka) writes:
>In <930419.125145.9O3.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew writes:
>> I wonder if Noam Chomsky is reading this?
>
>      I could be wrong, but is he actually talking about outright
>_government_ control of the media, aka censorship?
>
>      If he doesn't, any quick one-stop-shopping reference to his works
>that'll tell me, in short, what he _does_ argue for?

"Manufacturing Consent," a film about the media. You alternative movie source
may have this; or to book it in your local alternative theatre, contact:

FILMS TRANSIT * INTERNATIONAL SALES
Jan Rofekamp
402 Notre Dame E.
Montreal, Quebec
Canada H2Y 1C8
Tel (514) 844-3358 * Fax (514) 844-7298
Telex 5560074 Filmtransmtl

(US readers: call Zeitgeist Films at 212 274 1989.)

-s
--
  Shamim Mohamed / {uunet,noao,cmcl2..}!arizona!shamim / shamim@cs.arizona.edu
  "Take this cross and garlic; here's a Mezuzah if he's Jewish; a page of the
    Koran if he's a Muslim; and if he's a Zen Buddhist, you're on your own."
   Member of the League for Programming Freedom - write to lpf@uunet.uu.net

From: danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <C5rEKJ.49y@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>James Felder (spbach@lerc.nasa.gov) wrote:
>
>: Logic alert -  argument from incredulity.  Just because it is hard for you 
>: to believe this doesn't mean that it isn't true.  Liars can be very pursuasive
>: just look at Koresh that you yourself cite.
>
>This is whole basis of a great many here rejecting the Christian
>account of things. In the words of St. Madalyn Murrey-O'Hair, "Face it
>folks, it's just silly ...". Why is it okay to disbelieve because of
>your incredulity if you admit that it's a fallacy?

It isn't. And I wasn't aware that this O'Hair chick was a reader of
a.a., so that doesn't support your assertion that the argument is
"the whole basis of a great many HERE rejecting...".

Dan



From: dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

In article <C5rGKB.4Fs@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:
>: The social pressure is indeed a very important factor for the majority
>: of passive Christians in our world today. In the case of early Christianity
>: the promise of a heavenly afterlife, independent of your social status,
>: was also a very promising gift (reason slaves and non-Romans accepted
>: the religion very rapidly).
>
>If this is a hypothetical proposition, you should say so, if it's
>fact, you should cite your sources. If all this is the amateur
>sociologist sub-branch of a.a however, it would suffice to alert the
>unwary that you are just screwing around ...

What would you accept as sources?  This very thing has been written
in lots of books.  You could start with Erich Fromm's _The Dogma of Christ_.
--
Doug Graham         dgraham@bnr.ca         My opinions are my own.

From: dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1r2j7d$6e1@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>In article <1993Apr17.041535.7472@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
>|> According to Jerry Mander's _In the Absence of the Sacred_ (good
>|> book, BTW), the Great Binding Law of the Iroquois Confederacy
>|> also played a significant role as a model for the U.S. Constitution.
>|> Furthermore, apparently Marx and Engels were strongly influenced
>|> by a study of Iroquois society, using it as the prime example of
>|> a successful, classless, egalitarian, noncoercive society.  Mander
>|> goes on to say that both the U.S. and the U.S.S.R. would do well
>|> to study the original document, figure out where each went wrong,
>|> and try to get it right next time.
>
>That's fascinating.   I heard that the Chinese, rather than
>the Italians, invented pasta.

That's fascinating.  I take it that you're expressing skepticism
at the idea that those ignorant savages could have influenced
the Constitution of the people who stole their continent.  You
could be right, but it sounds plausible to me.  Is there any
reason that you dismiss it out-of-hand?  Here's some more:

   Recent scholarship has shown that in the mid-1700s Indians were not
   only invited to participate in the deliberations of our "founding
   fathers," but that the Great Binding Law of the Iroquois Confederacy
   arguably became the single most important model for the 1754 Albany
   Plan of Union, and later the Articles of Confederation and the
   Constitution.  That this would be absent from our school texts,
   and from history, and from media is not surprising given the devotion
   Americans feel to our founding myth: Great men gathered to express
   a new vision that has withstood the test of time.  If it were
   revealed that Indians had a role in it, imagine the blow to the
   American psyche.
   ...
      By 1754, when most of these men and others gathered to creat the
   Albany Plan of Union, the first try at confederation, they invited
   forty-two members of the Iroquois Grand Council to serve as advisors
   on confederate structures.  Benjamin Franklin freely acknowledged
   his interest in the Iroquois achievement in a famous speech at
   Albany Congress: "It would be a strange thing...if six nations
   of ignorant savages[sic] should be capable of forming such a union
   and be able to execute it in such a manner that it has subsisted
   for ages and appears indissoluble, and yet that a like union should
   be impractical for ten or a dozen English colonies."
      According to Grinde, Franklin convened meetings of Iroquois chiefs
   and congressional delegates in order to "hammer out a plan that he
   acknowedged to be similar to the Iroquois Confederacy."

Grinde is Professor Donald Grinde,Jr., of the University of California
at Riverside whose book _The Iroquois and the Founding Fathers of the
American Nation_ addresses this issue.
--
Doug Graham         dgraham@bnr.ca         My opinions are my own.

From: "James F. Tims" <p00168@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Studies on Book of Mormon

>DATE:   Tue, 20 Apr 93 21:12:55 GMT
>FROM:   Carolyn Jean Fairman <cfairman@leland.Stanford.EDU>
>
>agrino@enkidu.mic.cl (Andres Grino Brandt) asks about Mormons.
>
>>There are some mention about events, places, or historical persons
>>later discovered by archeologist?
>
>One of the more amusing things in the BOM is a claim that a
>civilization existed in North America, aroun where the mystical plates
>were found.  Not only did it use steel and other metals, but it had
>lots of wars (very OT).  No one has ever found any metal swords or
>and traces of a civilization other than the Native Americans.
>
>This is just one example.

From _Free Inquiry_, Winter 83/84,  the following is an
introduction to the article "Joseph Smith and the Book of
Mormon", by George D. Smith.  The introduction is written by
Paul Kurtz. 

	Mormonism -- the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
	-- claims a worldwide membership 5.2 million.  It is one of
	the world's fastest growing religions, with as many as
	200,000 new converst in 1982 alone.  Because of the church's
	aggressive missionary program, covering more than one
	hundred countries, it is spreading even to third world
	countries.
	
	Mormonism is both puritanical in moral outlook and
	evangelical in preachment.  The church is run along strict
	authoritarian lines.  Led by a president, who allegedly
	receives revelations directly form God, and a group of
	twelve apostles who attempt to maintain orthodoxy in belief
	and practice, the church is opposed to abortion,
	pornography, sexual freedom, women's rights, and other, in
	its view, immoral influences of secular society, and it
	forbids the use of tobacco, alcohol, coffee, and tea.
	
	Centered in Salt Lake City, the church is extremely wealthy
	and politically powerful in Utal and many other western
	states.  Among well-know present-day Mormons are Ezra Taft
	Benson (former secretary of agriculture), the Osmond family,
	the Mariotts of the hotel empire, and a score of high-placed
	government officials.
	
	The Mormon church was founded in western New York in 1830 by
	Joseph Smith who claimed that by divine revelation be had
	found gold plates containing hieroglyphics buried on a hill
	and that with the help of visits from the angel Moroni he
	had been able to translate the writing into the _Book of
	Mormon_, the basis of Mormon belief.  This book, written "by
	the commandment of God," claims that the ancient Hebrews
	settled in America about 600 B.C.E. and were the ancestors
	of the American Indians.  Mormons believe that those who
	have been baptized in the "true church" will be reunited
	after death and that deceased non-Mormon family members can
	be baptized by proxy and thus join their relatives in the
	hereafter.  Because of these beliefs, Mormons have been
	considered outcasts by mainline Christian denominations and
	as heretics by religious fundamentalists.
	
	Joseph Smith was a controversial figure in his day -- he was
	both worshiped as a saint and denounced as a fraud.  Because
	of persecution he led his band of loyal followers from
	Palmyra, New York, westward to Ohio and then to Illinois,
	where in 1844 he was shot to death by an agry mob.  Brigham
	Young, who reportedly had as many as eighty wives, took over
	the leadership of the church and led the Mormons further
	westward, to found the new Zion in Salt Lake City. 
	Following the teachings of Joseph Smith in the practice of
	polygamy was perhaps the Mormons most controversial practice
	in nineteenth-century America.
	
	While other religions go back many centuries --
	Muhammadanism, 1200 years; Christianity, 2000; and Judaism,
	3000 -- and attempts to examine their beginnings are
	difficult, extensive historical investigation of Mormon
	roots is possible.  Some Mormons are willing to examine this
	history objectively, bu others maintain that such scrutiny
	is dangerous to the faith.
	
	In the following pages, _Free Inquiry_ presents two articles
	about the Mormon church.  First, George D. Smith, a lifelong
	member of the church, provides a detailed critical
	examination of Joseph Smith and his claim the the _Book of
	Mormon_ was divinely revealed.  Second, we present a portion
	of an interview with philosopher Sterling McMurrin, also a
	Mormon since birth, who questions the treatment of the
	history of the church by Mormon authorities. -- Paul Kurtz
	

The article itself is super.

  ,...,.,,
 /666;    ',    
////;    _~ -   
(/@/----0-~-0
 ;'  . `` ~ \'
  , `    ' , >
;;|\..((   -C---->> jimtims p00168@psilink.com 
;;| >-  `.__),;;


From: qpliu@ernie.Princeton.EDU (q.p.liu)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
>that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".

Why don't you cite the passages so that we can focus on some to discuss.
Then, following Jesus, you can make fools of us and our "logic".

>               If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
>know more than you do now.

Indeed, if you can justifiably make this assertion, you must be a
genius in logic and making fools of us should be that much easier.
-- 
qpliu@princeton.edu           Standard opinion: Opinions are delta-correlated.

From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: Requests

In article <11857@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
>Subject: Re: Requests
>Date: 19 Apr 93 18:25:08 GMT
>In article <C5qLLG.4BC@mailer.cc.fsu.edu> mayne@cs.fsu.edu writes:
>>
(excess stuff deleted...)

    
>  However, it seems that a local church elder has been getting
>  revelations from god about a devastating quake scheduled to level
>  the area on May 3rd.  He has independent corroboration from
>  several friends, who apparently have had similar revelations.  The
>  5.7 quake was, in fact, in response to a request from the lot of
>  them seeking a sign from god on the veracity of their visions.
>
>  None of this would be terribly interesting, except for the amount
>  of stir it has created in the area.  Many, many people are taking
>  these claims very seriously.  There are some making plans to be
>  out of the are on the target date.  My local religious radio
>  station devoted 4 hours of discussion on the topic.  
>
>  I even called up during one of the live broadcasts to tell the
>  host that he would have a full account of my conversion on May
>  4th, provided my family and I survived the devastation and ruin
>  that will invariably follow the quake.
>
>/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 
>
>Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 
>
>They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
>and sank Manhattan out at sea.
>
>^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

I know of a similar incident about 3 years ago.  A climatologist( Ithink 
that was his profession) named Iben Browning predicted that an earthquake 
would hit the New Madrid fault on Dec.3.  Some schools in Missouri that were 
on the fault line actually cancelled school for the day.  Many people 
evacuated New Madrid and other towns in teh are.  I wouldn't be suprised if 
there were more journalists in the area than residents.  Of course, teh 
earthquake never occured.  HOw do I know about his?  I used to live in 
Southern Illinois and the lican middle school was built directly on the 
fault line.  No we still had school... We laughed at the poor idiots who 
believed the prediction. :):):):)

Bob, if you're wanting an excuse to convert to Christianity, you gonna have 
to look elsewhere.

Tammy "No Trim" Healy



From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: Studies on Book of Mormon

In article <735023059snx@enkidu.mic.cl> agrino@enkidu.mic.cl (Andres Grino Brandt) writes:
>From: agrino@enkidu.mic.cl (Andres Grino Brandt)
>Subject: Studies on Book of Mormon
>Date: Sun, 18 Apr 1993 14:15:33 CST
>Hi!
>
>I don't know much about Mormons, and I want to know about serious independent
>studies about the Book of Mormon.
>
>I don't buy the 'official' story about the gold original taken to heaven,
>but haven't read the Book of Mormon by myself (I have to much work learning
>Biblical Hebrew), I will appreciate any comment about the results of study
>in style, vocabulary, place-names, internal consistency, and so on.
>
>For example: There is evidence for one-writer or multiple writers?
>There are some mention about events, places, or historical persons later
>discovered by archeologist?
>
>Yours in Collen
>
>Andres Grino Brandt               Casilla 14801 - Santiago 21
>agrino@enkidu.mic.cl                        Chile
>
>No hay mas realidad que la realidad, y la razon es su profeta
I don't think the Book of Mormon was supposedly translated from Biblical 
Hebrew.  I've read that "prophet Joseph Smith" traslated the gold tablets 
from some sort of Egyptian-ish language.  
Former Mormons, PLEASE post.

Tammy "no trim" Healy


From: jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu (James Thomas Green)
Subject: Logic of Jesus?

dps@nasa.kodak.com Pontificated: 
>Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
>that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".

Can you cite an example of this.  Please post an answer as I
don't want to receive e-mail.  


/~~~(-: James T. Green :-)~~~~(-: jgreen@oboe.calpoly.edu :-)~~~\ 
|  "At all times and in all nations,                            |
|     the priest has been hostile to liberty."                  |
|                               <Thomas Jefferson>              |

From: jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu (James Thomas Green)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) Pontificated: 
>
>Q:  How many Moslem men does it take to rape a woman?
>A:  Five, one to commit the act, and four to witness the penetration.
>
>
>"A guilty verdict can be rendered only if there is a confession or if there
>are at least two male witnesses to the crime.  Adultery and rape are proved
>only if four witnesses have seen the actual penetration, an occurrence that
>presumably does not happen often."

Is this from the Quran (or however it's spelled)?


/~~~(-: James T. Green :-)~~~~(-: jgreen@oboe.calpoly.edu :-)~~~\ 
|  "At all times and in all nations,                            |
|     the priest has been hostile to liberty."                  |
|                               <Thomas Jefferson>              |

From: jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu (James Thomas Green)
Subject: Re: "So help you God" in court?


I've heard that in California they ask you to swear without any
mention of a god.  What states actually include "god" in the
courtroom oath?



/~~~(-: James T. Green :-)~~~~(-: jgreen@oboe.calpoly.edu :-)~~~\ 
|  "At all times and in all nations,                            |
|     the priest has been hostile to liberty."                  |
|                               <Thomas Jefferson>              |

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Societal basis for morality

In article <C5prv8.5nI@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike
Cobb) wrote:
> we have to expect others to follow our notion of societally mandated morality?
> Pardon the extremism, but couldn't I murder your "brother" and say that I was 
> exercising my rights as I saw them, was doing what felt good, didn't want
> anyone forcing their morality on me, or I don't follow your "morality" ?

Good statement! Should we apply empirical measurements to define exact
social morals? Should morals be based on social rules? On ancient
religious doctrines? It seems there will *NEVER* be a common and single
denominator for defining morals, and as such defining absolute
and objective morals is doomed to fail as long as humans have 
this incredible talent of creative thinking.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1993Apr19.113255.27550@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>,
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) wrote:
> >Fred, the problem with such reasoning is that for us non-believers
> >we need a better measurement tool to state that person A is a
> >real Muslim/Christian, while person B is not. As I know there are
> >no such tools, and anyone could believe in a religion, misuse its
> >power and otherwise make bad PR. It clearly shows the sore points
> >with religion -- in other words show me a movement that can't spin
> >off Khomeinis, Stalins, Davidians, Husseins... *).
> 
> I don't think such a system exists.  I think the reason for that is an
> condition known as "free will".  We humans have got it.  Anybody, using
> their free-will, can tell lies and half-truths about *any* system and
> thus abuse it for their own ends.

I don't think such tools exist either. In addition, there's no such
thing as objective information. All together, it looks like religion
and any doctrines could be freely misused to whatever purpose.

This all reminds me of Descartes' whispering deamon. You can't trust
anything. So why bother.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5pxqs.LM5@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu
(Bill Conner) wrote:
> As for your question of moral free-agency, given the Christian
> position above, the freedom we have is to acknowledge God. The
> morality we practice is a direct outgrowth of how we excercise that
> freedom. You are free to ignore God in the same way you are free to
> ignore gravity and the consequences are inevitable and well known
> in both cases. That an atheist can't accept the evidence means only
> that he prefers not to accept it, it says nothing about the evidence
> itself. 

I agree, I had a hard feeling not believing my grand-grand mother
who told me of elves dancing outside barns in the early mornings.
I preferred not to accept it, even if her statement provided
the truth itself. Life is hard.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <C5qt5p.Mvo@blaze.cs.jhu.edu>, arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu
(Ken Arromdee) wrote:
> 
> In article <115694@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
> >I think many reading this group would also benefit by knowing how
> >deviant the view _as I've articulated it above_ (which may not be
> >the true view of Khomeini) is from the basic principles of Islam. 
> 
> From the point ov view of an atheist, I see you claim Khomeini wasn't
> practicing true Islam.  But I'm sure that he would have said the same about
> you.  How am I, a member of neither group, supposed to be able to tell which
> one of you two is really a true Muslim?

Fred Rice answered this already in an early posting:
"The problem with your argument is that you do not _know_ who is a _real_
believer and who may be "faking it".  This is something known only by
the person him/herself (and God).  Your assumption that anyone who
_claims_ to be a "believer" _is_ a "believer" is not necessarily true."

In other words it seems that nobody could define who is a true and
false Muslim. We are back to square one, Khomeini and Hussein are 
still innocent and can't be defined as evil or good Islamic 
worshippers.

Cheers,
Kent

---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1993Apr20.115045.20756@abo.fi> MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka) writes:
#In <1r0fpv$p11@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp writes:
#>In article <1993Apr20.070156.26910@abo.fi> MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI
#>(Mats Andtbacka) writes:
#
#>#      Ah, that old chestnut, your claim that moral objectivism ==
#>#scientific objectivism. I don't agree with it; now try proving, through
#>#some objective moral test, that my disagreeing is incorrect. =)
#> 
#> Your claim, which you have deleted now was "not universal => not objective".
#
#      I've deleted it now, in the interest of brevity. Go back a step
#and you'll see it was still in your post. Yes, that was my claim; if you
#can refute it, then please do so.

Firstly, an apology.  You hadn't deleted your claim, and I was mistaken in
saying you had. Sorry for any offence caused.

Secondly,  how can I refute your definition?  I can only point up its
logical implications, and say that they seem to contradict the usage
of the word "objective" in other areas.  Indeed, by your definition, an
objective x is an oxymoron, for all x.  I have no quibble with that
belief, other than that it is useless, and that "objective" is a perfectly
good word.

#> So, what *is* objective?  Not the age of the universe, anyway, as I show
#> above.
#
#      How many ages can the universe have, and still be internally self-
#consistent? I'd be amazed if it was more than one. How many different
#moral systems can different members of society have - indeed, single
#individuals, in some cases - and humanity still stick together?

Begging the question.  People can have many opinions about the age
of the universe and humanity can still stick together.   You are
saying that the universe has a _real_ age, independent of my beliefs about
it.  Why?

#      The age of the universe, like most scientific facts, can be
#emirically verified through means that'll give the same result no matter
#who performs the testing (albeit there are error bars that may be on the
#largish side...). 

This assumes that the universe has a real age, or any kind of reality
which doesn't depend on what we think.   Why should an extreme Biblical
Creationist give a rat's ass about the means of which you speak?

#I've heard of no way to verify morality in a
#consistent way, much less compute the errors of the measurement; care to
#enlighten me?

The same is true of pain, but painkillers exist, and can be predicted
to work with some accuracy better than a random guess.  I wrote
elsewhere that morality should be hypotheses about observed value.
If a moral system makes a prediction "It will be better if...",
that can be tested, and is falsifiable in the same way as a prediction
"This drug will relieve pain..."

#      People's *ideas* about the age of object X are *not* objective;
#you can have any idea you like, and I can't stop you. Universae and
#their ages is another ballgame; they are what they are, and if you
#dislike some detail of them, that's a problem with your *opinion* of
#them. 

Sure.  Assume an objective reality, and you get statements like this.

#I claim that morality is an opinion of ours, and as such
#subjective and individual. If I'm wrong, then some more-or-less
#objectively "real" thing exists, which you label "objective morality";
#can you back up this positive claim of existence?

Can you back up your positive claim above?  No.  That's because it's an
assumption.  I make the same assumption about values, on the basis
that there is no logical difference between the two, and the empirical
basis of the two is precisely the same.

#>#      Point: Morals are, in essence, personal opinions. Usually
#>#(ideally) well-founded, motivated such, but nonetheless personal. The
#>#fact that a real large lot of people agree on some moral question,
#>#sometimes even for the same reason, does not make morals objective; it
#>#makes humans somewhat alike in their opinions on that moral question,
#>#which can be good for the evolution of a social species.
#> 
#> And if a "real large lot" (nice phrase) of people agree that there is a 
#> football on a desk, I'm supposed to see a logical difference between the two?  
#> Perhaps you can explain the difference to me, since you seem to see it
#> so clearly.
#
#      Take a look on the desk - i.e., perform a test. If(football) THEN
#(accept theory) ELSE DO (Tell people they're hallucinating).
#
#      Now take a look at morality. See anything? If so, please inform me
#which way to look, and WHY to look that particular way, as opposed to
#some other. Get my drift?

No. Just look.  Are you claiming never to know what good means?

#>#      *Science* is a whole other matter altogether.
#> 
#> Says you.  Prove that those who disagree are wrong?
#
#      That's a simple(?) matter of proving the track record of the
#scientific method.

I think it's great, and should be applied to values.  I may be completely
wrong, but that's what I conclude as a result of quite an amount of
thought.

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

In article <1993Apr19.120352.1574@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>,
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) wrote:
>> The problem with your argument is that you do not _know_ who is a _real_
> believer and who may be "faking it".  This is something known only by
> the person him/herself (and God).  Your assumption that anyone who
> _claims_ to be a "believer" _is_ a "believer" is not necessarily true.

So that still leaves the door totally open for Khomeini, Hussein
et rest. They could still be considered true Muslims, and you can't
judge them, because this is something between God and the person.

You have to apply your rule as well with atheists/agnostics, you
don't know their belief, this is something between them and God.

So why the hoopla about Khomeini not being a real Muslim, and the
hoopla about atheists being not real human beings?

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <C5rEyF.4CE@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu
(Bill Conner) wrote:
> Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:
> : In article <11838@vice.ICO.TEK.COM>, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert
> : Beauchaine) wrote:
> : >   Someone spank me if I'm wrong, but didn't Lord, Liar, or Lunatic
> : >   originate with C.S. Lewis?  Who's this Campollo fellow anyway?
> 
> : I do think so, and isn't there a clear connection with the "I do
> : believe, because it is absurd" notion by one of the original
> : Christians (Origen?).
> 
> There is a similar statement attributed to Anselm, "I believe so that
> I may understand". In both cases reason is somewhat less exalted than
> anyone posting here could accept, which means that neither statement
> can be properly analysed in this venue.

Bill, I think you have a misunderstanding about atheism. Lack of 
belief in God does not directly imply lack of understanding
transcendental values. I hope you would accept the fact that 
for instance Buddhists appreciate issues related to non-empirical
reasoning without the need to automatically believe in theism.

I think reading a couple of books related to Buddhism might 
revise and fine tune your understanding of non-Christian systems.

Cheers,
Kent

---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <pww-210493010443@spac-at1-59.rice.edu>, pww@spacsun.rice.edu
(Peter > > Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you
will see
> > that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
> > Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
> > the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
> > know more than you do now.   To learn you must accept that which
> > you don't know.
> 
> Can anyone eaplain what he's just said here?

I can't. It seems Jesus used logic to make people using logic
look like fools? No, that does not sound right, he maybe just
told they were fools, and that's it, and people believed that...
Hmm, does not sound reasonable either...

I find it always very intriguing to see people stating that
transcendental values can't be explained, and then in the
next sentence they try to explain these unexplained values.
Highly strange.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

In article <C5rGKB.4Fs@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu
(Bill Conner) wrote:
> Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:
> : The social pressure is indeed a very important factor for the majority
> : of passive Christians in our world today. In the case of early Christianity
> : the promise of a heavenly afterlife, independent of your social status,
> : was also a very promising gift (reason slaves and non-Romans accepted
> : the religion very rapidly).
> 
> If this is a hypothetical proposition, you should say so, if it's
> fact, you should cite your sources. If all this is the amateur
> sociologist sub-branch of a.a however, it would suffice to alert the
> unwary that you are just screwing around ...

Well, as I remember Jacoby's "Mythmaker" talks about this to cite
one source -- but I'm not sure if all Christians have read this book.
In addition my social experiences is from being raised and educated
as a Lutheran, having a lot of Christian friends, and I even
have played in two Christian rock bands!

So, over to you, do you have any counter claims, sources et 
rest that shows that Christianity does not have the concept
of a social promise that is independent on the social status?

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

In article <C5rB1G.43u@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu
(Bill Conner) wrote:
> To credit religion with the awesome power to dominate history is to
> misunderstand human nature, the function of religion and of course,
> history. I believe that those who distort history in this way know
> exaclty what they're doing, and do it only for affect.

However, to underestimate the power of religion creating historical
events is also a big misunderstanding. For instance, would the
30-year-old war have ever started if there were no fractions
between the Protestants and the Vatican?

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

In article <C5rLyz.4Mt@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu
(Bill Conner) wrote:
> 
> This is fascinating. Atheists argue for abortion, defend homosexuality
> as a means of population control, insist that the only values are
> biological and condemn war and capital punishment. According to
> Benedikt, if something is contardictory, it cannot exist, which in
> this case means atheists I suppose.
> I would like to understand how an atheist can object to war (an
> excellent means of controlling population growth), or to capital
> punishment, I'm sorry but the logic escapes me.
> And why just capital punishment, what is being questioned here, the
> propriety of killing or of punishment? What is the basis of the
> ecomplaint?

Bill, ever heard of secular humanism? Please check out what
this stands for, and then revise your statements above.

Cheers,
Kent

---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Suggestion for "resources" FAQ

>DATE:   Mon, 19 Apr 1993 15:01:10 GMT
>FROM:   Bruce Stephens <bruce@liverpool.ac.uk>
>
>I think a good book summarizing and comparing religions would be good.
>
>I confess I don't know of any---indeed that's why I checked the FAQ to see
>if it had one---but I'm sure some alert reader does.
>
>I think the list of books suffers far too much from being Christian based;
>I agree that most of the traffic is of this nature (although a few Islamic
>references might be good) but I still think an overview would be nice.

One book I have which presents a fairly unbiased account of many religions
is called _Man's Religions_ by John B. Noss.  It was a textbook in a class
I had on comparative religion or some such thing.  It has some decent
bibliographies on each chapter as a jumping off point for further reading.

It doesn't "compare" religions directly but describes each one individually
and notes a few similarities.  But nothing I have read in it could be even
remotely described as preachy or Christian based.  In fact, Christianity
mercifully consumes only 90 or so of its nearly 600 pages.  The book is
divided according to major regions of the world where the biggies began 
(India, East Asia, Near East).  There is nothing about New World religions
from the Aztecs, Mayas, Incas, etc.  Just the stuff people kill each
other over nowadays.  And a few of the older religions snuffed out along
the way.  

If you like the old stuff, then a couple of books called "The Ancient Near
East" by James B. Pritchard are pretty cool.  Got the Epic of Gilgamesh,
Code of Hammurabi, all the stuff from way back when men were gods and gods
were men.  Essential reading for anyone who wishes to make up their own
religion and make it sound real good.



From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

>DATE:   19 Apr 93 23:23:26 GMT
>FROM:   Bake Timmons <timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu>
>
>My my, there _are_ a few atheists with time on their hands.  :)
>
>OK, first I apologize.  I didn't bother reading the FAQ first and so fired an
>imprecise flame.  That was inexcusable.
>

How about the nickname Bake "Flamethrower" Timmons?

You weren't at the Koresh compound around noon today by any chance, were you?

Remember, Koresh "dried" for your sins.  

And pass that beef jerky.  Umm Umm.



From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1r2kt7$6e1@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
#In article <1qugin$9tf@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
#|> In article <1qkogg$k@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
#|>
#|> #And in that area, what you care about is whether someone is sceptical,
#|> #critical and autonomous on the one hand, or gullible, excitable and
#|> #easily led on the other.
#|> 
#|> Indeed I may.  And one may be an atheist and also be gullible, excitable
#|> and easily led.
#|> 
#|> #I would say that a tendency to worship tyrants and ideologies indicates
#|> #that a person is easily led.   Whether they have a worship or belief 
#|> #in a supernatural hero rather than an earthly one seems to me to be
#|> #beside the point.
#|> 
#|> Sure.  But whether or not they are atheists is what we are discussing,
#|> not whether they are easily led.  
#
#Not if you show that these hypothetical atheists are gullible, excitable
#and easily led from some concrete cause.   In that case we would also
#have to discuss if that concrete cause, rather than atheism, was the
#factor that caused their subsequent behaviour.

I'm not arguing that atheism causes such behaviour - merely that
it is not relevant to the definition of atheism, which is 'lack of belief in 
gods'.  


-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

In article <1r2gi8$6e1@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
#In article <1qu485$58o@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
#|> In article <1qkovl$k@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
#|> #
#|> #False dichotomy.  You claimed the killing were *not* religiously
#|> #motivated, and I'm saying that's wrong.   I'm not saying that
#|> #each and every killing is religiously motivate, as I spelled out
#|> #in detail.
#|> 
#|> Which killings do you say are religously motivated?
#
#For example, I would claim that the recent assassination of four
#catholic construction workers who had no connection with the IRA
#was probably religously motivated.
#
#|> At the time
#|> of writing, I think that someone who claims the current violence is
#|> motivated by religion is reaching.
#
#What would you call is when someone writes "The killings in N.I 
#are not religously motivated?"

I'd say it was motivated by a primitive notion of revenge, and by
misguided patriotism.  Otherwise, I'd have to wonder how come mainland
catholics are not killed by mainland protestants, and southern
catholics are not killed by southern protestants, and so on.  Take away
all plausible causes bar religion, and the violence diminishes markedly.
Gee, why _is_ that?

#|> Now, it's possible to argue that 
#|> religion *in the past* is a major contributing factor to the violence in
#|> the present, but I don't know of any evidence that this is so - and I'm
#|> not enough of a historian to debate it. 
#
#Given that the avowed aim of the IRA is to take Northern Ireland
#into a country that has a particular church written into its 
#constitution, and which has restriction on civil rights dictated
#by that Church, I fail to see why the word "past" is appropriate.

The country also has a different official language written in its
constitution (and vice versa :-) - maybe they're motivated by a love of 
Irish poetry.  Your argument is fallacious, jon.

For what it's worth, I agree with all that you say about Ireland above, 
and more.

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Objective Values 'v' Scientific Accuracy (was Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is)

In article <930419.122738.5s2.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew
<mathew@mantis.co.uk> wrote:
> 
> lpzsml@unicorn.nott.ac.uk (Steve Lang) writes:
> > Values can also refer to meaning.  For example in computer science the
> > value of 1 is TRUE, and 0 is FALSE.
> 
> Not in Lisp.

True, all you need to define is one statement that defined one
polarity, and all the other states are considered the other
polarity. Then again what is the meaning of nil, false or true :-) ?

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism)

In article <1993Apr19.231641.21652@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>"(God is) the One Who created the night, the day, the sun and the moon.
>Each is travelling in an orbit with its own motion." (Qur'an :33)
>
>The positive aspect of this verse noted by Dr. Maurice Bucaille is that
>while geocentrism was the commonly accepted notion at the time (and for
>a long time afterwards), there is no notion of geocentrism in this verse
>(or anywhere in the Qur'an).
>
 
Well, that is certainly different, but it looks as if there is a translation
found for everything. By the way, I am most surprised to hear that night and
day move in an orbit.
 
And that the sun travels in an orbit without saying that earth does, too,
sounds geocentric to me.
   Benedikt

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1r3inr$lvi@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>#>And if a "real large lot" (nice phrase) of people agree that there is a
>#>football on a desk, I'm supposed to see a logical difference between the two?
>#>Perhaps you can explain the difference to me, since you seem to see it
>#>so clearly.
>#>
>#(rest deleted)
>#
>#That's a fallacy, and it is not the first time it is pointed out.
>
>It's not a fallacy - note the IF.   IF a supermajority of disinterested people
>agree on a fundamantal value (we're not doing ethics YET Benedikt), then what
>is the difference between that and those people agreeing on a trivial
>observation?
>
 
The reference to it's not yet being ethics is dubious. You have used the terms
absolute, objective and others interchangeably. Same with moral values, values,
at all, worth, measuers, and usefulness. You infer from them as if they were
the same.
 
To the IF. When the If is not fulfilled, your intermission is a waste of time.
Assuming that you don't intend this, it is reasonable to conclude that you
want to argue a point.
 
You have made a interesting statement here, namely that of the disinterested
observer. There is no such thing in morals. Probably the shortest proof for
objective and morality being a contradiction.
 
 
>#For one, you have never given a set of morals people agree upon. Unlike
>#a football. Further, you conveniently ignore here that there are
>#many who would not agree on tghe morality of something. The analogy
>#does not hold.
>
>I have, however, given an example of a VALUE people agree on, and explained
>why.  People will agree that their freedom is valuable.  I have also
>stated that such a value is a necessary condition for doing objective
>ethics - the IF assertion above.  And that is what I'm talking about, there
>isn't a point in talking about ethics if this can't be agreed.
>
 
Fine. And that freedom is valuable is not generally agreed upon. I could
name quite a lot of people who state the opposite. (Not that that wasn't
mentioned before). In other words, you have nothing to fulfill your strong
claims with.
 
 
>#One can expect sufficiently many people to agree on its being a football,
>#while YOU have to give the evidence that only vanishing number disagrees
>#with a set of morals YOU have to give.
>
>I'm not doing morals (ethics) if we can't get past values.  As I say,
>the only cogent objection to my 'freedom' example is that maybe people
>aren't talking about the same thing when they answer that it is valuable.
>Maybe not, and I want to think about this some, especially the implications
>of its being true.
>
 
Clutching a straw. I don't believe in mappings into metaphysical sets were
loaded terms are fixpoints. Those who deny the morality of freedom make quite
clear what they say, their practice is telling. Yes, there are even those who
are willingly unfree. It is quite common in religions, by the way. For one,
there is a religion which is named Submission.
 
Don't even try to argue that submission is freedom.
 
 
>#Further, the above is evidence, not proof. Proof would evolve out of testing
>#your theory of absolute morals against competing theories.
>
>Garbage.  That's not proof either.
>
 
If it were so, it would argue my case. But I am afraid that that is considered
proof.
 
 
>#The above is one of the arguments you reiterate while you never answer
>#the objections. Evidence that you are a preacher.
>
>Name that fallacy.
 
There is something universally valued in a moral context.
   Benedikt

From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In <1qla0g$afp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>In article <115565@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>|> In article <1qi3l5$jkj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>|> 
>|> >I hope an Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI, which
>|> >ripped off so many small depositors among the Muslim
>|> >community in the Uk and elsewhere.
>|> 
[...deletions...]

>BBCI was an example of an Islamically owned and operated bank -
>what will someone bet me they weren't "real" Islamic owners and
>operators? - and yet it actually turned out to be a long-running
>and quite ruthless operation to steal money from small and often
>quite naive depositors.

An "Islamic Bank" is something which operates in a different fashion to
your modern bank, as I have explained here (on another thread) before.
For example, Islamic banks don't pay fixed interests on deposits, but a
return on investments (which varies according to the market, and is not
fixed like interest is).

Islamic banks are a relatively new phenomenon in the Islamic world.
There are no Islamic banks in "the West", including the USA, to my
knowledge.  I doubt if the market for them exists there -- at least not
while "Islamic banks" are at a relatively early stage of their
development as is the case now.  BCCI is most certainly not an "Islamic
bank" -- did BCCI ever pay a fixed interest rate on deposits?  If the
answer to this question is "yes", then BCCI was not an Islamic bank, as
Islamic banks are specifically set up to _not_ pay or charge interest.

Whether some Muslims partially owned the bank or whatever is completely
irrelevant.  

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)
From: sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed)

This is the most unmitigated bilge I've seen in a while. Jim Brown obviously
has possession of the right-wing token.

> Diplomatic alternatives, including sanctions, were ineffective.

"In December, former national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski told a
Senate committee that sanctions were costing Iraq $100 million per day, and
that the multinational coalition could take all the time in the world.
Iraq, he suggested, was losing badly every day it defied the UN demands,
while the community of nations won every day -- with no taking of life or
loss of life."  -- FCNL Washington Newsletter.

> The world is full of evil, and circumstances are not perfect.  Many
> innocents suffer due to the wrongful actions of others.  It it regretable,
> but that's The-Way-It-Is.

Wrongful actions of murderers like leaders of the US government, perhaps?
Regrettable, of course; The-Way-It-Is - certainly not.

> The media is not totally monolithic. ... There are even conservative
> sources out there if you know where to look.  (Hurrah for Rush!)

Good heavens! An escapee from Rush Limbot Land! "Conservative", my ass.

> And BTW, the reason I brought up the blanket-bombing in Germany was 
> because you were bemoaning the Iraqi civilian casualties as being 
> "so deplorable".  Yet blanket bombing was instituted because bombing 
> wasn't accurate enough to hit industrial/military targets in a 
> decisive way by any other method at that time.  But in the Gulf War, 
> precision bombing was the norm.

BULLSHIT!!! In the Gulf Massacre, 7% of all ordnance used was "smart." The
rest - that's 93% - was just regular, dumb ol' iron bombs and stuff. Have
you forgotten that the Pentagon definition of a successful Patriot launch
was when the missile cleared the launching tube with no damage? Or that a
successful interception of a Scud was defined as "the Patriot and Scud
passed each other in the same area of the sky"?

And of the 7% that was the "smart" stuff, 35% hit. Again - try to follow me
here - that means 65% of this "smart" arsenal missed.

>                                                       The stories
> of "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi civilian dead is just plain bunk.

Prove it. I have a source that says that to date, the civilian death count
(er, excuse me, I mean "collateral damage") is about 200,000.

-s
--
   "No one has attempted to calculate the costs of an execution in
Washington state, but studies elsewhere suggest it costs far more than
incarceration.
   "California is spending more than $90 million annually on capital cases,
and until this year hadn't executed anyone since 1972.  Texas, the national
leader in the number of executions, spends an estimated $2.3 million per
execution.  That compares to an average cost of incarceration in Washington
state of $25,000 per maximum-security prisoner per year."
--
  Shamim Mohamed / {uunet,noao,cmcl2..}!arizona!shamim / shamim@cs.arizona.edu
  "Take this cross and garlic; here's a Mezuzah if he's Jewish; a page of the
    Koran if he's a Muslim; and if he's a Zen Buddhist, you're on your own."
   Member of the League for Programming Freedom - write to lpf@uunet.uu.net

From: mccullou@snake10.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Gulf War (was Re: Death Penalty was Re: Political Atheists?)

In article <930421.120012.2o5.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
>> I looked back at this, and asked some questions of various people and
>> got the following information which I had claimed and you pooh-poohed.
>> The US has not sold Iraq any arms.
>
>What about the land mines which have already been mentioned?

I asked around in one of the areas you suggested yourself, and presented
the information I got.  No mention of US landmines was given.

>> other countries (like Kuwait).  Information is hard to prove.  You are
>> claiming that the US sold information?  Prove it.  [...]  Information
>> is hard to prove, almost certainly if the US did sell information, then that
>> fact is classified, and you can't prove it.
>
>Oh, very neat.  Dismiss everything I say unless I can prove beyond a shadow
>of a doubt something which you yourself admit I can never prove to your
>satisfaction.  Thanks, I'll stick to squaring circles.
>
>mathew

Okay, so you are going to blindly believe in things without reasonable
evidence?  I didn't realize you were a theist.  I am doubting a claim
presented without any evidence to support it.  If you are able to present
real evidence for it, then great.  But unsupported claims, or even claims
by such and such news agency will not be accepted.  If you want to
stick to the sheer impossible, instead of the merely difficult, then
fine.  

The statement that if such a fact is classified, then you 
can't prove it, is a simple matter of pragmatics and the law.  If you 
have access to classified information that you know to be classified,
and you reveal it, there is a good chance that you or someone else 
(the person who revealed it to you), is going to jail.  

I never said that you couldn't prove it to my satisfaction, I merely
said that it was difficult.  (Who said I try and make things easy
for people I am arguing with :) (Unless of course, they need the
handicap).

-- 
***************************************************************************
* mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu * Never program and drink beer at the same *
* M^2                          *  time.  It doesn't work.                 *
***************************************************************************

From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

In article <1r4lva$5vq@fido.asd.sgi.com>, livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
> In article <1993Apr20.102306.882@batman.bmd.trw.com>, jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
> |> In article <1993Apr20.062328.19776@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, 
> |> dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
> |> 
> |> [...]

[....]
> |> 
> |> Wait a minute, Doug.  I know you are better informed than that.  The US 
> |> has never invaded Nicaragua (as far as I know).
> 
> The US invaded Nicaragua several times this century, including 
> October 1912, andf again in February 1927.
> 
> Haiti was occupied in 1915.

Thanks Jon.  I had forgotten about the 1912 and 1927 invasions (if I had
ever learned of them.  I mean I *really* forgot!)  But I read the context
as more recent, such as when the Sandinistas were expecting an "imminent"
invasion from the U.S. which never happened.

I stand corrected.  Thanks.

> 
> |>   Panama we invaded, true (twice this century). 
> 
> The US created Panama in the first place by fomenting and then
> intervening in a civil war in the then-Republic of Colombia.
> 
> US troops landed in Colombia, to "help" with the uprising, and then
> Colombia was duly dismembered and replaced by two countries, in 
> order that the US could build the Panama Canal in the new Republic
> of Panama.
> 

I remembered this one.  This one and Bush's invasion were the two I
mentioned above.  Good ol' Teddy R.-- he knew how to get things done!

> jon.

Regards,

Jim B.

From: danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4963@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>In article 21627@ousrvr.oulu.fi, kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko) writes:
>|>Dan Schaertel,,, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) wrote:
>|>
>|>
>|>What does this mean? To learn you must accept that you don't know 
>|>something, right-o. But to learn you must _accept_ something I don't
>|>know, why? This is not the way I prefer to learn. It is unwise to
>|>merely swallow everything you read. Suppose I write a book telling
>|>how the Great Invisible Pink Unicorn (tm) has helped me in my
>|>daily problems, would you accept this, since you can't know whether
>|>it is true or not?
>|>
>
>No one asks you to swallow everything, in fact Jesus warns against it.   But let
>me ask you a question.  Do you beleive what you learn in history class, or for
>that matter anything in school.  I mean it's just what other people have told
>you and you don't want to swallow what others say. right ... ?

Right.

>There is no way to get into a sceptical heart.  You can not say you have given a 
>sincere effort with the attitude you seem to have.  You must TRUST, not just go 
>to church and participate in it's activities.  Were you ever willing to die for what
>you believed?  

The Branch Dividians were. They believed and trusted so much that it became
impossible to turn back to reality. What you are advocating is total
irreversible brainwashing.

Dan



From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1r35oe$hqd@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> In article <1r2kt7$6e1@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> #In article <1qugin$9tf@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> #|> In article <1qkogg$k@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> #|>
|> #|> #And in that area, what you care about is whether someone is sceptical,
|> #|> #critical and autonomous on the one hand, or gullible, excitable and
|> #|> #easily led on the other.
|> #|> 
|> #|> Indeed I may.  And one may be an atheist and also be gullible, excitable
|> #|> and easily led.
|> #|> 
|> #|> #I would say that a tendency to worship tyrants and ideologies indicates
|> #|> #that a person is easily led.   Whether they have a worship or belief 
|> #|> #in a supernatural hero rather than an earthly one seems to me to be
|> #|> #beside the point.
|> #|> 
|> #|> Sure.  But whether or not they are atheists is what we are discussing,
|> #|> not whether they are easily led.  
|> #
|> #Not if you show that these hypothetical atheists are gullible, excitable
|> #and easily led from some concrete cause.   In that case we would also
|> #have to discuss if that concrete cause, rather than atheism, was the
|> #factor that caused their subsequent behaviour.
|> 
|> I'm not arguing that atheism causes such behaviour - merely that
|> it is not relevant to the definition of atheism, which is 'lack of belief in 
|> gods'.  

Throw away the FAQ.   We can all just ask Mr O'Dwyer, since he can
define the thing that the rest of us only talk about.

jon.

From: mccullou@snake10.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Gulf War / Selling Arms

In article <930421.120313.2L5.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>> Mathew, I agree.  This, it seems, is the crux of your whole position,
>> isn't it?  That the US shouldn't have supported Hussein and sold him arms
>> to fight Iran?  I agree.  And I agree in ruthlessly hunting down those
>> who did or do.  But we *did* sell arms to Hussein, and it's a done deal.
>> Now he invades Kuwait.  So do we just sit back and say, "Well, we sold
>> him all those arms, I suppose he just wants to use them now.  Too bad
>> for Kuwait."  No, unfortunately, sitting back and "letting things be"
>> is not the way to correct a former mistake.  Destroying Hussein's
>> military potential as we did was the right move.  But I agree with
>> your statement, Reagan and Bush made a grave error in judgment to
>> sell arms to Hussein.
>
>But it's STILL HAPPENING.  That's the entire point.  Only last month, John
>Major hailed it as a great victory that he had personally secured a sale of
>arms to Saudi Arabia.  The same month, we sold jet fighters to the same
>Indonesian government that's busy killing the East Timorese.

I heard about the arms sale to Saudi Arabia.  Now, how is it such a grave
mistake to sell Saudi Arabia weapons?  Or are you claiming that we shouldn't
sell any weapons to other countries?  Straightforward answer please.

>It's all very well to say "Oops, we made a boo-boo, better clean up the
>mistake", but the US and UK *keep* making the *same* mistake.  They do it so
>often that I can't believe it's not deliberate.  This suspicion is reinforced
>by the fact that the mistake is an extremely profitable one for a decrepit
>economy reliant on arms sales.

Who benefits from arms sales?  Hint, it isn't normally the gov't.  It is
the contractor that builds that piece of equipment.  Believe it or not,
the US and UK don't export the huge quantities of arms that you have
just accused them of doing.  Arms exports are rare enough, that it
requires an act of congress for non-small arms to most countries, if
not all.  Do you believe in telling everyone who can do what, and who
can sell their goods to whom?  

>
>mathew


-- 
***************************************************************************
* mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu * Never program and drink beer at the same *
* M^2                          *  time.  It doesn't work.                 *
***************************************************************************

From:  (Rashid)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr17.044430.801@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>,
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) wrote:
> 
Stuff deleted
> Now, I do not believe in _blindly_ following anyone, no matter
> how knowledgeable he or she may be in Islamic law.  If someone tells me
> "Islam says such and such", I immediately say "show me the support for
> this statement from the Qur'an and Sunnah".  I believe this to be my
> Islamic duty, for according to one hadith of the Prophet (peace and
> blessings of God be with him), if your leader tells you to enter a fire,
> and you do it (and kill yourself), then you have sinned for doing 
> wrong, even though you
> were _blindly_ following the instructions of your leader.  _I_ am
> responsible for my own actions, not Abu Hanifa, or Imam Malik, etc.,
> even if I am blindly following the opinions of Abu Hanifa etc.
> 
> With this in mind, to my understanding, we must look at the reasoning
> behind such opinions of Muslims that support Khomeini's fatwa.  Now, to
> my understanding, the hadith upon which those who support Khomeini's
> fatwa is relating to a particular instance that occurred during war
> time.  Now, brother, in general, it is IMHO ridiculous and wrong to say
> that a hadith relating to the actions of war is usable during times of
> peace.  I think any sensible human being can see this, so I personally
> think that the reasoning of some of our ulema in this matter is faulty,
> for they think it is legitimate to use acts of war in times of peace
> regarding this particular subject.
> 
> If you think I am wrong, please feel free to say so, _with your
> reasoning from Qur'an and hadith_, please.  Not because somebody said
> so, I want the reasoning from Al-Qur'an and the sahih hadiths.
> 
> Perhaps we should take our discussion to soc.religion.islam.  Please
> email me, Rashid, if you think we should do this.
>  
> By the way, I also disagree with your opinion regarding the punishment
> for apostasy.  The viewpoint I follow -- that there is in general no
> punishment for apostasy -- is _very_ strongly supported by Qur'an and
> hadith.  This is very well shown in the book "Punishment in Islamic Law"
> by Mohamed S. El-Awa (American Trust Publications, 1981).
> 

I reiterate that I would agree with you that there is little
justification for the punishment of apostasy in the Qur'an.
In Islamic history, as well, apostasy has rarely been punished. 
Belief is considered a matter of conscience and since there
is to be no compulsion in the matter of belief, apostates have
been generally left to believe or not believe as they will.

However, when an apostate makes attacks upon "God and
His Messenger" the situation changes. Now the charge of
apostasy may be complicated with other charges - perhaps 
charges of sedition, treason, spying, etc. If the person 
makes a public issue of their apostasy or mounts public
attacks (as opposed to arguement) against Islam, the
situation is likewise complicated. If the person spreads
slander or broadcasts falsehoods, again the situation
changes. The punishments vary according to the situation
the apostate is in. Anyhow, the charge of aggravated
apostasy would only be a subsidiary charge in Rushdie's case.

There is a distinction in the Qur'an between a formal war situation
and being in the situation where someone unilaterally
wages war (by their actions), creates disorder, makes mischief,etc. 
against the Muslims and creates a situation that results in harm 
to Muslims. Here, a small group or even a single individual could
be said to be engaged in such a practise. In other words, there is
a clear difference between a formal war situation (where two
clearly defined parties wage war, conclude treaties, exchange
prisoners, etc.), and dealing with attacks that come from isolated
individuals or groups against Islam. It is the second situation, 
the unilateral attack and the spreading of "fasad" that 
would apply in the case of Rushdie.

The matter of Rushdie is not a simple matter of banning an 
offensive book (banning the book is secondary) -
a full set of circumstances following the publication of
the book come into play as well, including the deaths of many
Muslims, and Rushdie's (and his publishers) Media games.


> Now, I do not believe in _blindly_ following anyone, no matter
> how knowledgeable he or she may be in Islamic law.  If someone tells me
> "Islam says such and such", I immediately say "show me the support for
> this statement from the Qur'an and Sunnah".  I believe this to be my
> Islamic duty, for according to one hadith of the Prophet (peace and
> blessings of God be with him), if your leader tells you to enter a fire,
> and you do it (and kill yourself), then you have sinned for doing 
> wrong, even though you
> were _blindly_ following the instructions of your leader.  _I_ am
> responsible for my own actions, not Abu Hanifa, or Imam Malik, etc.,
> even if I am blindly following the opinions of Abu Hanifa etc.

>Now, to
> my understanding, the hadith upon which those who support Khomeini's
> fatwa is relating to a particular instance that occurred during war
> time.  Now, brother, in general, it is IMHO ridiculous and wrong to say
> that a hadith relating to the actions of war is usable during times of
> peace.  I think any sensible human being can see this, so I personally
> think that the reasoning of some of our ulema in this matter is faulty,
> for they think it is legitimate to use acts of war in times of peace
> regarding this particular subject.

I am not sure which hadith you are referring to above. I believe
that one of the Qur'anic verses on which the fatwa is based is 5:33.
Every verse in the Qur'an has a corresponding "circumstance of
revelation" but in no way is the understanding (the tafsir) of the
verse restricted solely to the particular historical circumstance
in which it was revealed. If this was the case then we could say
that all the laws and regulations that were revealed when the
Muslims were NOT involved in conflict, should be suspended when
they were at war. The logic does not follow. In complex, real-life
situations, there may be many verses and many hadiths which can
all be related to a single, complicated situation. The internal
relationships between these verses may be quite complex, such that
arriving at an understanding of how the verses interlock and how
each applies to the particular situation can be quite a demanding task.
It is not necessarily a simple "this or that" process. There may
be many parameters involved, there may be a larger context in
which a particular situation should be viewed. All these matters
impinge on the situation.

In other words there is a great deal involved in deciphering the Qur'an.
The Qur'an asks us to reflect on its verses, but this reflection must
entail more than simply reading a verse and its corresponding hadith.
If the reflection is for the sake of increasing personal piety, then each
person has his own level of understanding and there is no harm in that.
However, if the reflection is in order to decide matters that pertain to
the
State, to the gestation of laws and rulings, to the gestation of society,
the dispensing of justice, the guidance of the community, then there 
are certain minimum requirements of understanding that one 
should achieve. Jaffar Ibn Muhammad as-Sadiq(a.s.) relates some of 
these requirements, as taught by the Prophet(S.A.), in a hadith:

"...he who does not distinguish in the Book of Allah the abrogating
verse from the abrogated one, and a specific one from a general one,
and a decisive from an ambiguous; and does not differentiate between
a permission and an obligation, and does not recognize a verse of
Meccan period from a Medinite one, and does not know the circumstances 
of revelation, and does not understand the technical words of
the Qur'an (whether simple or compound); and does not comprehend the
knowledge of decree and measure, and is ignorant of advancing and
delaying (in its verses); and does not distinguish the clear from
the deep, nor the manifest from the esoteric, nor the beginning
from the termination; and is unaware of the question and the answer,
the disjoining and the joining, and the exceptions and the all-inclusive,
and is ignorant of an adjective of a preceding noun that explains the
subsequent one; and is unaware of the emphasized subject and the
detailed one, the obligatory laws and the permissions, the places of the
duties and rules, and the meaning of the lawful and the unlawful; and
does not know the joined words, and the words that are related to those
coming before them, or after them - then such a man does not know
the Qur'an; nor is he among the people of the Qur'an....".

Based on these and other hadiths, and in accordance with many Qur'anic
verses ("Why should not a company from every group remain behind 
to gain profound understanding (tafaqquh) in religion and to warn 
people when they return to them, so that they may beware." (9:122)),
a science of jurisprudence arose. The requirements
for a person to be considered a mujtahid (one who can pronounce on
matters of law and religion) are many. I've listed a few major 
divisions below - there are, of course, many subdivisions within these
headings.

- Knowledge of Arabic (syntax, conjugation, roots, semantics, oratory).
- Knowledge of tafsir and principles of tafsir.
- Logic (mantiq)
- A knowledge of Hadiths
- A knowledge of transmitters (rijal)
- Knowledge of the principles of juriprudence (Qur'an, Sunnah, Consensus,
Reasoning)

The study of Qur'an and sunnah for purposes of law involves:
- discussion of imperatives (awamir)
- discussion of negative imperatives (nawahi)
- discussion of generalities and particularities (aam wa khas)
- discussion of unconditional and conditional
- discussion of tacit meanings
- discussion of the abstract and the clear
- discussion of the abrogator and the abrogated

The principles of Application of the law involves:
- principles of exemption
- principles of precaution
- principles of option
- principles of mastery

The jurisprudent is bound to go through a very rigorous process
in pronouncing judgement on a given situation. It is not a matter
of looking at one verse and one hadith. 

Now no one should blindly follow anyone, but there is a difference
between blind following and acceding to the opinion of someone who is
clearly more knowledgeable and more qualified than oneself. There is the
famous hadith of the Prophet (S.A.) in which he says:
"The fuqaha (religious scholars) are the trustees of the Prophet, as 
long as they do not concern themselves with the illicit desires, pleasures,
and wealth of this world." The Prophet (S.A.) was asked: "O Messenger
of God! How may we know if they so concern themselves?" He (S.A.) replied:
"By seeing whether they follow the ruling power. If they do that, fear for
your religion and shun them." I do not yet know enough about the Imams
of the four Sunni madhabs to comment on how this hadith applies
to them or to the contemporary scholars who base themselves upon them.

The Prophet also refered to the fuqaha as "The fortress of Islam". My only
point is to make it clear that arriving at a legal judgement calls into
play a certain amount of expertise - the specifics of this expertise is 
delineated in the Qur'an and hadith. Those who acquire this expertise
are praised in both the Qur'an and hadith - those who without the requisite
knowledge pronounce on matters that affect society, state, and religion 
are cautioned.

The only reason I said anything at all about the Rushdie affair in this
group, is because the whole basis for the discussion of the fatwa (that is,
apostasy), was wrong. When one discusses something they should at least
base their discussion on fact. Secondly, Khomeini was condemned as a
heretic
because he supposedly claimed to be infallible - another instance of
creating a straw man and then beating him.

> Perhaps we should take our discussion to soc.religion.islam.  Please
> email me, Rashid, if you think we should do this.

I agree that we should move the discussion to another newsgroup.
Unfortunately,
I do not have any access to email, so private discussion or a moderated
group
is out of the question (I cannot post to a moderated group like
soc.religion.islam. How about soc.culture.arabic or talk.religion.misc?

As salaam a-laikum

From:  (Rashid)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <116171@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) wrote:
> 
I have already made the clear claim that
> Khomeini advocates views which are in contradition with the Qur'an
> and have given my arguments for this. This is something that can be
> checked by anyone sufficiently interested. Khomeini, being dead,
> really can't respond, but another poster who supports Khomeini has
> responded with what is clearly obfuscationist sophistry. This should
> be quite clear to atheists as they are less susceptible to religionist
> modes of obfuscationism. 
> 

Don't mind my saying this but the best example of obfuscation is to
condemn without having even your most basic facts straight. If you
want some examples, go back and look at your previous posts, where
you manage to get your facts wrong about the fatwa and Khomeini's 
supposed infallibility.

As salaam a-laikum

From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Consciousness part II - Kev Strikes Back!

Kevin Anthoney (kax@cs.nott.ac.uk) wrote:

(about my reply)

> Diplomatic :-)

It a society that is constantly on the verge of flaming, Usenet, diplomacy
is the best way to ensure the voice of reason gets through, isn't it?

> I realize I'm fighting Occam's razor in this argument, so I'll try to
> explain why I feel a mind is necessary. 

Kevin, unfortunately you are now delving into field I know too little
about, algorithms. Your reasoning, as I see it, is very much along the
lines of Roger Penrose, who claimed that mathematical 'insight' cannot
be algorithmic in his book _The emperor's new mind: Concerning
computers, minds, and the laws of physics_. However, Penrose's
claim that he _has_ mathematical insight, or your similar claim
that wavefunctions collapse only when we consciously take a look,
could be just illusions.

We are obviouslu taking very different viewpoints - I try to ponder
on the problem of consciousness from an evolutionary perspective,
realising that it might not be anything special, but certainly
useful. Thinking back of what I wrote, do you think worms have minds
or not? They are able to experience pain, at least they behave 
just like that. Yet it is conceivable that we might some day
in the future perform a "total synthesis of C. elegans" from
the elements. Would such a worm have a mind?

> Firstly, I'm not impressed with the ability of algorithms. They're
> great at solving problems once the method has been worked out, but not
> at working out the method itself.

This is true to some extent. However, I do not think that our brains
work like computers, at all. In fact, there is substantial evidence
(Skarda, 1985; Skarda & Freeman 1987) that brains work more or less
chaotically, generating enough randomness for mental states to evolve.
Our brains work much like genetic algorithm generators, I suppose.

> the trick still has to be there in some form to be discovered. Does
> this mean that all the ideas we will ever have are already
> pre-programmed into our brains? This is somewhat unlikely, given that
> our brains ultimately are encoded in 46 chromosomes worth of genetic
> material, much of which isn't used.

Indeed, this is extremely unlikely, given the vast impact of nurture
on our mind and brain. I suggest, however, that before trying to
understand our consciousness as a collection of algorithms. 

Kevin, take a look at the references I mentioned, and think again.
I still think the best experts on the nature of a conscious mind
are neurologists, neuropsychologists and biologists (but do not 
flame me for my opinions), since they study beings that are
conscious. 

The reason I am repeating my advice is that this discussion cannot
lead to anywhere if our backgrounds are too different.

And please, do not bring QM into this discussion at all - not
all physicists are happy with the claim that our consciousness
plays some special role in physics. I would say it doesn't.

> The other problem with algorithms is their instability. Not many
> algorithms survive if you take out a large portion of their code, yet
> people survive strokes without going completely haywire (there are
> side-effects, but patients still seem remarkably stable.) Also,
> neurons in perfectly healthy people are dying at an alarming rate -
> can an algorithm survive if I randomly corrupt various bits of it's
> code?

Again, _brains are not computers_. Don't forget this. This does not
mean they need something else to work - they just work differently.
Their primary 'purpose' is perception and guidance of action, 
self-awareness and high intelligence are later appearances.

> The next problem is the sticky question of "What is colour?" (replace
> 'colour' with the sensation of your choice.) Presumably, the
> materialist viewpoint is that it's the product of some kind of
> chemical reaction. The usual products of such a reaction are energy +
> different chemicals. Is colour a mixture of these?

You are still expecting that we could find the idea of 'green' in
our brains somewhere, perhaps in the form of some chemical. This is
not how I see it. The sensation 'green' is a certain time-dependent
pattern in the area V4 of our visual cortex, and it is distributed
with the help of areas V1 and V2 to the rest of the brain. 

Indeed, a firing pattern. I have sometimes thought of our consciousness
as a global free induction pattern of these local firing patterns,
but this is just idle speculation.

Scientific American's September 1992 issue was a special issue on
mind and brain. Have you already read it from cover to cover? ;-)
There are two articles on visual perception, so you might be 
interested.

But again, please note that subjective experiences cannot be 
observed from a third-person perspective. If we see nothing but 
neuronal activity, we cannot go on to conclude that this is not the
mind.

Kalat (1988) writes about numerous examples where electric stimulation
of different areas of brain have led to various changes in the 
patients' state of mind. For instance, a patient whose septal area
was stimulated (without his knowledge) by remote control during
a psychiatric interview was quickly cured of his depression, and
started discussing a plan to seduce his girlfriend.

Stimulations in the temporal lobe have sometimes led to embarrassing
situations, when the patients have started flirting with the
therapist.

In conclusion, there is evidence that

1) brains are essentially necessary for subjective experiences, 
   brain damage is usually equivalent to some sort of mind damage

2) conscious processes involve substantial brain activity in
   various areas of brain - when we think of colours, our
   visual cortex is activated etc.

3) consciousness is an afterthought - we become conscious of our
   actions with a half a second delay, and our brains are ahead
   of our 'conscious will' by at least 350 ms. 

Thus, I think it is fruitful to turn the question "Why do 'I' see
colours" around and ask "What is this 'I' that seems to be 
observing?", since it seems that our conscious mind is not
the king of our brains.

> If this is so, a
> computer won't see colour, because the chemistry is different. Does an
> algorithm that sees colour have a selective advantage over an
> equivalent that doesn't? It shouldn't, because the outputs of each
> algorithm ought to be the same in equivalent circumstances. So why do
> we see colour?

This depends on what is meant by 'seeing colours'. Does a neural
network that is capable of recognising handwritten numbers from
0 to 9 see the numbers, if it is capable of sorting them?

If you are asking, "why does an animal who is conscious of itself
as an observer have an evolutionary advantage over an animal who
doesn't", I have a good answer - read my previous posting,
where I wrote why a sense of identity helps social animals to swap
roles and act more morally, so that they don't unconsciously
kill each other with newly discovered weapons. (A bit extreme,
but this is the basic idea.)

When early _Homo_ became more and more efficient in using tools, 
a sense of identity and the concept of 'self' had to evolve in
line with this development. Indeed, respect for others and 
conscious altruistic behaviour might be evolutionary advantages
for social animals, such as early humans. 

> If I remember correctly, quantum mechanics consists of a wavefunction,
> with two processes acting on it. The first process has been called
> 'Unitary Evolution' (or 'U'), is governed by Schroedinger's equation
> and is well known. The second process, called various things such as
> 'collapse of the wavefunction' or 'state vector reduction' (or 'R'),
> and is more mysterious. It is usually said to occur when a
> 'measurement' takes place, although nobody seems to know precisely
> when that occurs. When it does occur, the effect of R is to abruptly
> change the wavefunction.

If minds are required for this, does this mean that until human
minds came to the scene, wavefunctions never collapsed, but remained
in the superpositions for aeons? My, how powerful we are.

This has been discussed before, and I think this topic is irrelevant,
since we do not agree that minds are necessary, and neither do
physicists. 

> Anyway, I'm speculating that minds would be in part X. There seems to
> be some link between consciousness and R, in that we never see linear
> superpositions of anything, although there are alternative
> explainations for this. I've no idea how a brain is supposed to access
> part X, but since this is only speculation, that won't matter too
> much :-) My main point is that there might be a place for minds in
> physics.

I agree, but not in the sense you apparently mean above - physics
needs sharp minds to solve many real problems. ;-)

> I'll go back to my nice padded cell now, if that's OK with you :-)

It's OK, if you don't forget to take with you the references I
wrote about in my previous posting, plus the following:

Kalat, James W. (1988): Biological Psychology.
3rd ed., Wadsworth Publishing Company, Belmont, CA 1988.

Skarda, C. (1985): Explaining behavior: Bringing the brain back in.
Inquiry 29:187-202.

Skarda, C. & Freeman, W. (1987): How brains make chaos in order to
make sense of the world. 
Behavioral and Brain Sciences 10:161-173.

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Consciousness part II - Kev Strikes Back!

Scott D. Sauyet (SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu) wrote:
> In <1993Apr21.163848.8099@cs.nott.ac.uk> 
> Kevin Anthony (kax@cs.nott.ac.uk) writes:

> > Firstly, I'm not impressed with the ability of algorithms. They're
> > great at solving problems once the method has been worked out, but not
> > at working out the method itself.
>   [ .. crossword example deleted ... ]

> Have you heard of neural networks?  I've read a little about them, and
> they seems to overcome most of your objections.

I'm sure there are many people who work with neural networks and
read this newsgroup. Please tell Kevin what you've achieved, and
what you expect.

> I am not saying that NNs will solve all such problems, but I think
> they show that it is not as hard as you think to come up with
> mechanical models of consciousness.

Indeed. I think dualism is a non-solution, or, as Dennett recently
put it, a dead horse. 

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

From: kax@cs.nott.ac.uk (Kevin Anthoney)
Subject: Re: Consciousness part II - Kev Strikes Back!

In article <1993Apr17.045559.12900@ousrvr.oulu.fi>
kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko) writes:

>Kevin Anthoney (kax@cs.nott.ac.uk) wrote:
>
>: This post is probably either brilliant or insane. Do let me know
>: which... :-)
>
>A brilliant example of using the introspective objection against 
>materialist theories of consciousness.

Diplomatic :-)

I realize I'm fighting Occam's razor in this argument, so I'll try to
explain why I feel a mind is necessary. 

Firstly, I'm not impressed with the ability of algorithms. They're
great at solving problems once the method has been worked out, but not
at working out the method itself.

As a specific example, I like to solve numerical crosswords (not the
simple do-the-sums-and-insert-the-answers type, the hard ones.) To do
these with any efficiency, you need to figure out a variety of tricks.
Now, I know that you can program a computer to do these puzzles, but
in doing so you have to work out the tricks _yourself_, and program
them into the computer. You can, of course, 'obfuscate' the trick, and
write the program so that it is uncovered, but as far as I can see,
the trick still has to be there in some form to be discovered. Does
this mean that all the ideas we will ever have are already
pre-programmed into our brains? This is somewhat unlikely, given that
our brains ultimately are encoded in 46 chromosomes worth of genetic
material, much of which isn't used.

One way around this is to bring the environment into the equation, but
(again, as far as I can see) this still has an air of 'if you see
object X, then perform action Y,' and we don't seem to get anywhere.
The algorithm has to anticipate what it might see, and what
conclusions to draw from it's experience.

The other problem with algorithms is their instability. Not many
algorithms survive if you take out a large portion of their code, yet
people survive strokes without going completely haywire (there are
side-effects, but patients still seem remarkably stable.) Also,
neurons in perfectly healthy people are dying at an alarming rate -
can an algorithm survive if I randomly corrupt various bits of it's
code?

The next problem is the sticky question of "What is colour?" (replace
'colour' with the sensation of your choice.) Presumably, the
materialist viewpoint is that it's the product of some kind of
chemical reaction. The usual products of such a reaction are energy +
different chemicals. Is colour a mixture of these? If this is so, a
computer won't see colour, because the chemistry is different. Does an
algorithm that sees colour have a selective advantage over an
equivalent that doesn't? It shouldn't, because the outputs of each
algorithm ought to be the same in equivalent circumstances. So why do
we see colour?


>
>However, such a view is actually a nonsolution. How should minds be
>able to act as observers, feel pain and pleasure and issue
>commands any better than the brain? Moreover, how do the interactions
>occur?

A bit of idle speculation...

If I remember correctly, quantum mechanics consists of a wavefunction,
with two processes acting on it. The first process has been called
'Unitary Evolution' (or 'U'), is governed by Schroedinger's equation
and is well known. The second process, called various things such as
'collapse of the wavefunction' or 'state vector reduction' (or 'R'),
and is more mysterious. It is usually said to occur when a
'measurement' takes place, although nobody seems to know precisely
when that occurs. When it does occur, the effect of R is to abruptly
change the wavefunction.

I envisage R as an interaction between the wavefunction and 'something
else,' which I shall imaginitively call 'part X.' It seems reasonable
to assume that _something_ causes R, although that something might be
the wavefunction itself (in which case, part X is simply the
wavefunction. Note, though, that we'd need more than U to explain R.)

Anyway, I'm speculating that minds would be in part X. There seems to
be some link between consciousness and R, in that we never see linear
superpositions of anything, although there are alternative
explainations for this. I've no idea how a brain is supposed to access
part X, but since this is only speculation, that won't matter too
much :-) My main point is that there might be a place for minds in
physics.

I'll go back to my nice padded cell now, if that's OK with you :-)

>
>
>Petri

-- 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kevin Anthoney                                         kax@cs.nott.ac.uk
            Don't believe anything you read in .sig files.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4963@eastman.UUCP>, dps@nasa.kodak.com (Dan Schaertel,,,)
wrote:
> 
> 
> The life , death, and resurection of Christ is documented historical fact. 

Not by any standard of history I've seen. Care to back this up, sans the
lies apologists are so fond of?

> However all the major events of the life
> of Jesus Christ were fortold hundreds of years before him.  Neat trick uh?

Not really. Most of the prophesies aren't even prophesies. They're prayers
and comments taken from the Torah quite out of context. Seems Xians started
lying right from the beginning.

> 
> There is no way to get into a sceptical heart.  You can not say you have given a 
> sincere effort with the attitude you seem to have.

My we're an arrogant ass, aren't we?

> You must TRUST, not just go 
> to church and participate in it's activities. 

You're wrong to think we haven't. The trust was in something that doesn't
exist.

> Were you ever willing to die for what
> you believed?  

I'm still willing to die for what I believe and don't believe. So were the
loonies in Waco. So what? 

Besides, the point's not to die for what one believes in. The point's to
make that other sorry son-of-a-bitch to die for what *he* believes in!   :)

Doesn't anyone else here get tired of these cretins' tirades?

Peter the Damed, and damned proud of it!

Don't forget to sing:
            They say there's a heaven for those who will wait
                Some say it's better, but I say it ain't
        I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
                     The sinners are much more fun
                         Only the good die young!

From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: Cults Vs. Religions?

In article <1r4bfe$7hg@aurora.engr.LaTech.edu>, ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill
Ray) wrote:
> 
> James Thomas Green (jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu) wrote:
> 
> :  
> : So in conclusion it can be shown that there is essentially no
> : logical argument which clearly differentiates a "cult" from a
> : "religion".  I challenge anyone to produce a distinction which
> : is clear and can't be easily knocked down.  
> 
> How about this one: a religion is a cult which has stood the test
> of time.

Or a religion is a cult that got co-opted by people who are better at
compartmentalizing their irrationality.

Peter

Don't forget to sing:
            They say there's a heaven for those who will wait
                Some say it's better, but I say it ain't
        I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
                     The sinners are much more fun
                         Only the good die young!

From: mccullou@snake10.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

In article <930421.121209.0e2.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>> The problem with most peace-niks it they consider those of us who are
>> not like them to be "bad" and "unconscionable".  I would not have any
>> argument or problem with a peace-nik if they held to their ideals and
>> stayed out of all conflicts or issues, especially those dealing with 
>> the national defense.  But no, they are not willing to allow us to
>> legitimately hold a different point-of-view.  They militate and 
>> many times resort to violence all in the name of peace.
>
><Yawn>  Another right-wing WASP imagining he's an oppressed minority. 
>Perhaps Camille Paglia is right after all.

Personal attacks?  

>"I would not have any argument or problem with a peace-nik if they [...]
>stayed out of all conflicts or issues"?  I bet you wouldn't.  You'd love it. 

Deliberate misinterpretation of a persons statement?  (By cutting out
the part of the statement, he tries to blunt the thrust of the sentence.
He never addresses the issue of extreemist peace people not holding true
to their ideals.)

>But what makes you think that sitting back, saying nothing about defense
>issues, and letting people like you make all the decisions is anything to do
>with "their ideals"?

Ignoring the challenge?  (He ignores the challenge that extreemists for
peace tend to be quite insistent that everyone accept their ideals for
the world, and have even turned quite violent.  (Witness, Chicago, summer
1968)).

>
>mathew

Paranoia?  (He assumes that anyone who argues against his viewpoint must
"masturbate over Guns'N'Ammo.")

Fire up the Oven, it isn't hot enough!

-- 
***************************************************************************
* mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu * Never program and drink beer at the same *
* M^2                          *  time.  It doesn't work.                 *
***************************************************************************

From: mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

In article <37501@optima.cs.arizona.edu> sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed) writes:
>This is the most unmitigated bilge I've seen in a while. Jim Brown obviously
>has possession of the right-wing token.
>
>> Diplomatic alternatives, including sanctions, were ineffective.
>
>"In December, former national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski told a
>Senate committee that sanctions were costing Iraq $100 million per day, and
>that the multinational coalition could take all the time in the world.
>Iraq, he suggested, was losing badly every day it defied the UN demands,
>while the community of nations won every day -- with no taking of life or
>loss of life."  -- FCNL Washington Newsletter.

As I understand, that number is deceptive.  The reason is that the money
cost was in non-oil sales for the most part.  Iraq still is not allowed
to sell oil, or do many of the things under the initial sanctions, but
is still surviving.

>> And BTW, the reason I brought up the blanket-bombing in Germany was 
>> because you were bemoaning the Iraqi civilian casualties as being 
>> "so deplorable".  Yet blanket bombing was instituted because bombing 
>> wasn't accurate enough to hit industrial/military targets in a 
>> decisive way by any other method at that time.  But in the Gulf War, 
>> precision bombing was the norm.
>
>BULLSHIT!!! In the Gulf Massacre, 7% of all ordnance used was "smart." The
>rest - that's 93% - was just regular, dumb ol' iron bombs and stuff. Have
>you forgotten that the Pentagon definition of a successful Patriot launch
>was when the missile cleared the launching tube with no damage? Or that a
>successful interception of a Scud was defined as "the Patriot and Scud
>passed each other in the same area of the sky"?

Of the ~93% (I have heard figures closer to 80%, but I won't quibble your
figures), most was dropped in carpet bombing of regions only occupied by
enemy troops.  A B-52 drops a lot of bombs in one sortie, and we used them
around the clock.  Not to mention other smaller aircraft using dumb
munitions.  

2.  The Patriot uses a proximity fuse.  The adjusted figures for number
of Patriot kills of SS-1 derivitives is ~60-70%.  That figure came
not from some fluke in the Pentagon, but a someone working with such
stuff in another part of DoD.

3.  The statement precision bombing was the norm, is true around areas
where civilians were close to the target.  We dropped by tonnage very
little bombs in populated regions, explaining the figures.  

>And of the 7% that was the "smart" stuff, 35% hit. Again - try to follow me
>here - that means 65% of this "smart" arsenal missed.

This figure, is far below all the other figures I have seen.  If it
is indeed accurate, then how do you explain the discrepancy between
that figure, and other figures from international organizations?
Most figures I have seen place the hit ratio close to 70%, which is 
still far higher than your 35%.  Or does your figure say a bomb
missed if the plane took off with it, and the bomb never hit the target,
regardless of whether or not the bomb was dropped?  Such methods
are used all the time to lie with statistics.

>>                                                       The stories
>> of "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi civilian dead is just plain bunk.
>
>Prove it. I have a source that says that to date, the civilian death count
>(er, excuse me, I mean "collateral damage") is about 200,000.

I have _never_ seen any source that was claiming such a figure.  Please
post the source so its reliability can be judged.  



-- 
***************************************************************************
* mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu * Never program and drink beer at the same *
* M^2                          *  time.  It doesn't work.                 *
***************************************************************************

From: pauld@verdix.com (Paul Durbin)
Subject: Re: DAVID CORESH IS! GOD!

On one of the morning shows (I think is was the Today Show), David Koresh's
lawyer was interviewed. During that interview he flipped through some letters
that David Koresh wrote. On one of letters was written in Hebrew (near the
bottom of the page):

  koresh adonai

Did anyone else see that? What could this mean by him (David) writing this?

From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: It's all Mary's fault!

dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
>   Nice attempt Chris . . . verrry close.
> 
>   You missed the conspiracy by 1 step. Joseph knew who knocked her up.
> He couldn't let it be known that somebody ELSE got ol' Mary prego. That
> wouldn't do well for his popularity in the local circles. So what 
> happened is that she was feeling guilty, he was feeling embarrassed, and
> THEY decided to improve both of their images on what could have otherwise
> been the downfall for both. Clever indeed. Come to think of it . . . I
> have gained a new respect for the couple. Maybe Joseph and Mary should
> receive all of the praise being paid to jesus.

Lucky for them that the baby didn't have any obvious deformities!  I could
just see it now: Mary gets pregnant out of wedlock so to save face she and
Joseph say that it was God that got her pregnant and then the baby turns
out to be deformed, or even worse, stillborn!  They'd have a lot of
explaining to do.... :-)

> Dave "Buckminster" Fuller
> How is that one 'o keeper of the nicknames ?

Nanci
.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
Life does not cease to be funny when people die, any more than it ceases to
be serious when people laugh.


From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re:  Islam And Scientific Predictions (was

In article <C5L1Fv.H9r@ra.nrl.navy.mil> khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil (Umar Khan) writes:
>How would a man of 7th Century Arabia have known
>what *not to include* in the Holy Qur'an (assuming he had authored
>it)?  
>

  So now we're judging the Qur'an by what's not in it?  

  How many mutton headed arguments am I going to have to wade
  through today?

>Lots of other books have been written on this subject.  Those
>books can speak far more eloquently than I.

  One would hope.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: jmunch@hertz.elee.calpoly.edu (John Munch)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr15.212943.15118@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:
>P.S. I'm not sure about this but I think the charge of "shatim" also
>applies to Rushdie and may be encompassed under the umbrella
>of the "fasad" ruling.

Please define the words "shatim" and "fasad" before you use them again.

/---- John David Munch ------------------ jmunch@hertz.elee.calpoly.edu ----\
|...." the heart can change, be full of hate, or love. If people are allowed|
|to base their lives through their hearts, anything can happen. A dangerous |
|situation, in my opinion." -Bobby Mozumder describing problems with atheism|

From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <1993Apr15.163317.20805@cs.nott.ac.uk> eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (C.Wainwright) writes:
>In article <115437@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
>|> The authorities I am referring to is the authority of the world
>|> Islamic community over itself. My point was simply that Islamic
>|> law does apply to muslims wherever they are despite the fact that 
>|> Islamic law may not be enforcable in non-Islamic countries.

>Muslims residing in the UK may decide to be 'tried' (or whatever) by the
>Islamic community, but their rulings have no legal consequences in these
>isles.  

It's not really their _decision_ to be tried. The rulings _do_ have
legal consequences, but only in Islamic law and not in UK law (this
should be obvious). Enforcing a judgment is distinct from the making
of a judgment. Take for example the judgments of the World Court. This
is an internationally recognized tribunal whose judgments often have no
physical or economic effect but which _are_ important despite the fact
that their judgments cannot be enforced

>The person may be excommunicated (or similar) but if it decided to 
>mete out violent laws such as the fatwa then it would be breaking UK laws
>itself, and the persons doing such would be liable to prosecution. 


Of course, have you read any of this thread before this post? 


> To ignore
>the country's laws in preference to religious laws which are not indigenous
>to the country in question is an absurd and arrogant notion.

Of course, it is a sort of anarchism. Anarchism is explicitly against
Islam. Thank you for your well reasoned response, but it is beside the
points I've been making in this thread. 


Gregg



From: kutluk@ccl.umist.ac.uk (Kutluk Ozguven)
Subject: Re: Jewish Settlers Demolish a Mosque in Gaza

In <C5IwxM.G0z@news.chalmers.se> d9bertil@dtek.chalmers.se (Bertil Jonell) writes:

>In article <kutluk.734797558@ccl.umist.ac.uk> kutluk@ccl.umist.ac.uk (Kutluk Ozguven) writes:
>>Atheists are not
>>mentioned in the Quran because from a Quranic point of view, and a
>>minute's reasoning, one can see that there is no such thing.

>  But there are people who say that they are Atheists. If they aren't Atheists,
>what are they?

When the Quran uses the word *din* it means way of individual thinking, behaving,
communal order and protocols based on a set of beliefs. This is often
interpreted as the much weaker term religion. 

The atheists are not mentioned in the Quran along with Jews,
Mushriqin, Christians, etc. because the  latter are all din. To have a
din you need a set of beliefs, assumptions, etc, to forma a social
code. For example the Marxist have those, such as History, Conflict,
etc. That they do not put idols (sometimes they did) to represent
those assuptions  does not mean they are any different from the other
Mushriq, or roughly polytheists. 

There cannot be social Atheism, because when there is a community,
that community needs common ideas or standard beliefs to coordinate 
the society. When they inscribe assumptions, say Nation, or "Progress is 
the natural consequence of Human activity" or "parlamentarian
democracy is doubtlessly the best way of government", however 
they individually insist they do not have gods, from the Quranic point
of view they do. Therefore by definition, atheism does not exist. 
"We are a atheist society" in fact means "we reject the din other than
ours". 

Atheism can only exist when people reject all the idols/gods/dogmas/
suppositions/.. of the society that they part, and in that case that
is a personal deviation of belief, and Quran tells about such
deviations and disbelief. But as I mentioned, from a Quranic point of
looking at things, there is no Atheism in the macro level. 

I think it took more than one minute.

Kutluk

From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Nostalgia


  The recent rise of nostalgia in this group, combined with the
  incredible level of utter bullshit, has prompted me to comb
  through my archives and pull out some of "The Best of Alt.Atheism"
  for your reading pleasure.  I'll post a couple of these a day
  unless group concensus demands that I stop, or I run out of good
  material.

  I haven't been particularly careful in the past about saving
  attributions.  I think the following comes from John A. Johnson,
  but someone correct me if I'm wrong.  This is probably the longest
  of my entire collection.

________________________________________________________


                                  So that the
                                  Prophecy be
                                   Fulfilled

                                     * * *

       In considering the Christian religion, and judging it
according to its claims, it is important to look at its claims at
fulfilling earlier Jewish prophecy.  The scribe Matthew is perhaps
the most eager to draw out what he thinks are prophetic answers in
the career of Jesus of Nazareth.  As you will see, Matthew's main
strategy is to take various Old Testament passages, often not even
about the promised Messiah, and apply them to the circumstances in
the New Testament.  We must also bear in mind the question of the
authenticity of the accounts.  Since the gospels were written at
least 35 years after Jesus was executed, we do not know how much
happened exactly as stated.  But, for purposes of analysis, we
will take particular claims at face value.

Immanuel:

       We begin, of course, at the beginning.

       (Mt 1.21-22):  "[Mary] will bear a son, and you,
       Joseph, will name him 'Jesus' (which means G'd is
       salvation), for he will save his people from their
       sins."  All this happened to fulfil what the lord had
       spoken by a prophet:

       [Isaiah 7.1-16]:  In the days of Ahaz (c. 750 BCE),
       king of Judah, Rezin of Syria and Pekah of Israel made
       war on Jerusalem (capitol of Judah), but could not
       quite conquer it.  When the house of David (i.e. Ahaz
       and his court in Judah) were told of this, ...its
       heart and the heart of its people shook...   And, the
       lord G'd said to Isaiah, "go to meet with Ahaz..." 
       ...And the lord spoke to Ahaz (through prophet Isaiah,
       naturally) saying, "Ask a sign of G'd your lord.  It
       can be as deep as Sheol or as high as heaven."  But,
       Ahaz said, "I won't ask; I will not put the lord to a
       test."  Then (Isaiah) said, "Hear then, O house of
       David.  Is it not enough for you to weary men, that
       you must weary my god too?  Therefore, the lord
       himself will give you a sign:  Behold, a young woman
       is with child and will bear a son, and name him
       "Immanuel," which means, "G'd is with us."   He will
       eat curds and honey when he knows how to refuse evil
       and choose good.  For, before the child knows how to
       refuse evil and choose good, the land of the two kings
       you dread will have been deserted...

Matthew homes in on just the sentence that is in italics. 
Further, he the Hebrew word "almah," (young woman), as
specifically, "virgin."  But, this is not a prophecy about the
Messiah.  It is not a prophecy about an event to happen 750 years
later.  It is not a prophecy about a virgin (bethulah) mother.  In
short, it not about Jesus.  Matthew has made use of a verse out of
context, and tries to make it fit the specific case of Mary.  It
should be noted that if we want to read the prophecy in a general
manner, a very general one, it can be made to fit Mary.  Mary,
virgin or not, was indeed a young woman with child.  Of course,
the fit is shady and has problems.  Jesus, while thought of by
later Christians to be G'd walking among men, was never called by
the name, Immanuel.  If Christianity wished to claim this prophecy
for Jesus, it becomes at best a cut-and-paste prophecy... a second
class prophecy.   Not too convincing.

Egypt:

       After Jesus's birth in Bethlehem, Matthew tells about a
quick (and elsewhere unmentioned) excursion to Egypt, as if he
wishes to liken Jesus to Moses.  This was done to escape an
alleged infanticidal rampage of the king, Herod.

       [Mt 2.15]  ...and remained there until the death of
       Herod.  This was to fulfil what the lord had spoken:
       "Out of Egypt I have cal-led my son."


What the lord really said was this.

       [Hosea 11.1]  When Israel was a child, I loved him. 
       And, out of Egypt I called my son.  The more I called
       them (my people), the more they went from me; they
       kept sacrificing to the Ba'als, and kept burning
       incense to idols.

Matthew conveniently omits the rest of Hosea's oracle.  But, it
was indeed Israel that, once called out of Egypt, wanted to
return.  This is history.  Jesus is certainly not being spoken of
here.  And, if we are to draw some kind of parallel here, we wind
up with a Jesus that flees and resists G'd.   Again, this prophecy
is just not as convincing as Matthew probably had hoped.

Rachel Weeps:

        While Jesus is off vacationing in Egypt, Matthew says that
King Herod sought to kill him, and thus ordered the executions of
all young male children.  Matthew then writes,

       [Mt 2.17-18]   By this, that which was spoken by the
       prophet Jeremiah was fulfilled:

       "A voice was heard in Ramah, wailing and loud
       lamentation-- Rachel weeping for her children;
       she refused to be consoled, because they were
       no more."   

The reference is to a passage in Jeremiah 31.15, referring to the
carrying off of Israel into exile by Sargon (of Assyria) in 722
BCE.  Rachel, the ancestor of the major tribes of Israel, Ephraim,
and Manasseh, is said to weep for her descendants who are "no
more."  It is metaphorical, of course, since Rachel lived and dies
before the Hebrews were even in the Egyptian exile.
       It is interesting to note that it was Leah, not Rachel, who
was the ancestor of the Judeans (the land where Jesus and
Bethlehem were).  If anyone should do weeping for her "children,"
it is Leah.  The only connexion that Rachel has with Bethlehem is
that the legends have it that she was buried north of the city,
"on the way to Ephrath, (Bethlehem)."
       As for Herod and his infanticide, it is rather unlikely
that such an event actually occurred.  One never knows, but the
event is not mentioned or alluded to anywhere else in the Bible,
nor is it mentioned in any of the secular records of the time. 
Herod was particularly unliked in his reign, and many far less
evil deeds of Herod were carefully recorded.  This might be a
prime example of how events were added to Jesus's life to enhance
the message of the church's gospel.
       Because of the whole story's similarity to the tale of the
infant Moses in Egypt, it is highly likely that it is a device set
up by Matthew to add prophetic, yet artificial, approval of Jesus.
It is not surprising that Matthew conveniently neglects to mention
the rest of the Jeremiah quote.   The "children" the prophet
speaks of are not dead, but exiled in the Assyrian Empire.  G'd
comforts the weeping Rachel, saying that the children will be
returned-- he will gather them back together.  Of course, this
would not suit Matthew's purpose, as the children he speaks of are
dead for good.  Again, the "prophecy" Matthew sets up is not even
that, and to anyone who bothers to check it out, is not too
convincing.

The Nazarene:

       We do not even have to go to the next chapter to find
another Matthean prophecy.  After leaving Egypt, Joseph & wife
take the infant Jesus to live in the city of Nazareth, 

       [Mt 2.23]  ...that what was spoken of by the prophets
       might be fulfilled, "He shall be called a Nazarene."

First thing we notice is that Matthew does not mention the name of
the prophet(s) this time.  Second, we have to ask who "He" is. 
There are no Messianic prophecies speaking of a Nazarene.  Worse,
there are no prophecies, period, mentioning a Nazarene.  Still
worse, there are no Nazarenes mentioned in the Old Testament at
all.  In the book of Judges, an angel tells Samson's mother that
she will,

       [Judges 13.5]  "...conceive and bear a son.  No razor
       shall tough his head, for he will be a Nazirite to his
       god from the day of his birth.  He will deliver Israel
       from the hands of the Philistines."

This is of course not a prophecy of Jesus, or the messiah of G'd. 
But, it is the best that can be found.  Obviously, Matthew has
begun to go overboard in cut-and-paste prophecies, in that he is
simple making them up now.

Bearing our
Diseases:

       Jesus next goes around healing people of physical illnesses
and disabilities.

       [Mt 8.17]   This was to fulfil what was spoken by the
       prophet Isaiah, "He took our infirmities and bore our
       diseases."

As expected, the verse quoted in Isaiah is quoted out of context,
and a few words are skewed to fit the Christian scheme.  We have,

       [Is 53.4]  Surely he, [the suffering servant], has
       borne our sickness, and carried our pains.

From a reading of the surrounding passages in Isaiah, we know that
the prophet is speaking in present tense of the collective nation
of Israel, Jehovah's chosen servant and people.  He speaks to the
Israelites suffering in exile, in the voice of the gentile nations
that look upon it.  This image is deeply ingrained in Jewish
identity --an image of a chastised, yet cherished, Israel as the
instrument of the nations' salvation by G'd.
      The verses speak of Israel taking on the sicknesses which
are the literal and metaphorical manifestations of guilt and
discipline.  They do not speak of a "servant" going around and
healing people.  Notice that the servant in Isaiah takes on the
sicknesses and pains of the nations (and individual Jews).  Jesus,
as we all know, did not take the diseases onto himself.  The
verses here in Isaiah are not a prophecy of something to come, but
rather something that had already happened.  While it is believed
that Jesus took on the eternal punishment of hell, he did not bear
the illnesses he healed.  So, while someone might want to say
that, figuratively, Jesus reenacted the deeds of Israel in his
spiritual atonement, he has to admit that Matthew's parallel
misses where he intended it to have its effect.


Silent Messiah:

      Upon healing multitudes of commoners, it is said that Jesus
ordered them to keep quiet, presumable so that he wouldn't arouse
the attention of the local rulers.

       [Mt 12.15-21]  This was to fulfill what was spoken by
       the prophet Isaiah.   

       "Behold my servant whom I have chosen, my beloved,
       with whom my soul is pleased.  I will put my spirit on
       him, and he will announce justice to the Gentiles.  He
       will not wrangle or cry aloud, nor will anyone hear
       his voice in the streets.  He will not break a bruised
       reed or quench a smoldering wick until he brings
       justice to victory, and the gentiles will hope in his
       name."

The Isaiah passage quoted reads,

       [Is 42.1-4]  Behold my servant whom I uphold, my
       chosen, in whom my soul delights.  I have put my
       spirit on him, and he will bring forth justice to the
       nations.  We will not cry or lift up his voice, or
       make it heard in the street.  He will not break a
       bruised reed, or quench a smoldering wick.  He will
       faithfully bring forth justice.  He will not fail
       (burn dimly) or be discouraged (bruised) until he has
       established justice in the earth.  And the coastlands
       await his law.

You see, Matthew has conveniently left out part of the passage,
because it does not suit the dealings of Jesus.  Christians could
never think of Jesus failing, never would the "light" of mankind
burn dimly.  But, the servant nation of Israel will indeed come to
an end when its job is done.  When the gentiles come to embrace
G'd there will no longer be a chosen people, but rather all will
be the children of G'd.  Also, the ending phrase has been changed
from the Judaic "...the coastlands await his law." to the
Christologic, "the Gentiles will hope in his name."   While the
original proclaims the Torah law of Jehovah, the other rewrites it
to fit its strange doctrine of "believing in the name."  If one
has any doubt the servant referred to is not Jesus, one has only
to read the whole chapter, Isaiah 42, and hear about the beloved
but blind and imperfect servant, "a people robbed and
plundered..."   So, we see that when Matthew's attempt at
"prophecy" is examined, it crumbles.

Three Days and
Three Nights:

      Now we come upon a prophecy supposedly uttered by the very
mouth of the god Jesus himself.  He speaks of his crucifixion and
resurrection.

       [Mt 12.40]   For as Jonah was in the belly of the
       whale for three days and three nights, so will the Son
       of Man be in the heart of the earth three days and
       three nights.

Before any further discussion can occur, it is necessary to know
how the Jews understood days.  As far as day names went, each was
24 hours long, lasting from sunset 6pm to the following sunset
6pm.  What was referred to as a "day" was the period of light from
6am to the ending sunset at 6pm.  Thus, according to our time
scale, a sabbath day began at 6pm Friday evening, and lasted until
6pm saturday evening.  This is why the Jews celebrate their
sabbath on the daylight portion of Saturdays, instead of Sundays. 
(It seems like a real miracle that Christians didn't forget that
Saturday was indeed the seventh and last day of the week!)  Thus,
when days and nights are referred to together, 12 hour daylight
portions and 12 hour night periods are being spoken of.  Thus,
Jesus says that he will be in the grave, or in hell, or otherwise
unresurrected for three days and three nights.

      As the good book tells us, Jesus was crucified on the "ninth
hour," which is 3pm, Friday afternoon.  He then was put into the
grave sometime after that.  Then, Jesus left the grave, "rose,"
before dawn of what we call Sunday (The dawn after the sabbath was
over).  What this means is that Jesus was, using our time for
clarity, in the grave from 6pm Friday night to some time before
6am Sunday morning.  We could also add a little time before 6pm
Friday, since the bible is not specific here.  What this means
using Jewish time is that he was in the grave for one day, two
nights, and possibly a couple of hours of one day.  Certainly this
is a problem for Jesus prediction.  There is absolutely no way we
are even able to have his death involve three days and three
nights --even using modern time measurements.   We then are led to
suspect that this error is another one of Matthew's little
mistakes, and that the gospel writer put false words into his
god's mouth.   And no matter who made the prediction, it is more
than unconvincing... it is counter-convincing.

Hearing &
Understanding:

     Jesus tool on a habit of speaking to his vast audiences in
parables-- stories in which a deeper meaning could be found, if
you were already one of the elect, those chosen to understand the
message of Jesus.  He reasons that those who can understand the
parables are the ones he wants.  If the people cannot understand
them, there is no need to bother with them, since they will not
accept the "plain" message any better.  Matthew says,

       [Mt 13.14-16]  With them [the audience] indeed in
       fulfilled the prophecy of Isaiah which says, 

       "You will indeed hear but never understand; and you
       will indeed see, but never perceive.  Because this
       people's heart has grown dull, their ears are heavy of
       hearing, and they have shut their eyes so the they
       would not perceive with them, her with their ears, and
       understand with their heart, and turn for me to heal
       them."

The original Isaiah passages are part of his earlier works, his
call to the ministry.  This is in 740 BCE, when Israel is
flourishing, right before it falls under the authority of Assyria. 
Isaiah sees the good times ending, and also a vision from G'd,
calling him to bring reform to Israel and Judah.

       [Is 6.9-13]  And G'd said, "Go, and say to this
       people, `Hear and hear, but do not understand; see and
       see, but do not perceive.'   Make the heart of this
       people fat, make their ears heavy, and shut their
       eyes, so they will not see with their eyes, or hear
       with their ears, and understand with their hearts, and
       turn and be healed."  Then Isaiah said, "How long,
       lord?"  And he said, "Until the cities lie waste
       without inhabitant, and houses without men, and the
       land is utterly desolate, and the G'ds take men far
       away, and forsaken places are many in the land.  And
       though a tenth will remain in it, it will be burned
       again, like a terebinth or an oak whose stump still
       stands when the tree is felled." The holy seed is its
       stump.

Here we see that it is really G'd who causes the people of Israel
to stop listening to the prophet's warnings, but reaffirms the
promise made to Solomon's (and David's) seed/lineage.  If you read
the rest of Isaiah, you find that this is done to fulfil the plan
of G'd to use Israel as a servant, a light to the nations.  (Look
at Isaiah 42.18-25, 48.20, 49.3)
     We see that Matthew has cut-and-pasted just a little portion
of Isaiah's verse, to suit his own gospel needs.  More than that,
he has altered the words, to make it fit the people who didn't
understand Jesus's stories.  And, as we see, Isaiah's verses are
not prophecies, but rather commands from G'd to him, in the
present.   Once again, Matthew's prophecy falls flat on its face. 

     Matthew tries again to make Jesus's parables look like they
have the prophetic approval.

       [Mt 13.35]  ...he said nothing to them without a
       parable.  This was to fulfil what was spoken of by the
       prophet, "I will open my mouth to them in parables.  I
       will utter that which has been hidden since the
       foundation of the world."

Matthew really botches up here.  He attempts to quote not from a
prophet, but from the Psalms.

       [Ps 78.2-4]  I will open my mouth in parable.  I will
       utter dark sayings of old, things that we all have
       heard and known, things that our fathers have told us. 
       We will not hide them from their children, but tell to
       the coming generation the glorious deeds of the
       lord...

As was pointed out, the verses in the Psalms do not really come
from a prophet.  You might also want to know that earlier copies
of Matthew's gospel even inserted Isaiah's name as this prophet. 
Apparently, later scribes caught the error and tried to cover some
of it up.
     Perhaps the most significant part of this is that, once
again, Matthew has altered the Old Testament Scriptures.  As Jesus
has said earlier, he speaks in parables so that some will not
understand them.  The parables in the Psalms are not to be hidden. 
Further, they speak of things "known, that our fathers have told
us."  Jesus deals with things "hidden since the foundation of the
world."  Indeed Jesus dealt in a lot of secrecy and confusion. 
This is in direct opposition to the parables in the Psalms.  No
wonder Matthew had to rewrite them!   And still once again,
Matthew's artificial prophecies fall flat on their face.  But,
Christians rarely look at this.  Matthew's prophecies aren't the
only things about Christianity that are beginning to look bad.


Excuses of
Little Faith:

       In Mt. 17.14-21, we see that the disciples are able to go
around casting out demons, except in one case.  Not knowing what
epilepsy was, the people thought those with the disease were
possesed with demons.  It is no wonder that the disciples were
unable to "dispossess" the epileptic.  But, Jesus, perhaps no more
enlightened than they, is reported to have rebuked them, saying
they didn't have enough faith.   This seems strange.  Why was this
demon special?  It seems that either a true believer has faith or
he does not.  Apparently, enough faith will allow someone to move
mountains.  Of course, you will find no one, these days that can
move real mountains.  No one parts seas.  The only miracles the
Charismatics can speak of are those rumoured to happen on trips to
Mexico or some faraway place.  Major miracles are making some old
woman's arthritis feel better on Sunday morning T.V.

       And the gods, including Jesus, are always shrouded in
ancient lore and writings, protected from the skeptics in their
sacred pasts.  They are either dead, sleeping, or hiding in
heaven, with people rumouring about their imminent return and
their great miracles of days long gone.  Yet, life goes on.  

     Tales of mystics, stories of miracles-- all in a distant time
or a distant place.  Gods used to reveal themselves to men in the
old days, Jehovah too.  But, now they are silent.  All the
theologians give are various excuses as to why we don't get to see
God anymore.

       We're too lazy; we're not zealous enough; we're
       sinful; it's just his "plan"; we put too many of our
       own demands on G'd's appearance; if we had the right
       faith, if we  were willing to meet G'd on his terms...

     Yet, even the most pious of men have not seen G'd.  You, dear
reader, have not seen G'd.  Not literally, you know that to be
true. (I know that's presumptuous and bold.  But, searching your
heart, you know what I mean.)  All that we've seen religions do is
make people feel good and content about not seeing G'd.  They say
our little faith does not merit us to see G'd.  Sometimes, they
say, "See the love in these people you worship with... see the
lives of people change... that is seeing G'd."   Thus people get
lulled to sleep, satisfied with turning G'd into the everyday
sights.   But, that is not seeing G'd as I am speaking of... it is
not seeing G'd the way people used to see.  
      What we see in the world that is good, is the compassion of
human hearts, the love given and taken by men and women, the
forgiveness practised by Christian & Atheist alike, beauty created
by the mind of man.  These are the things that are done; these are
what we see.  But, it is said this is so only because everybody
has little faith.

Jesus Rides on
an Ass:

       Shortly after accepting the role of the Jewish messiah
king, Jesus requests a donkey be brought in for him to ride into
Jerusalem.  

       [Mt 21.5]  This took place to fulfil what was spoken
       by the prophet, saying,

       Tell the daughter of Zion, "Behold, your king is
       coming to you, humble, mounted on an ass, and on a
       ass-colt."

Of course, the passage quoted from Zechariah 9.9 reads a little
differently.

       Lo, your king comes to you; he is triumphant and
       victorious, humble, and riding on an ass, on an ass-
       colt... he will command peace to the nations.

There isn't all that much difference here, except that Zechariah
only involves one animal  --an ass-colt--  while Matthew reads the
poetic wording slightly differently.  Thus, he has Jesus call for
both a colt and an adult ass.  From Matthew's version, we get a
comical picture of the divine Christ sweating it to straddle two
donkeys.  This could inevitably lead to a theological,
proctological dilemma!   We find that in the account written
earlier by St. Mark, only the colt was called for and brought to
Jesus.  This indeed fits the verses of Zechariah properly, and
shows us that in Matthew attempt to use prophetic verses, he has
bungled.  Now, excluding many respectable Christians I have met, I
have noticed that while Christ is thought to have ridden on asses,
the situation is often reversed nowadays...

       Then, entering the Jerusalem temple, the priests were
angered at people and youngsters calling Jesus the messiah.  But,
Jesus replied as we might expect Matthew to have done,

       [Mt 21.16]  Haven't you read?  `Out of the mouth of
       babes and sucklings thou has brought perfect praise.'

It is more likely that Matthew made this response up since Jesus
was never one to point out such little "prophetic" things AND
since, as we might expect, the quote is in error, which seems to
fit Matthew's track record quite well.  We might ask Jesus or
Matthew, "Haven't you read?" for the source reads,

       [Psalms 8.1-2]  O YaHWeH our lord, how majestic is
       your name in the whole world!   You, whose glory is
       chanted above the heavens by babes and infants, you
       have founded a bulwark against your foes to still the
       enemy and the avenger.

The passages hardly need comment.  There is no "perfect praise"
spoken of in the psalm, and what praise is there is given to G'd,
not his messiah king, and not Jesus.  As mentioned, it seems to be
just one more case of Matthew's pen making up convenient prophetic
scripture.

YHVH said to 
my lord...:

      Jesus is said to have asked from whom the promised Jewish
messiah-king is to be descended.  The Jews agree-- it is king
David.  But, then Jesus counters by quoting Psalms 110,

       "The LORD said to my Lord, sit at my right hand, until
       I put your enemies under your feet."

Taken at face value, Jesus is denying the necessity of Davidic
descent.  One assumes he is in opposition to their answer.  Of
course, the Christian answer is that he agrees, but is trying to
make some hidden point, to reveal some mystery about the divine
nature of the messiah-king.  It's tempting to believe this, if one
is a Christian and not interested in matters of investigation. 
But, there are problems.
       In Jesus's time, the psalm was thought to be about the
messiah.  And, it is easy to see why David might refer to the
messiah as his superior.  We need only look at the scriptures
about the messiah to see that he is expected to be a great king,
bringing the Jews to times even better than those under David's
rule.  Of course, the Jews listening had no good answer, and the
passage could indeed refer to a divine messiah, such as the
Christians worship.  The problem lies in the meaning of this
psalm, an error that apparently several Jews of Jesus's time had
also made.  One must remember that there were various factions
among the Jews, often as a result of different expectations of the
messiah-king.  Jesus was apparently one of these adventists, like
his audience, who thought the messiah's advent was imminent, and
who interpreted Psalms 110, among others, as being messianic.
What is the problem, then?  Psalm 110 literally reads,

       YHVH's utterance to my lord:
	"Sit at my right hand, until I make your enemies your
       footstool."

       YHVH sends forth your mighty scepter from Zion.  Rule
       in the midst of your foes!  Your people will offer
       themselves freely on the day you lead your host on the
       holy mountains.  

       "You are a priest of the order of Melchizedek
       forever."

The word "lord" is often mistakenly capitalised by Christian
bibles to denote divinity in this lord.  But, in the Hebrew, the
word is "adoni," and no capitalisation exists.  Adoni simply means
"lord," a generic term as we would use it.  It is used often in
the scriptures to refer to kings and to G'd.  It is merely an
address of respect.  
      There is nothing in the text itself to imply that the word
refers either to divinity or to the messiah-king.  That this is
supposed to be written by David is not certain.  The title of the
psalm translates to either "a psalm of David," or "a psalm about
David."  It seems fitting to assume it to be written by a court
poet, about David's covenant and endorsement from G'd.  If the
psalm had been written by David, it is unlikely that he would be
talking about the messiah.  The idea of a perfect king, descended
from David, was not present in David's age.  We have extensive
tales of David's doings and sayings-- none of which include any
praises of a messiah.
     Many of the psalms show evidence of being written long after
David was dead, in times of the exile when G'd had put his show of
favour for David's kingdom on hold.  
     The description in the psalm fit David very well.  David was
promised by G'd a rise to power, victory over his enemies,
successful judgement among the nations he conquered.  He achieved
the priesthood common to Melchizedek in being a righteous king,
enabled to bless the people.   It all fits.
      We do not have to blame this problem on Matthew alone,
though.  Here, there is not artificial prophecy alluded to, though
his use of the scripture is rather questionable.  Still, this
event is common to the other gospels too.  So, we let Matthew off
a little more easily this time.  It is interesting to note,
though, how Matthew dresses up the event.  The earlier gospel of
Mark tells the tale with Jesus simply speaking to a crowd. 
Matthew has the Pharisees, who became the religious competition of
an infant Christianity, be the target of Jesus's question.  As we
might expect, Matthew writes that the event ends up by
embarrassing the Pharisees.  Such power is the pen.

Moses & Jesus,
Had it Together
All Along...:

       We leave the gospel story of Matthew momentarily to see a
pseudo-prophecy in John's gospel.  The gospel story of John
deserves special treatment, because it seems to be so far removed
from the real events of Jesus's career as told by even Matthew. 
But, for the moment, we will just look at one verse.  The early
church leaders founded a religion on the Jewish hopes of a messiah
king, and on an artificial extension of the original promises made
by G'd.  When constructing the history of Abraham, Moses wrote of
a promise of land and nationhood to the Jewish people.  While this
was accomplished eventually, under the rule of king David, the
Christians who came along later decided that they would claim the
fulfillment of the promise.  But, to do so, they expanded on the
promise, preaching about a heavenly kingdom.

       [John 8.56] (J.C. speaking) Your father, Abraham,
       rejoiced to see My day.  He say it and was glad.

It would be nice to tie in approval for Jesus from Abraham, but,
Abraham knew nothing of Jesus or a messiah, or anything Christian. 
I have tried, and failed to find any event in the Old Testament
which corresponds to John's little prophecy.  It is par for the
course to see St. John making up Old Testament backings, just like
his forerunner Matthew.  Many Christians know that their faith has
many of its foundations in such fraud, and it is surprising they
still cling to it.

The Potter's
Field:

      We are told that Jesus was betrayed while in Jerusalem by
one of his followers, Judas Iscariot.   Matthew writes,

       [Mt 27.5-10]  And throwing down the pieces of silver
       in the temple, [Judas] departed... But, the chief
       priests, taking the silver, said, "It isn't lawful for
       us to put it in the treasury, since it is blood
       money."  So they... bought a potter's field with it to
       bury strangers in... Then was fulfilled what was
       spoken by the prophet Jeremiah,

       "And they took the thirty pieces of silver, the price
       of him on whom a price had been set by some of the
       sons of Israel, and they gave them for the potter's
       field, as the lord directed me."

This prophecy is an utterly gross bastardisation of Old Testament
Scripture.  First, Matthew has made a mistake regarding the name
of the prophet.  It is Zechariah who utters the verses which
Matthew makes use of.

       [Zech. 11.12-13]  ...And they weighed out my wages,
       thirty shekels of silver.  Then YHVH said to me, "Cast
       them to the treasury," --the lordly price at which I
       was paid off by them.  So I took the thirty shekels of
       silver and cast them into the treasury in the house of
       YHVH.

First of all, the verses of Zechariah do not deal with a betrayer
of the messiah, or of G'd.  The deal with a shepherd, most likely
a priest, chosen to serve a function of presiding over the people
shortly before G'd would send Judah and Israel into conflict with
one another.  The word, "treasury," had been replaced by the King
James Scholars with "to the potter," precisely because this made
Matthew's quote fit better.  But, this is a blatant error.  The
correct translation of the Hebrew is indeed "treasury," which also
makes perfect sense in Zechariah's context, whereas "potter's
field" is totally unrelated.  Whether the mistranslation was
intentional or not seems to be beyond speculation.  However, given
Matthew's track record, one finds it hard to resist the notion of
intentional dishonesty.
      Of course, Matthew would have ample reason for altering the
text.  The thirty pieces of silver match Judas's situation, and if
as most Christians seem to be, the reader is willing to disregard
the contextual incongruity, Matthew might have another prophecy to
toss around.  However, the correct translation of Zechariah
directly contradicts the situation with Judas and the high
priests.  The high priests would not put the money in the
treasury.  The worthless shepherd of Zechariah does exactly the
opposite!  Of course, to the average Thursday-Night Bible student,
the "prophecy" as presented by Matthew would be taken at New
Testament face value.  To those, Matthew's work is convincing
enough.

Wine, Vinegar,
& Casting Lots:

      Then, Jesus is led away to be crucified.

       [Mt 27.34-35]  ...they gave him vinegar to drink,
       mingled with gall; but when he tasted it, he would not
       drink it.  And, when they had crucified him, they
       divided his garments among them by casting lots: that
       it might be fulfilled what was spoken by the prophet,

       "They parted my garments among them, and upon my
       vesture did they cast lots."

First of all, the vinegar offered to Jesus is actually common sour
wine, of the type that Roman soldiers drank regularly.  We find
that right before Jesus dies, the soldiers themselves give him
some to drink --not polluted with gall.

       [Jn 19.28-30]  Jesus... said, "I thirst."  A bowl of
       vinegar stood there, so they put a sponge full of the
       vinegar on hyssop and held it to his mouth.  When he
       had received the vinegar, he said, "It is finished;"

But, Matthew seems to be drawing on, not a passage from the
prophets, but one from the Psalms.

       [Ps 69.20-28]  I looked for pity, but there was none;
       and for comforters, but I found none.  They gave me
       poison for food (lit. they put gall in my meat), and
       for my thirst, they gave me vinegar to drink...  Add
       to them punishment upon punishment, may they have no
       acquittal from thee.  Let them be blotted out of the
       Book of the Living.

Of course, the sour wine offered to Jesus is done at his request
of drink.  This does indeed seem to be a show of pity.  The psalm
quoted is about David and his political and military enemies.  It
is not about the messiah or Jesus.  It is then not surprising that
we run into further problem when we see that the "Jesus" in the
psalm asks G'd for the damnation of the "crucifiers," whereas the
Jesus of the gospels says,

       [Lk 23.34]  Jesus said, "Father, forgive them, the
       don't know what they do!"

Further, Matthew misses with his attempt to create prophecy by
having gall (a bitter substance) put into Jesus's drink, not his
meat, as the psalm stipulates.

       With the "prophecy" of the vinegar faulty, we naturally
ask, "What of the casting of lots?"  This brings up the 22nd
Psalm, which deserves discussion all by itself.  Suffice it now to
say that the fact that Jesus's clothes were divided as told is no
great thing.  It turns out that this happened often to any felon
in those days.  As we will soon see, it is perhaps the least
erroneous passage of the psalm when applied to Jesus.  It does
indeed bring up the interesting question as to the quality of
Jesus's clothes.  For a man so removed from worldly possessions,
his ownership of clothes worthy of casting lots raises some
suspicions.

The 22nd Psalm:

      This psalm is attributed to David, as a lament of his
condition under the attack of his enemies.  It becomes a song of
praise to YHVH and of hope.  Taken out of context, parts of it
seem to fit the plight of Jesus at the crucifixion quite well.  We
will examine the primary passages.

       Verse 1-2:  My god, my god! why have you forsaken me?! 
       Why are you so far from helping me, far from the words
       of my groaning?  Oh, my god, I cry by day, but you
       don't answer, and by night, but find no rest.

Jesus is said to have cried the first sentence while on the cross. 
This suggests that the whole psalm is really about Jesus, rather
than king David.  Of course, the rest of the first stanza does not
fit as nicely to Jesus or his execution.  Jesus is not pictured as
complaining about the whole ordeal, he is supposed to be like "the
lamb led mute before its shearers."  Indeed, Jesus doesn't do much
groaning, even when on the cross.  He certainly does not cry by
both day and night on the cross.

       6-8:  But, I am a worm, and no man-- scorned by men... 
       All who see me mock at me.  They make faces and wag
       their heads;  "He committed his cause to YHVH.  So let
       him deliver him... for he delights in him."

This seems to fit Jesus's execution pretty well, with the
exception of the Holy messiah being called a worm.

       12-13:  Many bulls encompass me... they open their
       mouths widely at me like a ravening and roaring lion.

       16-18:  Yea, dogs are round about me, a company of
       evildoers encir-cle me, they have pierced my hands and
       feet.  I can see all my bones... They divide my
       garments among them, and cast lost for my raiment.

       19-21:  But you, YHVH, be not far away!  ...Deliver my
       soul from the sword, my life from the power of the
       dog!  Save me from the mouth of the lion, and my
       afflicted soul from the horns of the wild bull!

It would seem quite convincing, and I'm sure the early Christian
fathers who wrote of this prophecy thought so too.  Unfortunately,
this prophecy has a fatal flaw.  The words "have pierced" really
do not exist in the psalm.  The correct Hebrew translation is,

       16:  Yea, dogs are round about me, a company of
       evildoers encircles me, like the lion, they are at my
       hands and feet...

In Hebrew the phrase "like the lion" and a very rare verb form
which can mean "pierced" differ by one phonetic character.  The
word in the Hebrew text is literally, "like the lion" (ka'ari),
which makes sense in the context, and even further fits the animal
imagery employed by the psalm writer.  It is convenience that
would urge a Christian to change the word to "ka'aru."   But, to
add the needed (yet artificial) weight to the "prophecy" this is
just what the Christian translators have chosen to do.  While the
correct translation does not eliminate the psalm from referring to
Jesus, its absence does not say much for the honesty of the
translators.

       Apart from the erroneous verse 16, the psalm does not lend
itself to Jesus so easily.  Verse 20 speaks of the sufferer being
saved from a sword rather than a cross.  This naturally fits the
psalm's true subject, king David.  As a side note, we now know
that crucifixions did not pierce the hands, the palms, but rather
the forearms.  This doesn't say much in favour of the traditional
thought of a resurrected Jesus showing his disciples the scars on
his palms.  But then, facts aren't bound by our religious beliefs.

      Matthew escapes culpability this time, as he does not
attempt to draw many direct links between this psalm and his lord
Jesus.  But the psalm, like many others, was on the minds of all
the gospel writers when they compiled the stories and
interpretations of Jesus's life and death.  How much these
scriptures may have contributed to what actually got written down
is a question that has serious repercussions for Christian
theology.  It is easy to see, for those who are not faithful
fundamentalists, how some of the events in the New Testament might
have been "enhanced" by scribes such as the eager Matthew.  But,
it does less to speculate than to simply investigate scriptural
matters and prophetic claims.  So far, this has not said good
things for St. Matthew.

The reference to the piercing looks a lot like Jesus's
crucifixion.  John's gospel recount, written about 70 years after
the fact, tells us at Jesus's execution,

       [Jn 19.34,37]  But one of the soldiers pierced his
       side with a spear, and out came blood and water...
       these things took place that Scripture be fulfilled...
       "The will look on him whom they've pierced."

Of course, this is built on a passage taken blatantly out of
context.   Prophet Zechariah tells us how much of the nation of
Israel will split off from Jerusalem and Judah and go to war with
them.

       [Zc 12.7-10]  And YHVH will give victory to Judah...
       And on that day, I will seek to destroy the nations
       that come against Jerusalem (in Judah).  And I will
       pour a spirit of compassion and supplication... on
       Jerusalem so that when they look on him who they have
       pierced, they will mourn, and weep bitterly over him
       like you weep over a firstborn child.

John's attempt to make up prophecy is perhaps weaker that
Matthew's attempts.  Matthew, at least, usually excontexts more
than just one passage.  John's errors are grossly obvious and
blatant here.  It does not speak well for any of the gospel
writers, as it helps to show how the prophetic aspects of their
religion were founded.


Reckoned with
Transgressors:

       After his arrest, Jesus is quickly executed for claiming
the Jewish kingship, messiahship.   According to one version of
the gospel tale, Jesus gets executed along with two thieves.

       [Mk 15.27]  And with him they crucified two robbers,
       one on his right, one on his left.  And so the
       scripture was fulfilled which says,

       "He was reckoned with the transgressors."

Here, Mark is trying to link Jesus to a passage in Isaiah 53,
about the servant nation of Israel.  The passage is not about the
messiah, for if one reads the whole chapter of Isaiah 53, and its
surrounding chapters, one sees that the servant is a nation.  The
verses are also about what this servant has gone through in the
past, not a prediction of what is to come, in any event.  The
servant is thought of as a criminal.  This also happens to fit the
description of Jesus.  Had the passage really been about the
messiah, it still is not at all clear why executing Jesus between
two thieves would fulfill the "prophecy" in Isaiah.  Jesus would
more fittingly fulfill it with his whole ministry.  He was
considered a blasphemer and troublemaker all throughout his
career.   Locking onto a single event is a rather poor way to
steal prophecy, at least in this case, as we see that Mark could
have had made a better analogy with general comparisons.

       Mark goes on to tell us how "those who were crucified with
[Jesus] also reviled him." [15.32]  This is to be expected from a
couple of robbers.  Of course in his later recount, St. Luke
decides to change some things.  Luke tells us,

       [Lk 23.39-43]  And one of the criminals who was hanged
       with him railed, "Aren't you the messiah?! Save
       yourself, and us!"

This certainly fits with Mark's recount, which tells how the
people who crucified Jesus said, "Save yourself!" and that the
robbers did the same.  But then Luke goes on,

       But the other [criminal] rebuked [the first] saying,
       "Don't you fear G'd, since you are under the same
       sentence of condemnation?  And we, indeed justly so,
       for we are receiving the due reward for our deeds. 
       But, this man has done nothing wrong. And he said,
       "Jesus, remember me when you come in your kingdom." 
       And Jesus answered, "Verily I say to you, today you
       will be with me in paradise."

Now, this little dialogue seems highly contrived.  It stretches
the imagination a bit to see this picture of one ruffian rebuking
his fellow criminal with such eloquent speech.  We have a rather
strange picture of a criminal lamenting over the goodness of his
punishment and the justness of his suffering.   Such a man,
apparently noble and of principle, doesn't seem likely to have
been a robber.  We wonder at the amount of theatrics created by
Luke.  Of course, Luke's recount also disagrees with Mark's.  
Luke has only one criminal revile Jesus, not both.  It is easy
enough to discount the discrepancy because the account was made
up, but those who wish to believe it is all part of the error free
words of G'd do not have this avenue open.  This is yet another
example of a writer trying to take an Old Testament passage and
expand it and reinterpret it to suit his theology.  In this case,
the embroidery creates some embarrassing problems, as we have
seen.

The End of the
World--
       Mt. 24:

       Now comes perhaps one of the most extraordinary and
embarrassing passages in the New Testament.  It is found in all
three of the synoptic gospel stories, and casts some of the most
unfavourable doubt on the whole theory of Christianity.  Jesus
mentions the destruction of the Jewish temples and buildings, and
his disciples ask him about this, and about the end of the world
which he has been warning about.

       The disciples: Tell us, when will this [the temple's
       destruction] be, and what will be the sign of your
       coming, and of the close of the age?

       Jesus: Take care that no one leads you astray, for
       many will come in my name, saying, "I am the christ."  
       ...you will hear of wars and rumours of wars... for
       this must take place, but the end is not yet.   For,
       nation will rise against nation... all this is but the
       beginning of the birthpangs.
             They will deliver you up... put you to death,
       and false prophets will arise and lead many astray.
       ...But he who endures to the end will be saved.  This
       gospel will be preached throughout the whole world, a
       testimony to the nations, and then the end will come.
             So, when you see the desolation spoken of by the
       prophet Daniel, ...let those who are in Judea flee to
       the mountains.

             Immediately after the tribulation of those days,
       the sun will be darkened... the stars will fall from
       heaven... then will appear the sign of the Son of Man
       in heaven, and all the tribes of the earth will mourn,
       and see the Son of Man coming... and he will send out
       his angels... and gather his elect...
             Learn the lesson of the fig tree: as soon as its
       branch becomes tender and puts forth leaves, you know
       that summer is near.  So also, when you see all these
       things, you will know that He is near, at the very
       gate.  Truly I say to you, this generation will not
       pass away until all these things take place...
             But, of the day and hour, no one knows; not the
       angels, not the Son, but only the Father... Therefore,
       you also must be ready, for the Son of Man is coming
       at an hour you do not expect.

From this, it is clear that Jesus thought the world would in
within the lifetimes of at least some of his disciples.  He tells
them that although he doesn't know the exact day or hour, that it
will come, and thus they must be ready.  Theologians have wet
their pants in panic to find some way out of this Holy Error. 
But, unfortunately, Jesus made himself to explicit.  He told his
disciples that their generation would still be around at the End,
and that they in particular should prepare for it, prepare to be
swept away.
      There have been some who resorted to removing the inerrant
nature of the Bible, and said that the phrase, "this generation
shall not pass away..." really means "this race of people will not
pass away..."  Of course, the word for generation is used many
times to refer to exactly that, the generation of the disciples. 
It is an interesting notion that when God decided to learn Greek,
he didn't learn it well enough to make himself clear.  But. it is
quite obvious from the rest of the dialogue that the disciples (at
least some of them) are supposed to live to the End of the World. 
The charge of mistranslation is completely blown away by looking
at the Apostles' responses.  It becomes abundantly clear from
Rev. 22.7, 1 Peter 4.7, 1 John 2.18, and Rev. 22.20, that Jesus
meant exactly what he said.  The End was very near.

       For 2,000 years, Christians have rationalised this 24th
chapter of Matthew, or ignored its meaning altogether.  For 2,000
years, they have waited for their executed leader to come back,
hearing of wars, and rumours of wars, sure that He is coming soon. 
Surely He must be.  All we must do is wait.  Can you imagine how
tired He must be, sitting around up there, being holy, waiting for
just the right moment to spring?


       So, shortly after his crucifixion, Jesus of Nazareth,
(Joshua-ben-Joseph), died.   It is said that after three days, or
three days and three nights, or three periods of time, or three
eternal seconds --or three of whatever they can decide makes for
less trouble-- he was seen again, resurrected, glowing with divine
radiance.  Then the Saviour decided it wasn't in the best
interests of his new religion to stick around, and therefore
disappeared from sight into heaven.  So the story goes, anyway. 
As has been seen, there were many things attributed to Jesus when
people got around to writing the gospel stories down.  To them,
Jesus was the fulfiller of all prophecy and scripture.  We have
seen, though, that this matter is quite shaky.  But, throughout
Church history, Christians have held fast to faith, in simple
belief.  What doctrinal objections could not be solved with
argumentation or brute force, faith and forgetfulness kept away
from question.  To question and investigate has never been the
easiest way to treat matters.  Thus for 2,000 years, the
prophecies cited in the New Testament have gone on largely
accepted.  Things may well continue that way for some time. 
Pausing a moment to consider the way the doctrines of Christianity
have been accepted and used (properly or improperly) to support
wars and persecution, I suppose there is one prophecy of which
Christianity can securely keep hold.

       [Mt 10.34]  Jesus: "Don't think that I have come to
       bring peace on earth.  I haven't come to bring peace,
       but rather a sword."




From: cbrasted@physics.adelaide.edu.au (Charles Brasted)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
>makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
>lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
>writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
>in the process he became a Christian himself.

I assume you are posting to encourage comments - how much history has
Tony Campello read?  Not much it seems. 

>	The arguements he uses I am summing up.  The book is about whether 
>Jesus was God or not.  I know many of you don't believe, but listen to a 
>different perspective for we all have something to gain by listening to what 
>others have to say.  

It is good to hear that there are a few reasonable Christians about.
If only those christian "scientists" would take note.

(In Australia there is a very strong movement, a bunch of christian 
scientists who believe that every single event in the bible is exactly
true, and that there is a rational explanation for it all that can be justified
by using the laws of physics.  For example, there are a few chaps who are 
trying to prove that the age of the universe is 6000 years old, and that the
error in conventional calculations is the result of the fact that the speed 
light has been rapidly decaying over the years, and this has not been 
accounted for. :-] )

>	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.

Or (of course), that he never existed, and the bible was a story, and was never 
intended to become a manifesto for a billion people.  Did Tony follow that one
up?

>	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
>die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 
>gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
>someone who was or had been healed.  

Millions of people have "died for a lie".  This  point is difficult to 
substantiate since it is not well defined (a great many religious arguments
work in that way), but consider the many Aztec warriors who sacrificed 
themselves to their gods in the belief that this act would bring them victory
of the Spanish invaders.  The list is endless.  The Aztecs lost, BTW.

>Call me a fool, but I believe he did heal people.
  
That is perfectly reasonable, but it is not grounds for me (or anyone)
to become a christian.  More to the point, it does not add weight to
the claim that Jesus was the "real thing".


>	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
>to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
>anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
>this right away.

Have you ever seen a documentary about the rise of Nazi Germany?  More to the
point, did Tony mention this?  One could hardly call Werner Heisenberg and his
many colleagues  fools, or  illogical men, their support of Hitler was based 
(I presume) upon an emotional issue rather than a rational agreement with 
his principles.  Obviously my argument is invalid if Tony thought that Hitler
was sane....

 

>	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
>real thing.  

Hmmm.... I don't think his arguments warrant the use of a "Therefore..."

>	Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
>the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.  This in his betrayal 
>and Crucifixion.  I don't have my Bible with me at this moment, next time I 
>write I will use it.

This is (unfortunately) what alot of religious discussions I have had with
people result in - quoting the bible.  The only reasonable way I think
people can look at the bible is to treat the stories as some sort of
metaphorical representation of the messages that the authors were trying to
present.  If someone tries to interpret parts of the bible literally, he or
she will end up in all sorts of shit.   

Tony's argument would be perfectly reasonable for people who believe
the events described in the bible took place, but to convince someone, 
who thinks the bible is total fiction, that Jesus is real by quoting the
book is totally pointless.  For example, in mathematics you cannot say "a is
equal to b because a is equal to b".

  

>	I don't think most people understand what a Christian is.  

That would possibly explain why there have so many people being killed 
in religious wars, and why there are hundreds of different versions all
claiming to be correct.  

It 
>is certainly not what I see a lot in churches.  Rather I think it 
>should be a way of life, and a total sacrafice of everything for God's 
>sake.  He loved us enough to die and save us so we should do the 
>same.  Hey we can't do it, God himself inspires us to turn our lives 
>over to him.  That's tuff and most people don't want to do it, to be a 
>real Christian would be something for the strong to persevere at.  But 
>just like weight lifting or guitar playing, drums, whatever it takes 
>time.  We don't rush it in one day, Christianity is your whole life.  
>It is not going to church once a week, or helping poor people once in 
>a while.  We box everything into time units.  Such as work at this 
>time, sports, Tv, social life.  God is above these boxes and should be 
>carried with us into all these boxes that we have created for 
>ourselves.  	  

I think if you posted this part to alt.religion you would get more flames
than here :-).  I have never really understood why the emotional sentiments
of a stranger should be of interest to other people. 

Someone famous said that there two evils in life, polititians and churchs, one
rules by fear of the living, the other by fear of the dead.  If I am pressed I
could probably find the exact quotation.

Cheers,
Charles.

From: Steve_Mullins@vos.stratus.com
Subject: Re: Bible Quiz


In article <1993Apr16.130430.1@ccsua.ctstateu.edu> kellyb@ccsua.ctstateu.edu wrote: 
>In article <kmr4.1563.734805744@po.CWRU.edu>, kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>>    Only when the Sun starts to orbit the Earth will I accept the Bible. 
>> 
>     Since when does atheism mean trashing other religions?There must be a God
                                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>     of inbreeding to which you are his only son.


a) I think that he has a rather witty .sig file.  It sums up a great
   deal of atheistic thought (IMO) in one simple sentence.
b) Atheism isn't an "other religion".


sm
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Steve_Mullins@vos.stratus.com    () "If a man empties his purse into his
My opinions <> Stratus' opinions ()   head, no one can take it from him
------------------------------   ()   ---------------Benjamin Franklin

From: vdp@mayo.edu (Vinayak Dutt)
Subject: Re:  Islam And Scientific Predictions (was

In article H9r@ra.nrl.navy.mil,  khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil (Umar Khan) writes:
##I strongly suggest that you look up a book called THE BIBLE, THE QURAN, AND
##SCIENCE by Maurice Baucaille, a French surgeon.  It is not comprehensive,
##but, it is well researched.  I imagine your library has it or can get it
##for you through interlibrary loan.
##

  I shall try to get hold of it (when I have time to read of course :-)

##In short, Dr Baucaille began investigating the Bible because of pre-
##ceived scientific inaccuracies and inconsistencies.  He assumed that
##some of the problems may have been caused by poor translations in by-
##gone days.  So, he read what he could find in Hebrew, Greek, Aramaic.
##What he found was that the problems didn't go away, they got worse.
##Then, he decided to see if other religions had the same problems.
##So, he picked up the Holy Qur'an (in French) and found similar prob-
##lems, but not as many.  SO, he applied the same logoic as he had
##with the Bible: he learned to read it in Arabic.  The problems he
##had found with the French version went away in Arabic.  He was unable
##to find a wealth of scientific statements in the Holy Qur'an, but,
##what he did find made sense with modern understanding.  So, he
##investigated the Traditions (the hadith) to see what they had to
##say about science.  they were filled with science problems; after
##all, they were contemporary narratives from a time which had, by
##pour standards, a primitive world view.  His conclusion was that,
##while he was impressed that what little the Holy Qur'an had to
##say about science was accurate, he was far more impressed that the
##Holy Qur'an did not contain the same rampant errors evidenced in
##the Traditions.  How would a man of 7th Century Arabia have known
##what *not to include* in the Holy Qur'an (assuming he had authored
##it)?  
##

    So in short the writer (or writers) of Quran decided to stay away from
science.  (if you do not open your mouth, then you don't put you foot into
your mouth either). 

   But then if you say Quran does not talk much about science, then one can
not make claims (like Bobby does) that you have great science in Quran.

   Basically I want to say that *none* of the religious texts are supposed to
be scientific treatises. So I am just requesting the theists to stop making
such wild claims.

--- Vinayak
-------------------------------------------------------
                                           vinayak dutt
                                   e-mail: vdp@mayo.edu

             standard disclaimers apply
-------------------------------------------------------



From: b711zbr@utarlg.uta.edu (JUNYAN WANG)
Subject: Bible contradictions

I would like a list of Bible contadictions from those of you who dispite
being free from Christianity are well versed in the Bible.

From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <C5L1Ey.Jts@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>In <11825@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>
>
>>  Actually, my atheism is based on ignorance.  Ignorance of the
>>  existence of any god.  Don't fall into the "atheists don't believe
>>  because of their pride" mistake.
>
>How do you know it's based on ignorance, couldn't that be wrong? Why would it
>be wrong 
>to fall into the trap that you mentioned? 
>

  If I'm wrong, god is free at any time to correct my mistake.  That
  he continues not to do so, while supposedly proclaiming his
  undying love for my eternal soul, speaks volumes.

  As for the trap, you are not in a position to tell me that I don't
  believe in god because I do not wish to.  Unless you can know my
  motivations better than I do myself, you should believe me when I
  say that I earnestly searched for god for years and never found
  him.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^


From: william.vaughan@uuserv.cc.utah.edu (WILLIAM DANIEL VAUGHAN)
Subject: Re: A silly question on x-tianity

In article <pww-120493020107@spac-at1-59.rice.edu> pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker) writes:
>From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
>Subject: Re: A silly question on x-tianity
>Date: Mon, 12 Apr 1993 07:06:33 GMT
>In article <1qaqi1INNgje@gap.caltech.edu>, werdna@cco.caltech.edu (Andrew
>Tong) wrote:
>> 

so what

From: L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was

Umar Khan (khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil) wrote:
>I strongly suggest that you look up a book called THE BIBLE, THE QURAN, AND
>SCIENCE by Maurice Baucaille, a French surgeon.  It is not comprehensive,

>  He was unable
>to find a wealth of scientific statements in the Holy Qur'an, but,
>what he did find made sense with modern understanding.  So, he
>investigated the Traditions (the hadith) to see what they had to
>say about science.  they were filled with science problems; after
>all, they were contemporary narratives from a time which had, by
>pour standards, a primitive world view.  His conclusion was that,
>while he was impressed that what little the Holy Qur'an had to
>say about science was accurate, he was far more impressed that the
>Holy Qur'an did not contain the same rampant errors evidenced in
>the Traditions.  How would a man of 7th Century Arabia have known
>what *not to include* in the Holy Qur'an (assuming he had authored
>it)?  

This book is worth a read to get a sensible view of this issue.


The book is in two sections.  Section 1 contains a fairly reasonable
analysis of the Bible, showing many inconsistencies between the Bible
and modern science.  Well we all know that, no surprises.

Section 2 analyses the Koran's version of the Old Testament stories,
and seems, on the face of it, to present a good case showing the Koran
is consistent with modern science.  However, it was plain to me, that
this consistency was only possible by the vague phraseology of the
Koran.  Take the flood, for example, the bible is full of detail,
("forty days and forty nights", "pair of every animal", etc.), we all
know this is nonsense.  The Koran's description of the same event is
so obscure as to make possible an interpretation such as "A big river 
flooded for a few days and caused much damage".  Yes, no contradiction
but also not much fact.

The Koran might be consistent with modern science, but being
consistent due to its vagueness compared with other books of that
time, does not seem much of an achievement.

The book concludes by saying something like, the Koran must have had
divine inspiration because at the time it was written there were a lot
of (to us now) ridiculous ideas about the universe, and none of them
can be found in the Koran!  Arguing for the greatness of a book by
talking about what it does not contain seems absurd in the extreme.

The above is, of course, from memory so I may have missed some points.



-- 

Leonard               e-mail:  L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk

From: ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill Ray)
Subject: Re: The Bible and Abortion

James J. Lippard (lippard@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu) wrote:
: Exodus 21:22-25:

:        22 And if men struggle with each other and strike a woman with
:           child so that she has a miscarriage, yet there is no further
:           injury, he shall surely be fined as the woman's husband may
:           demand of him; and he shall pay as the judges decide.
:        23 But if there is any further injury, then you shall appoint
:           as a penalty life for life,
:        24 eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot,
:        25 burn for burn, wound for wound, bruise for bruise.

: The most straightforward interpretation of these verses is that if
: men in a fight strike a woman and cause her to miscarry, the penalty
: is only a fine.  If, however, the woman is injured or dies, the
: *lex talionis* doctrine of "an eye for an eye" applies.  This is the
: Jewish interpretation, and is supported by Jewish commentaries on
: these verses.
:    This is quite an embarrassment for pro-lifer Christians, so there is
: of course an alternate explanation.  The alternative interprets the
: word "miscarriage" to mean "premature birth"--i.e., the child is born
: alive--and "further injury" to mean injury to either the woman or
: the fetus.  This is not a straightforward interpretation, it is not
: (so far as I know) supported by any Jewish commentaries, and it does
: not appeared to be supported by any other part of the Bible.

What if any, historical reference do we have to abortion at this time?  Did
the ancient Jew have appropriate reference to understand abortion? (I am
truly asking, not making a point veiled as a question).  If there is 
little understanding of the medical procedure we know as abortion, it is
not surprising the Bible makes little reference to it, as it makes little
reference to nuclear power and contamination.

While your interpretation is a reasonable one, I see no reason to reject
the other out of hand.  The King Jimmy translation says "if there is no
further mischief."  This does not necessarily imply to the woman.  I know
if my wife we expecting and someone cause her to spontaneously abort, we
would feel that a life was truly taken, not simply a process halted.

From: <JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!

From:  ()
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <115561@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) wrote:

>Khomeini advocates the view that
> there was a series of twelve Islamic leaders (the Twelve Imams) who
> are free of error or sin. This makes him a heretic.
> 

Wow, you're quicker to point out heresy than the Church in the
Middle ages. Seriously though, even the Sheiks at Al-Azhar don't
claim that the Shi'ites are heretics. Most of the accusations
and fabrications about Shi'ites come out of Saudi Arabia from the
Wahabis. For that matter you should read the original works of
the Sunni Imams (Imams of the four madhabs). The teacher of
at least two of them was Imam Jafar Sadiq (the sixth Imam of the
Shi'ites). 

Although there is plenty of false propaganda floating around
about the Shi'ites (esp. since the revolution), there are also
many good works by Shi'ites which present the views and teachings
of their school. Why make assumptions and allegations (like
people in this group have done about Islam in general) about Shi'ites.

From: simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale)
Subject: Re: note to Bobby M., again

In article <1993Apr13.213527.3706@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

> How about people who are not religous?  Take the inner city.  There are
> many people that care little for religion.  Lot of crime.  Lot of
> murder.  This is the other end- lack of religion- that allows wrong to
> happen.

I lived in Tokyo for a year and a half, and one of the many reasons why
I intend to go back indefinitely is the freedom one enjoys when one can
walk anywhere (and I mean *anywhere*) at any time of day or night and not
feel uneasy, even if one's from an ethnic minority as I was.

Clues for Bobby (why do I bother?): (i) Tokyo is a city, and inner Tokyo
is an inner city; (ii) there is a negligible level of violent crime, and
a street murder will be a lead item on *national* TV news; (iii) the
population is almost universally atheistic.

Next time I go for a stroll around Beirut at night, I'll let you know how
it compares.

> Bobby Mozumder

Cheers

Simon
-- 
Simon Clippingdale                simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk
Department of Computer Science    Tel (+44) 203 523296
University of Warwick             FAX (+44) 203 525714
Coventry CV4 7AL, U.K.

From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: ISLAM: a clearer view

In article <16BAFC876.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
>Subject: Re: ISLAM: a clearer view
>Date: Tue, 13 Apr 1993 13:15:18 GMT
>In article <healta.60.734567658@saturn.wwc.edu>
>healta@saturn.wwc.edu (TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
> 
>>>Sorry, it is generally accepted that the rise of the inquisition is
>>>the reason why torture was introduced outside the Romanic countries
>>>at the end of the Middle Ages. In other words, the Holy Mother Church
>>>which is lead infallibly by the Holy Ghost has spread it.
>>
>>The Roman Catholic Church claims to be lead by the "infallable" pope.
>>That's why she (the RC Church) has done so many wicked things to Xtians and
>>non-believers alike.
> 
> 
>The rationale that the pope speaking ex cathedra is infallible is based
>on the claim above. The dogma about the pope is of Jesuitic origin and
>has not been been accepted before the mid of the last century.
>   Benedikt

You're right.  Thanks for enlightening me.

Tammy

From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Cannanite genocide in the Bible

excuse me for my ignorance. But I remember reading once that the 
Biblical tribe known as the Philistines still exists...they are the modern 
day Palestinians.
Anyone out there with more info, please post it!!!

Tammy

From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: getting to the point!

To all a.a readers:
     I have been asked be several of you to post a list of the SDA Church's 
27 Fundamental beliefs.  I warn you now, it's a long list.  However, I'll 
post it on Sunday.  Sabbath is coming up soon so I won't be reading on 
Saturday.  And I don't have time to do it now.
     I would GREATLY appreciate it if you would keep me in touch with what's 
going on.
     I hope all of you have a reastful and relaxing weekend.  I hope it's 
the best one so far!!

Tammy


From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Smullyanism for the day.....

In article <1r8tpi$4pu@dr-pepper.East.Sun.COM> geoff@East.Sun.COM (Geoff Arnold @ Sun BOS - R.H. coast near the top) writes:

>[This Raymond Smullyan quote is too big for a .sig, but deserves posting IMHO.]

	To big for a .sig? 

	No way!


	Keith " Home of the billdboard .sig files " Ryan

	=)

---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <1993Apr21.140649.5660@cs.nott.ac.uk>, kax@cs.nott.ac.uk (Kevin Anthoney) writes:
> In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>>
>>The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
>>But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
>>you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
>>love you. ...
> 
> There's a difference between believing in the existence of an entity,
> and loving that entity. God _could_ show me directly that he exists,
> and I'd still have a free choice about whether to love him or not. So
> why doesn't he?
> -- 
> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
> Kevin Anthoney                                         kax@cs.nott.ac.uk
>             Don't believe anything you read in .sig files.
> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- 
Kevin makes a good point here, and when that theists miss all-too-often.  That
is, the belief in a diety is not necessarily coupled with agreement/love of
that diety, so really they have yet another bit of convincing to do just beyond
belief.
I guess the standard argumet goes something like: well, once you believe in
God, you know God is love, and you will choose to love him-- if it wasnt so
widely accepted and asserted it'd be laughable...

best regards,

--Adam

================================================================================
| Adam John Cooper	|	"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings |
| (612) 696-7521	|	   who thought themselves good simply because  |
| acooper@macalstr.edu	|			they had no claws."	       |
================================================================================
| "Understand one another?  I fear I am beyond your comprehension." --Gandalf  |
================================================================================

From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4963@eastman.UUCP>, dps@nasa.kodak.com (Dan Schaertel,,,) writes:
> In article 21627@ousrvr.oulu.fi, kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko) writes:
> |>Dan Schaertel,,, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) wrote:
> |>
> |>
> |>I love god just as much as she loves me. If she wants to seduce me,
> |>she'll know what to do. 
> |>
> 
> But if He/She did you would probably consider it rape.  

Probably because it IS rape.

> 
> |>: Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
> |>: that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
> |>: Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
> |>: the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
> |>: know more than you do now. 
> |>
> |>Your argument is of the type "you'll know once you try".
> |>Yet there are many atheists who have sincerely tried, and believed
> |>for many years, but were eventually honest enough to admit that 
> |>they had lived in a virtual reality.
> |>
> 
> Obviously there are many Christians who have tried and do believe. So .. ?

So nothing.  It may work for some, but not for others: it doesn't give any
insight into an overall God or overall truth of a religion- it would seem to be
dependent solely on the individual, as well as individually-created.  And since
Christians have failed to show us how there way of life is in any wy better
than ours, I do not see why the attempt to try it is necessary, or even
particularly attractive.

> 
> |>: To learn you must accept that which you don't know.
> |>
> |>What does this mean? To learn you must accept that you don't know 
> |>something, right-o. But to learn you must _accept_ something I don't
> |>know, why? This is not the way I prefer to learn. It is unwise to
> |>merely swallow everything you read. Suppose I write a book telling
> |>how the Great Invisible Pink Unicorn (tm) has helped me in my
> |>daily problems, would you accept this, since you can't know whether
> |>it is true or not?
> |>
> 
> No one asks you to swallow everything, in fact Jesus warns against it.   But let
> me ask you a question.  Do you beleive what you learn in history class, or for
> that matter anything in school.  I mean it's just what other people have told
> you and you don't want to swallow what others say. right ... ?

Well, we will nerver know for sure if we were told the truth or not, but at the
very least there is a bit more evidence pointing to the fact that, say, there
was a military conflict in Vietnam 25 years ago, then there is a supernatural
diety who wants us to live a certain way.  The fact that Jesus warned against
it means nothing.  *I* warn against it too.  Big deal.

> 
> The life , death, and resurection of Christ is documented historical fact.  

This is not true.  The first two choices here (life and death) are scantily
documented, and the last one is total malarky unless one uses the Bible, and
that is totally circular.  Perhaps it be better to use the imagination, or
one's ignorance.  Someone else will address this I'm sure, and refer you to
plenty of documentation...

>As much
> as anything else you learn.  How do you choose what to believe and what not to?
> I could argue that George Washington is a myth.  He never lived because I don't
> have any proof except what I am told.   However all the major events of the life
> of Jesus Christ were fortold hundreds of years before him.  Neat trick uh?

How is this?  There is nothing more disgusting than Christian attempts to
manipulate/interpret the Old Testament as being filled with signs for the
coming of Christ.  Every little reference to a stick or bit of wood is
autmoatically interpreted as the Cross.  What a miscarriage of philology.

> 
> There is no way to get into a sceptical heart.  You can not say you have given a 
> sincere effort with the attitude you seem to have.  You must TRUST, not just go 
> to church and participate in it's activities.  Were you ever willing to die for what
> you believed?  

Well, since we have skeptical hearts (thank goodness,) there is no way to get
into us.  Here we have the irreconcilable difference: Christians glorify
exactly what we tend to despise or snub: trust/belief/faith without knowledge. 
If I am lucky one day and I happen to be thinking of God at the same time my
enkephalins go up, then I may associate this as a sign of God (it will "feel"
right, and I will trust without knowing).  Maybe.  Religosity does not seem to
be anything that is conclusively arrived at, but rather it seems to be more of
a sudden affliction...
I believe many of us were willing to die for what we believed, many of us were
not.  The question is, is suchg an attitude reflective of a _correct_ or
healthy morality.  IT would seem not to be.  The same thing could reflect
fanaticism, for example, and is any case an expression of simple selfishness.
-- 

--Adam

================================================================================
| Adam John Cooper	|	"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings |
| (612) 696-7521	|	   who thought themselves good simply because  |
| acooper@macalstr.edu	|			they had no claws."	       |
================================================================================
| "Understand one another?  I fear I am beyond your comprehension." --Gandalf  |
================================================================================

From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: From soc.religion.christian



I found this little gem, I don't know if anyone has any interest/comments...


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi everyone,
           I'm a commited Christian that is battling with a problem.  I know
that romans talks about how we are saved by our faith not our deeds, yet
hebrews and james say that faith without deeds is useless, saying' You fools,
do you still think that just believing is enough?'

Now if someone is fully believing but there life is totally lead by themselves
and not by God, according to Romans that person is still saved by there faith.
But then there is the bit which says that God preferes someone who is cold to
him (i.e. doesn't know him - condemned) so a lukewarm Christian someone who
knows and believes in God but doesn't make any attempt to live by the bible.

Now I am of the opinion that you a saved through faith alone (not what you do)
as taught in Romans, but how can I square up in my mind the teachings of James
in conjunction with the lukewarm Christian being 'spat-out'

Can anyone help me, this really bothers me.-- 

in Christ,

Will


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--Adam

================================================================================
| Adam John Cooper	|	"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings |
| (612) 696-7521	|	   who thought themselves good simply because  |
| acooper@macalstr.edu	|			they had no claws."	       |
================================================================================
| "Understand one another?  I fear I am beyond your comprehension." --Gandalf  |
================================================================================

From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: College atheists

In article <1993Apr22.062438.9412@nuscc.nus.sg>, cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes:
> nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu (Nanci Ann Miller) writes:
> : nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye) writes:
> : > I read an article about a poll done of students at the Ivy League
> : > schools in which it was reported that a third of the students
> : > indentified themselves as atheists.  This is a lot higher than among the
> : > general population.  I wonder what the reasons for this discrepancy are?
> : > Is it because they are more intelligent?  Younger?  Is this the wave of
> : > the future?
> 
> What is the figure for the general population?  The last I heard, 25% of
> Americans believe in reincarnation.  Can somebody quote a stat?

I don't have a stat, but, unfortunately, I did read generally that both smoking
and belief in the supernatural (occultish garbage) is on the rise here.


> 
> : I would guess that it probably has something to do with the ease of which
> : ideas and thoughts are communicated on a college campus....
> : 
> : So, in a world where theists are forced to contend with and listen to
> : atheists and theists of other religions some are bound to have a change in
> : their beliefs over four years.  There is nowhere to run.... :-)
>  
> Funny.  In my country, it works the other way round.  Univ life is v. v.
> stressful for most people (remember, we're an Asian population) & Xtians
> like to prey on these people.  There is nowhere to run from them ...... :-<
> 

This is very interesting.  I thing the principle is sort of the same though:
all "philosophical" ideas are generally tried out and tested mostly during
college years.  Whether the idea is christian or atheist doesn't always matter.
But I'd like to say it's because atheists are more intelligent  :)


> --
> 
> The UnEnlightened One
> ------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
>                   | 
> Tan Chade Meng    | The wise man tells his wife that he understands her.
> Singapore         | 
> cmtan@iss.nus.sg  | The fool tries to prove it. 
>                   | 
> ------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
> 
-- 

regards,

--Adam

================================================================================
| Adam John Cooper	|	"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings |
| (612) 696-7521	|	   who thought themselves good simply because  |
| acooper@macalstr.edu	|			they had no claws."	       |
================================================================================
| "Understand one another?  I fear I am beyond your comprehension." --Gandalf  |
================================================================================

From: Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen)
Subject: some thoughts on Christian books...

DN> I think I took on this 'liar, lunatic, or the real thing'
DN> the last time. Or was it the time before?  Anyway, let
DN> somebody else have a turn.  I can't debate it with a
DN> straight face.  Or perhaps for something completely
DN> different we could just ridicule him or gather up all the
DN> posts from the last two times we did this and email them to
DN> him.  As an aside, can you believe that somebody actually
DN> got a book published about this?  Must have been a vanity
DN> press.

I would recomend to anyone out there to visit your local Christian bookstore
and become aware of the stuff they sell.	Quite
interesting.  Most of the stuff is far from intelectual.  (About the level of
Chick pamphelets...)  If it is a common fundie bookstore, it should have at
least one section about how you should hate Wiccans, Pagans, Catholics,
Mormons, rock musicians, and anyone else who is not as fanatical as them. 
(Hate for the "Love of God(tm)"!) It is even more interesting watching the
people who frequent such places.  Very scary people.  They hear voices from
"God" telling them whatever they want to hear.  (If they were not Christians,
most of them would be locked away.  Maybe this is why Federal money was
reduced to Mental institutions by the reagan administration...	Had to get
their religious leaders out...)

"Where would Christianity be if Jesus got eight to fifteen years, with time
off for good behavior?"
	 New York State Senator James H. Donovan on Capitol Punishment

                   Alan

- "Beware! To touch these wires is instant death! Anyone found doing
- this will be prosecuted!


From: wilsonr@logica.co.uk
Subject: Re: What it means to be human? (Was: PARSIFAL)

In article <1993Apr16.001326.15820@cs.ucla.edu>, Brad Pierce <pierce@cs.ucla.edu> writes:

>...
> The bedrock of "spiritual" unreason is the belief that resonant, yet

but theology is full of reason even if it is, as we believe, based on false
premises etc etc.

> ill-defined, terms, e.g., "spirit", "transcendental", "mind", "self",
> "consciousness", "ultimate reality", "soul", "elan vital", etc. have
> meaning. Sadly, adherents of "spiritual" movements are seldom satisfied

hold on there: no meaning to "consciousness" or "mind" or "self"?!

> with this harmless illogicality; they seem inexorably drawn to a belief

what illogicality?

> in "the primacy of the spiritual and transcendental over the material
> and empirical," i.e., the primacy of pipe dreams, jabberwocky and
> illusion over facts, science and reason.

since when is, for instance, (non-behaviourist) psychology a pipe dream? 
Surely the major purpose of the science of psychology is to understand the
workings of the mind.

> All creatures, all feelings, all thoughts, all perceptions, all
> processes and all phenomena are manifestations of the mundane, i.e.,
> matter, energy, space and time. Those who believe otherwise, albeit
> some do not supplicate "God", are not atheists.

"manifestations of the mundane" sounds rather transcendental to me. In fact
"matter", "energy", "space" and "time" are well measured but mysterious
concepts. 

Does an atheist really have to believe in your reductionism or be cast out as
not following the true faith?!

Richard Wilson
Logica Industry Ltd

From: arc1@ukc.ac.uk (Tony Curtis)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is


acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
said re. Dan Schaertel's article [if I followed the quoting right]:


>> As much as anything else you learn.  How do you choose what
>> to believe and what not to?  I could argue that George
>> Washington is a myth.  He never lived because I don't have
>> any proof except what I am told.  However all the major
>> events of the life of Jesus Christ were fortold hundreds of
>> years before him.  Neat trick uh?

> How is this?  There is nothing more disgusting than Christian attempts to
> manipulate/interpret the Old Testament as being filled with signs for the
> coming of Christ.  Every little reference to a stick or bit of wood is
> autmoatically interpreted as the Cross.  What a miscarriage of philology.

I think it may also be worthwhile pointing out that if we
take the appellation `Rabbi' seriously then Jesus had a full
grasp of contemporary `scripture'

Mat21:42 Jesus saith unto them, Did ye never read in the scriptures...

Mat22:29 Jesus answered and said unto them, Ye do err, not knowing
Mat22:29 the scriptures, nor the power of God.

Following from this, he would have been in a wonderful
position to fulfil prophesies, and the NT says as much:

Mat26:54 But how then shall the scriptures be fulfilled,
Mat26:54 that thus it must be?

Mat26:56 But all this was done, that the scriptures of the
Mat26:56 prophets might be fulfilled. Then all the disciples
Mat26:56 forsook him, and fled.

If the books comprising the referred-to `scripture' had not
been accessible then it probably would be a different
matter.

--tony

From: johnchad@triton.unm.edu (jchadwic)
Subject: Another request for Darwin Fish

Hello Gang,

There have been some notes recently asking where to obtain the DARWIN fish.
This is the same question I have and I have not seen an answer on the
net. If anyone has a contact please post on the net or email me.

Thanks,

john chadwick
johnchad@triton.unm.edu
or

From: jennyb@carina.unm.edu (Jenny Ballmann)
Subject: Re: Another request for Darwin Fish

Darwin fish can be bought from:
--
"JOIN THE DARWINNERS (TM) Send $6 to receive your official Evolving
Fish..  wherever you want to spread the good news!  Darwinners, 6671
Sunset Blvd., Ste. 1525, L.A.,CA 90028 THE GREATEST THEORY EVER TOLD!"

Jenny
-- 
Forty years from now nursing homes will be filled with demented hackers, 
studying their blank laptop screens nicely placed on knitted quilts 
to keep their knees warm.  -K. Mitchum

From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: FAQ sheet

Mike McAngus (mam@mouse.cmhnet.org) wrote:

 >By the way, news.announce.newusers has an article (can't remember which
 >one) that recommends reading a newsgroup for 1 month before posting.  
 >This makes sense because you get an idea who the players are and what 
 >the current discussions are about.

 >Am I the only one who followed that advice?

No, I spent a month just reading, too, mainly because I did not know
much about the way atheists think. I even printed out the FAQs and
discussed it with a friend before I started posting.

Alt.atheism deals with religious issues (more appropriately, lack of
religious beliefs), which are by their very nature very controversial.
It makes sense to read what is being discussed and how just to make
sure you are not repeating something others have said better.

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

From: aaron@minster.york.ac.uk
Subject: Re: Gulf War (was Re: Death Penalty was Re: Political Atheists?)

Mark McCullough (mccullou@snake12.cs.wisc.edu) wrote:
	[...details of US built chemical plant at Al Alteer near Baghdad...]
: However, the plant's intended use was to aid the Iraqi infrastructure.
: It is not an example of selling a weapon.  May sound nitpicking,
: but are we going to refuse to sell valuable parts that build the
: infrastructure because of dual use technology? 

	I am contending that in this case (and in the case of the sale
of pesticides by UK companies) that they knew full well that it was to 
be used for the production of chemical weapons even if that was not its
officially stated purpose.

: I personally don't think that letting Iran conquer Iraq would have been a 
: good thing.  

	For that matter, neither do I (for the reasons you state). It is the 
hypocrisy and claims the US did not help Iraq that make me angry, plus the
fact that the USA seems to believe it has the *right* to interfere where
is sees fit (i.e. has an interest) rather than a *duty* to intervene where
it is required. This is demonstrated by the failure of the US to do anything
about East Timor (and the region *is* becoming destabilised). The USA might
have done something approaching the right thing, given my reservations about
the uncessary number of civillian casualites, but for wholly the wrong reasons
and after having a hand in creating the situation.

: That in no way would affect the US later military action against Iraq.

	I did not suggest it would and it would be ridiculous to assert
otherwise. I was simply indicating the USA has previously aided Iraq.

: Intel on manufacturing techniques, or something of that nature? 

	No, apparently data (orginally from satellites although I doubt
that Iraq would have been given the raw data) concerning troop concentrations.

		Aaron Turner	aaron@minster.york.ac.uk

From: aaron@minster.york.ac.uk
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

Shamim Zvonko Mohamed (sham@cs.arizona.edu) wrote:
: BULLSHIT!!! In the Gulf Massacre, 7% of all ordnance used was "smart." The
: rest - that's 93% - was just regular, dumb ol' iron bombs and stuff. Have
: you forgotten that the Pentagon definition of a successful Patriot launch
: was when the missile cleared the launching tube with no damage? Or that a
: successful interception of a Scud was defined as "the Patriot and Scud
: passed each other in the same area of the sky"?
: 
: And of the 7% that was the "smart" stuff, 35% hit. Again - try to follow me
: here - that means 65% of this "smart" arsenal missed.

I used to have full figures on this including the tons of bombs dropped
and the number of cluster bomblet munitions used. I had heard the 90% of
the laser-guided weapons hit, which is an unprecedented rate of success.
25% of the iron weapons hit, again unprecedented. The following is a rough
estimate, but this means of the 80,000 tons of bombs dropped by US aircraft
around 56,000 tons *missed*. I'm not sure what proportion of this was
dropped of Baghdad rather than troop concentrations in Iraq and Kuwait.
Much of the tonnage dropped was cluster munitions, as were all the MRLS
rounds and many of the artillery rounds. Napalm and fuel air explosives
were also used (Remember how we were told that weapons of mass destruction
such as FAE were very naughty indeed?)

From: aaron@minster.york.ac.uk
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

Mark McCullough (mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu) wrote:
: This figure, is far below all the other figures I have seen.  If it
: is indeed accurate, then how do you explain the discrepancy between
: that figure, and other figures from international organizations?
: Most figures I have seen place the hit ratio close to 70%, which is 
: still far higher than your 35%.  Or does your figure say a bomb
: missed if the plane took off with it, and the bomb never hit the target,
: regardless of whether or not the bomb was dropped?  Such methods
: are used all the time to lie with statistics.

Answering the last sentence, claimed that they had a success rate of 80%
without initially explaining, until pressed, that this meant that 80%
of the aircraft came back having dropped their bombs somewhere, regardless'
of whether they had hit the intended target, or indeed anything al all.

		Aaron Turner


From: aaron@minster.york.ac.uk
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

Mark McCullough (mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu) wrote:
: >Prove it. I have a source that says that to date, the civilian death count
: >(er, excuse me, I mean "collateral damage") is about 200,000.
: 
: I have _never_ seen any source that was claiming such a figure.  Please
: post the source so its reliability can be judged.  

This figure would not simply be deaths by bombing, but also death later
from disease (the sewer system of Baghdad was deliberately targeted) and
starvation. I believe (but when I get a copy of the latest research in
June or July) that this was the figure proposed in the Census Bureau 
report on the matter. The report was suppressed and the CB attempted to
sack the author of the report, but failed due to procedural technicality.
The author is now on permanent leave. 

		Aaron Turner



From: aaron@minster.york.ac.uk
Subject: Re: Gulf War / Selling Arms

Mark McCullough (mccullou@snake10.cs.wisc.edu) wrote:
: I heard about the arms sale to Saudi Arabia.  Now, how is it such a grave
: mistake to sell Saudi Arabia weapons?  Or are you claiming that we shouldn't
: sell any weapons to other countries?  Straightforward answer please.

Saudi Arabia is an oppressive regime that has been recently interfering
in the politcs of newly renunified Yemen, including assasinations and 
border incursions. It is entirely possible that they will soon invade.
Unluckily for Yemen it is not popular in the West as they managed to put
aside political differences during reunification and thus the West has
effectively lost one half (North?) as a client state.

		Aaron Turner
 

From: cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5v2Mr.1z1@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
[deleted stuff from Andrew wrt which atheist myth is Bill re: to]
> 
> Andrew,
> 
> The myth to which I refer is the convoluted counterfeit athiests have
> created to make religion appear absurd. 

"Counterfeit atheists". Hmmmm. So, we're just cheap knock-offs of the
True Atheists. 

Religion demonstrates itself to be absurd. Constantly. Personally, if 
someone asks, I'm happy to point out how this is so. 

> Rather than approach religion
> (including Christainity) in a rational manner and debating its claims
> -as the are stated-, atheists concoct outrageous parodies and then
> hold the religious accountable for beliefs they don't have. What is
> more accurately oxymoric is the a term like, reasonable atheist.

Man, what *is* your pill wrt atheists? If you're going to make such
contentious statements, back them up! At least, READ NEWS: time-and-time
again, we've hashed out the beliefs various religous doctrines hold. 
Try debating reasonably with someone who makes a statement like, 
"...more accurately oxymoric is the a term like, reasonable atheist."
Then take a look at the responses we've given Tammy. Seem pretty
"reasonable", nay, even "polite" to me. 

[accusations of myths a-flyin']
>  
> Here's a good example of of what I said above. Read the post again, I
> said, "Acoording to ...", which means I am referring to Christian
> doctrine (as I understand it), if I am speaking for myself you'll know
> it. My purpose in posting was to present a basic overview of Christain
> doctrines since it seemed germane.

I saw your reference to "According to" in the original article.
Then you do such an excellent job of spewing dogma that, well, the
implication was pretty clear (if wrong, in this case).

[jeez, a misunderstanding. Let it go.]

[more statements to wrap this thing up]
> 
> 3) If you read my post with same care as read the FAQ, we wouldn't be
> having this conversation.

If you had WRITTEN your post with the same as care as the FAQ has been,
we wouldn't be having this discussion.

[gems about evidence deleted]

> 
> Yes, human reason does always come back to the existence of God, we're
> having this discussion are we not?

Jeez, do I have to point this out to you? This discussion is not all
instances of human reason. Therefore, your implication is false.


> 
> Well this is interesting, Truth is to be determined by it politically
> correct content. Granted it's extremely unhip to be a WASP male, and
> anything European is contemptable, but I thought this kind of
> dialogue, the purpose of a.a, was to get at the truth of things. But
> then I remember the oxymoron, reasonalble atheist, and I understand.

How lame can you get. Who said anything about the 'truth' of things?
Read the FAQ very carefully, please. Then report your findings about
where it says the purpose of a.a is to find the 'truth' of things.

And stop impressing your own misguided image of atheists upon us. It's
really pissing me off.

> 
> Bill

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Discordian & SubGenius books, addresses etc.

As requested, here are some addresses of sources of bizarre religious satire
and commentary...  Plus some bijou book reviewettes.

---

Loompanics Unlimited
PO Box 1197
Port Townsend, WA 98368. USA.

Publishers of one of the most infamous mail-order book catalogue in the 
world.  Anarchism, Discordianism, Libertarianism, cryogenics, money-making
(legal and illegal), privacy and security, self-defense, and all kinds of
other stuff that keeps Christians awake at nights.

---

The Church of the SubGenius
PO Box 140306
Dallas, TX 75214. USA.

The original end times church for post-human mutants; a high temple for 
scoffers, mockers and blasphemers.  Be one of the few to board the X-ist 
saucers in 1998 and escape Space God JHVH-1's stark fist of removal.  J.R.
"Bob" Dobbs, God of Sales, is waiting to take your money and ordain you. 
Magazines, sick audio cassettes, and assorted offensive cynisacreligious 
material.  Periodic lists of addresses of Pink religious cults and contact
points for the world wierdo network.

Expect a slow response to mail.  Only conspiracies are well-organized.  You
will eventually get what you pay for if you give them some slack.

---

Counter Productions
PO Box 556
London SE5 0RL
UK

A UK source of obscure books.  A wide-ranging selection; Surrealism, 
Anarchism, SubGenius, Discordianism, Robert Anton Wilson, Lovecraftian 
horror, Cyberpunk, Forteana, political and social commentary, Wilhelm Reich,
Orgone tech, obscure rock music, SF, and so on.  Send an SAE (and maybe a
bribe, they need your money) and ask for a catalogue.  Tell them mathew sent
you.  I've ordered from these folks three or four times now, and they're
about as fast and efficient as you can expect from this sort of operation.

---

Forbidden Planet
Various sites in the UK; in particular, along London's New Oxford Street, just 
down the road from Tottenham Court Road tube station.

Mass market oddness.  SubGenius, Robert Anton Wilson, Loompanics, and of 
course huge quantities of SF.  Not a terribly good selection, but they're in
the high street.

---

REVIEWETTE: "Loompanics' Greatest Hits"
ISBN 1-55950-031-X (Loompanics)

A selection of articles picked from the books in Loompanics' catalogue.  
Subjects include:

 * Christian Dispensationalism -- how right-wing Christians encouraged 
   the Cold War
 * Satanic Child Abuse myths
 * Religion and censorship
 
Plus lots of anarchist and libertarian stuff, situationism, computers and 
privacy, and so on.  Guaranteed to contain at least one article that'll 
offend you -- like, for example, the interview with Bradley R. Smith, the 
Holocaust Revisionist.  A good sampling of stuff in a coffee table book.  (Of
course, whether you want to leave this sort of stuff lying around on your
coffee table is another matter.)

QUOTE:

"The fundamentalists leap up and down in apoplectic rage and joy.  Their 
worst fantasies are vindicated, and therefore (or so they like to think), 
their entire theology and socio-political agenda is too.  Meanwhile, teen-age
misanthropes and social misfits murder their enemies, classmates, families,
friends, even complete strangers, all because they read one of Anton LaVey's
cooks or listened to one too many AC/DC records.  The born-agains are ready
to burn again, and not just books this time."

---

REVIEWETTE: "The Book of the SubGenius", J.R. Dobbs & the SubGenius Foundation
ISBN 0-671-63810-6 (Simon & Schuster)

Described by 'Rolling Stone' as "A sick masterpiece for those who can still
laugh at the fact that nothing is funny anymore."  The official Bible of the
SubGenius Church, containing the sacred teachings of J.R. "Bob" Dobbs. 
Instant answers to everything; causes catalytic brain cell loss in seconds;
the secret of total slack; how to relax in the safety of your delusions and
pull the wool over your own eyes; nuclear doom and other things to laugh at.

QUOTE:

"He has been known to answer questions concerning universal truths with 
screams.  With suggestive silence.  By peeing down his pants leg.  His most
famous sermon was of cosmic simplicity: "Bob" standing on the stage with his
hands in his pockets, smoking, looking around and saying nothing.  Heated
arguments still rage among the monks, often erupting into fatal duels, as
towhether the Master consulted his wristwatch during this divine period of
Grace."

--

REVIEWETTE: "High Weirdness by Mail", Rev. Ivan Stang
ISBN 0-671-64260-X (Simon & Schuster)

An encyclopedia of wierd organizations you can contact by mail.  Space 
Jesuses, Christian vs Christian, UFO contactees, New Age saps, Creationists,
Flat Earthers, White Supremacist churches, plus (yawn) CSICOP, Sceptical
Enquirer and stuff like that.  Not just a list of addresses, though, as each
kook group is ruthlessly mocked and ridiculed with sarcastic glee.  If you
like alt.atheism's flame wars, this is the book for you.  Made me laugh until
my stomach ached.  Revised edition due some time in the next year or two.

SAMPLE ENTRY:

   Entertaining Demons Unawares
   Southwest Radio Church
   PO Box 1144
   Oklahoma City, OK 73101

   "Your Watchman on the Wall."  Another flagellating, genuflecting 
   fundamentalist outfit.  Their booklet "Entertaining Demons Unawares"
   exposes the Star Wars / E.T. / Dungeons & Dragons / Saturday morning
   cartoon / Satanic connection in horrifying detail.  Left out Smurfs,
   though! I especially liked the bit about Wonder Woman's Antichrist origins.
   Keep in mind that once you send for anything from these people, you'll be
   on their mailing list for life.

---

REVIEWETTE: "The Abolition of Work", Bob Black
ISBN 0-915179-41-5 (Loompanics)

A selection of Bob Black's painfully witty and intelligent anarchist tracts
collected into book form.  If I were this good I'd be insufferable.(*) 
Probably the only thought-provoking political book that's fun to read.

QUOTE:

"Babble about 'The wages of sin' serves to cover up 'the sin of wages'.  We
want rights, not rites -- sex, not sects.  Only Eros and Eris belong in our
pantheon.  Surely the Nazarene necrophile has had his revenge by now. 
Remember, pain is just God's way of hurting you."

---

REVIEWETTE: "Principia Discordia", Malaclypse the Younger
ISBN 1-55950-040-9 (Loompanics)

The infamous Discordian Bible, reprinted in its entirety and then some.  Yes,
you could FTP the online copy, but this one has all the pictures.  Explains
absolutely everything, including the Law of Fives, how to start a Discordian
Cabal, and instructions for preaching Discordianism to Christians. 

QUOTE:

"A Discordian is Required during his early Illumination to Go Off Alone & 
Partake Joyously of a Hot Dog on a Friday; this Devotive Caremony to 
Remonstrate against the popular Paganisms of the Day: of Catholic Christendom
(no meat on Friday), of Judaism (no meat of Pork), of Hindic Peoples (no meat
of Beef), of Buddhists (no meat of animal), and of Discordians (no Hot Dog
Buns)."

---

REVIEWETTE: "Natural Law, or Don't Put a Rubber on Your Willy",
            Robert Anton Wilson
ISBN 0-915179-61-X (Loompanics)

The author of the Illuminatus trilogy rails against natural law, natural 
morality, objective reality, and other pervasive myths.  Witty and 
thought-provoking work from someone who actually seems to know an argument
from a hole in the ground.

QUOTE:

"Since theological propositions are scientifically meaningless, those of us
of pragmatic disposition simply won't buy such dubious merchandise. [...] 
Maybe -- remotely -- there might be something in such promotions, as there
might be something in the talking dogs and the stocks in Arabian tapioca
mines that W.C. Fields once sold in his comedies, but we suspect that we
recognize a con game in operation.  At least, we want to hear the dog talk or
see the tapioca ore before we buy into such deals."

---

All of the books mentioned above should be available from Counter Productions
in the UK, or directly from the SubGenius Foundation or Loompanics Unlimited.


mathew
[ (*) What do you mean I am anyway? ]
-- 
"Dreamed I laid a toaster...  Daddy caught me in the act.  Can you take it?"
 -- DEVO


From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <1r98voINNr9q@lynx.unm.edu> cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl) writes:

>> The myth to which I refer is the convoluted counterfeit athiests have
>> created to make religion appear absurd. 
>
>"Counterfeit atheists". Hmmmm. So, we're just cheap knock-offs of the
>True Atheists. 

	They must be theists in disguise.

	In any event, we don't _need_ to create religious parodies: just 
look at some actual religions which are absurd.


[34mAnd now . . . [35mDeep Thoughts[0m
	[32mby Jack Handey.[0m

[36mIf you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and your
friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be
to pretend you were swimming.[0m


From: mtabbott@unix.amherst.edu (MTA)
Subject: Atheism survey

I am doing research on atheism, part of which involves field research here
on the net.  The following is a survey directed towards all readers of this
group, intended to get data about the basis of atheistic belief.  I would
seriously appreciate it if each and every one of you would fill it out and
mail it back to me at mtabbott@unix.amherst.edu.  

First of all, I've tried to structure questions that can be answered in a
variety of ways, with varying amounts of detail; it's possible to give 
succinct answers to most everything, but there's enough here to keep most of 
you typing for hours, I'm sure.  As much detail as you want to give me (I mean 
it) is great, but it's also important for me to have as broad a base of 
individuals as possible, so even minimal responses are far better than nothing
-- it's a short survey if you just answer the questions without elaboration.  

Secondly, I hope some of the questions don't come off as obnoxious; I know that
phrases like "What would convince you of the existence of God" imply that I am
a seminary student intent on proving you all to be ignorant Godless heathens.
In fact, I'm not too sure about the existence of a higher power myself, so my
use of "God" is a question of locution rather than ideology -- it's easier 
than just repeating "a deity or higher power" every time.  

Also, I tend to use a lot of anthropological buzzwords like "belief system"
although I know some of you might contend that you don't have ANY beliefs, but
are skeptical towards everything.  I understand; but you know what I mean.
Think of such buzzwords as abbreviations for the rather unweildy phrases 
required to get the precise idea across.  

Lastly, thanks!  Please fill out as much as you can, in as much detail as
you can, and send them to me.  My research and I thank you.  

---------------

Where would you place your beliefs, on the spectrum 
	Theism <--> Agnosticism <--> Weak Atheism <--> Strong Atheism?  
Feel free to elaborate on your specific beliefs.  


In what, if any, religious tradition were you raised?  Did you ever believe 
in the existence of a God?  (Several of the following questions presume 
that the answer to this is "yes;" if you've always been an atheist, or at
least never a theist, you may have to modify the question/answer somewhat.)


How serious was your/your family's involvement?  

How and when did you start to doubt the tenets you were raised to believe?  

How and when did your "final break" with your beliefs, if any, occur?  I 
realize that this is often more of an ongoing process than an "event" per se;
whatever the case, just describe it in whatever detail you wish.  


What contact with other atheists have you had; before and after (and during)
your "conversion" to atheism?  (Certainly your involvement with alt.atheism
counts -- how have net discussions affected your beliefs?)  

To what extent do you think other atheists have influenced you in your
beliefs?  Did you come by your beliefs through discussion, through
independent means, or by some combination of the two or other means?  


Are you convinced that your beliefs were acquired through wholly rational
means (proofs of the non-existence of God, etc), or was it perhaps, at least 
in part, through other means (alienation from mainstream religion, etc)?  


To what extent do you feel you "understand" the universe through your beliefs?
What phenomena of the universe and of human existence (anything from physical
phenomena to the problem of the existence of evil in human affairs) do you 
feel are adequately dealt with by your beliefs, and where are they lacking as 
an explanatory method?  

What would it take for you to question, or change, your beliefs?  What would
convince you of the existence of God, what would convince you of the 
plausibility of God's existence, and so forth?  How dynamic are your beliefs
-- are they constantly changing; have they stayed more or less the same for
some time?  

Are you involved in a career or education in science?  To what extent do you
think science has influenced your beliefs?  (Issac Asimov claimed that science
was the new "secular religion," and that "scientists are, in a very real sense,
the new priesthood."  Do you see the pursuit of science as having a quasi-
religious base, or even a religious element?)  

---------------

This survey is intended to get data from a broad range of individuals, but
also to help me narrow down the field to a small group of people whose
ideas and histories could be very useful to me.  Would you be willing to have
me, on the basis of this survey, write you to find out more about you and your
beliefs?  If not, fine; your filling out the survey alone is great.  

---------------

Thanks again.  Feel free to contact me if you have any questions about what
I'm doing with this data, or if you have anything to say in addition to what
I've asked about above.  

	Mark Abbott
	mtabbott@unix.amherst.ed

From: simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution, now with free Ockham's Razor inside

Sorry about the delay in responding, due to conference paper deadline panic.

In article <1qsnqqINN1nr@senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU> bobs@thnext.mit.edu (Robert Singleton) writes:
>In article <1993Apr18.043207.27862@dcs.warwick.ac.uk>  
>simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale) writes:

[Alarming amounts of agreement deleted :-)]

> I made my statement about Ockums Razor from my experiences in physics. 
> Thanks for info in Baysian statistics - very interesting and I didn't
> know it before. I follow your proof, but I have one questions. We have
> two hypotheses H and HG - the latter is more "complicated", which by
> definition means P(H) > P(HG).

That ("complicated") isn't in fact where P(H) > P(HG) comes from; it's more
the other way around. It's from

  P(H)  =  P(HG) +  P(HG')  where G' is the complement of G

and by axiom, P(anything) >= 0, so P(HG') >= 0, so P(H) >= P(HG).

In a sense, HG is necessarily more "complicated" than H for any H and G,
so I may be splitting hairs, but what I'm trying to say is that irrespective
of subjective impressions of how complicated something is, P(H) >= P(HG)
holds, with equality if and only if P(HG') = 0.

> As you point out, it's a very simple matter to show P(x | H) = P(x | HG)
> ==> P(H | x) > P(HG | x), and thus H is to be preferd to HG. Now to say
> that H is as consistent with the data as HG is to say P(x | H) =  P(x | HG).
> Can you elaborate some on this.

Well, "P(x | A) = P(x | B)" means that x is as likely to be observed if A is
operative as it is if B is operative. This implies that observing x does not
provide any useful information which might allow us to discriminate between
the respective possibilities that A and B are operative; the difference
reduces to the difference between the (unknown and unhelpful) prior
probabilities P(A) and P(B):

  P(x | A) = P(x | B)  ==>

    P(A | x)  =  k P(A),   and   P(B | x)  =  k P(B)

where k  =  P(x | A) / P(x)  =  P(x | B) / P(x).

So A and B are "equally consistent with the data" in that observing x
doesn't give any pointers as to which of A or B is operative.

In the particular case where A = H and B = HG, however, we know that their
prior probabilities are ordered by P(H) >= P(HG), although we don't know
the actual values, and it's this which allows us to deploy the Razor to
throw out any such HG.

> Also, in the "real world" it isn't as clear cut and dry it seems 
> to me. We can't always determine whether the equality "P(x | H) =  
> P(x | HG)" is true. 

That's certainly true, but the particular point here was whether or
not a `divine component' actually underlies the prevalence of religion
in addition to the memetic transmission component, which even the religious
implicitly acknowledge to be operative when they talk of `spreading the word'.

Now it seems to me, as I've said, that the observed variance in religious
belief is well accounted for by the memetic transmission model, but rather
*less* well if one proposes a `divine component' in addition, since I would
expect the latter to conspire *against* wide variance and even mutual
exclusion among beliefs. Thus my *personal* feeling is that P(x | HG) isn't
even equal to P(x | H) in this case, but is smaller (H is memetic transmission,
G is `divine component', x is the variance among beliefs). But I happily
acknowledge that this is a subjective impression.

> BTW, my beef with your Baysian argument was not a mathematical one - 
> I checked most of your work and didn't find an error and you seem very  
> careful so there probably isn't a "math mistake". I think the mistake
> is philosophical. But just to make sure I understand you, can please 
> rephrase it in non-technical terms? I think this is a reasonable 
> request - I always try to look for ways of  explaining physics to 
> non-physicist. I'm not a Baysian statistician (nor any type of 
> statistician), so this would be very helpful. 

Not that I'm a statistician as such either, but:

The idea is that both theism and atheism are compatible with all of
the (read `my') observations to date. However, theism (of the type with
which I am concerned) *also* suggests that, for instance, prayer may be
answered, people may be miraculously healed (both are in principle amenable
to statistical verification) and that god/s may generally intervene in
measurable ways.

This means that these regions of the space of possible observations, 
which I loosely termed "appearances of god/s", have some nonzero
probability under the theistic hypothesis and zero under the atheistic.

Since there is only so much probability available for each hypothesis to
scatter around over the observation space, the probability which theism
expends on making "appearances of god/s" possible must come from somewhere
else (i.e. other possible observations).

All else being equal, this means that an observation which *isn't* an
"appearance of god/s" must have a slightly higher probability under
atheism than under theism. The Bayesian stuff implies that such
observations must cause my running estimate for the probability of
the atheistic hypothesis to increase, with a corresponding decrease
in my running estimate for the probability of the theistic hypothesis.

Sorry if that's still a bit jargonesque, but it's rather difficult to
put it any other way, since it does depend intimately on the properties
of conditional probability densities, and particularly that the total
area under them is always unity.

An analogy may (or may not :-) be helpful. Say that hypothesis A is "the
coin is fair", and that B is "the coin is unfair (two-headed)". (I've
used A and B to avoid confusion with H[heads] and T[tails].)

Then

  P(H | A) = 0.5  }  total 1
  P(T | A) = 0.5  }

  P(H | B) = 1    }  total 1
  P(T | B) = 0    }

The observations are a string of heads, with no tails. This is compatible
with both a fair coin (A) and a two-headed coin (B). However, the probability
expended by A on making possible the appearance of tails (even though they
don't actually appear) must come from somewhere else, since the total must
be unity, and it comes in this case from the probability of the appearance
of heads.

Say our running estimates at time n-1 are e[n-1](A) and e[n-1](B). The
observation x[n] at time n is another head, x[n] = H. The estimates are
modified according to

                            P(H | A)
  e[n](A)   =   e[n-1](A) * --------   =   e[n-1](A) * m
                              P(H)

and

                            P(H | B)
  e[n](B)   =   e[n-1](B) * --------   =   e[n-1](B) * 2m
                              P(H)

Now we don't know P(H), the *actual* prior probability of a head, but
the multiplier for e(A) is half that for e(B). This is true every time
the coin is tossed and a head is observed.

Thus whatever the initial values of the estimates, after n heads, we have

                 n
  e[n](A)   =   m  e[0](A)

and
                    n
  e[n](B)   =   (2m)  e[0](B),

and since e[k](A) + e[k](B) = 1 at any time k, you can show that 0.5 < m < 1
and thus 1 < 2m < 2. Hence the estimate for the fair-coin hypothesis A must
decrease at each trial and that for the two-headed coin hypothesis B must
increase, even though both hypotheses are compatible with a string of heads.

The loose analogy is between "unfair coin" and atheism, and between "fair
coin" and theism, with observations consistent with both. A tail, which
would falsify "unfair coin", is analogous to an "appearance of god/s",
which would falsify atheism. I am *not* claiming that the analogy extends
to the numerical values of the various probabilities, just that the principle
is the same.

>> Constant observation of no evidence for gods, if evidence for them 
>                                                ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>> is at all possible under the respective theisms, constantly increases
>  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>> the notional estimated probability that they don't exist, 

> It's important to draw a distinction between theism that could
> be supported or not supported by evidence and theism that can't.
> Given a theism for which evidence is in principle not possible,
> it doesn't make sense to say "lack of evidence" supports the contrary 
> view.

Quite so, but this type of theism is what I might call "the G in the HG",
in terms of our Ockham's Razor discussion, and I'd bin it on those grounds.

> So it depends upon your conception of this god. If it's a conception 
> like Zeus, who happened to come down to earth to "play" quite 
> frequently, then I agree with you - lack of evidence for this conception 
> of god is evidence that it does not exist. But if your conception
> of God is one that does not make falsifiable predictions (see below
> on "falsifiable predictions"), then I disagree -- lack of evidence
> does not support a disbelief. 

The hypotheses don't have to be falsifiable, and indeed in my `model',
the theism isn't falsifiable.

> [...]

> I used the phrase "SHOULD obverse". Given any specific 'x' theism 
> does not make the prediction "P(x | Ht) > 0". That's why I used the 
> word "should" - theism makes no predictions about any specific event.
> I can only say "I believe" that God did such and such after such
> and such happens, or "I believe God will" do such and such. But
> for any given 'x' I can never, a priori, say P(x | Ht) > 0. I can
> not even say this for the set of all 'x' or some 'x'. This is what 
> don't like about your use of probability. We also have no way of
> assigning these probabilities - I hold science to positivistic
> criteria - if someone cannot tell me how to measure, even in principle,
> P(x | H), then probability is not applicable to hypothesis H. Such
> is the case when H = Ht (theistic) and Ha (atheistic). For example,
> P(x | Ha) = P(x & Ha)/P(Ha). What is P(Ha)?!? How do I measure it? 

You don't have to. We don't need, in the above analogy, to know *any*
prior probabilities to deduce that the updating multiplier for the
fair-coin hypothesis is less than unity, and that the corresponding
multiplier for the two-headed coin hypothesis is greater than unity.
You don't need to know the initial values of the running estimates
either. It's clear that after a large number of observations, P(fair-coin)
approaches zero and P(two-headed-coin) approaches unity.

All you need to know is whether P(x | Ha) is larger than P(x | Ht) for
observed x, and this follows from the assumptions that there are certain
events rendered *possible* (not necessary) under Ht which are not possible
under Ha, and all else is equal.

> Baysian statistics relies upon a series of observations. But
> what if the hypothesis isn't amenable to observation? And even for
> statements that are amenable to observation, some observations are
> not relevant -- a sequence of observations must be chosen with care.
> I'm curious to know what types of observations x[1],x[2],... you have 
> in mind concerning theism and atheism.

Any observations you like; it really doesn't matter, nor affect the
reasoning, provided that there are some possible observations which
would count as "appearances of god/s". Examples of this might be
a demonstration of the efficacy of prayer, or of the veracity of
revelation.

>> But any statement about P(x | H) for general x still counts as a 
>> prediction of H. If the theism in question, Ht, says that prayer may 
>> be answered, or that miracles may happen (see my interpretation, quoted 
>> again above, of what `God exists' means), then this is a prediction, 
>> P(x | Ht) > 0 for such x. It's what distinguishes it from the atheist 
>> hypothesis Ha, which predicts that this stuff does not happen, P(x | Ha)
>> = 0 for such x.

> Theism does not make the claim that "P(x | Ht) > 0 for such x".
> Or I should say that my "theism" doesn't. Maybe I was too quick to
> say we had a common language. You said that by the existence of God 
> you "mean the notion that the deity described by the Bible and by 
> Christians *does* interact with the universe as claimed by those agents".
> I agreed with this. However, I must be careful here. I BELIEVE
> this - I'm not making any claims. Maybe I should have changed *does*
> to *can* - there is an important shift of emphasis. But any way,
> since I "only" have a belief, I cannot conclude "P(x | Ht) > 0 for 
> such x".

OK, we'll downgrade "*does* interact" to "*may* interact", which would
actually be better since "does interact" implies a falsifiability which
we both agree is misplaced.

> I don't think my theism makes "predictions". Maybe I'm not
> understanding what you mean by "prediction" - could you explain what
> you mean by this word?

I'll explain, but bear in mind that this isn't central; all I require of
a theism is that it *not* make the prediction "Appearances of god/s will
never happen", as does atheism. (Before somebody points out that quantum
mechanics doesn't make this prediction either, the difference is that
QM and atheism do not form a partition.)

Predictions include such statements as "Prayer is efficacious" (implying
"If you do the stats, you will find that Prayer is efficacious"), or "Prayer
is *not* efficacious", or "Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not
pass, till all these things be fulfilled." I don't think we have any problems
of misunderstanding here.

>> Persistent observation of this stuff not happening, *consistent* with
>> Ht though it may be, is *more* consistent with Ha, as explained in the
>> Bayesian stats post. 
>>
>> Even if Ht ("God exists") is unfalsifiable, that's
>> no problem for my argument, other than that you have to let the number 
>> of observations go to infinity to falsify it asymptotically. 

> BTW, I do not consider an argument that requires an infinite number of 
> observations as valid - or rather that part of the argument is not valid. 
> We, as existing humans, can never make an infinite number of measurments 
> and any conclusion that reilies on this I don't accept as valid.

That's fine; I don't claim that theism is false, merely that the [finite
number of] observations available to me so far suggest that it is, and
that as I continue to observe, the suggestion looks better and better.

> [Renormalization stuff deleted]

>> In the Bayesian stats post, I assumed that theism was indeed unfalsifiable
>> in a finite number of observations. Here's the relevant quote:
>> 
>> $ The important assumption is that there are *some* observations which 
>> $ are compatible with the theist hypothesis and not with the atheist 
>> $ hypothesis, and thus would falsify atheism; these are what I called 
>> $`appearances of god/s', but this need not be taken too literally. Any 
>> $ observation which requires for its explanation that one or more gods 
>> $ exist will count. All other observations are assumed to be compatible 
>> $ with both hypotheses. This leaves theism as unfalsifiable, and atheism 
>> $ as falsifiable in a single observation only by such `appearances of 
>> $ god/s'.

> Here is my problem with this. For something to be falsifiable it
> must make the prediction that 'x' should not be seen. If 'x' is 
> seen then the hypothesis has been falsified. Now, atheism is a word 
> in oposition to something - theism. A theism aserts a  belief and an 
> atheism aserts a disbelief. So there are certain atheisms that are 
> certainly falsifiable - just as there are certain theisms that are 
> falsifable (e.g. if my theism asserts the world is only 6,000 years 
> old and that God does not decieve then this has been falsified). However, 
> the atheism that is in oposition to an unfalsifiable theism is also 
> unfalsifiable. I could be wrong on this statment - [...contd]

I think you are; an "appearance of god/s" is sufficient to falsify
atheism, whereas in general the corresponding theism is unfalsifiable.

> I'll think more about it. Until then, here is a general question.
> Suppse X were unfalsifiable. Is not(X) also unfalsifiable? 

No: by way of a counterexample, let X = "the coin is fair", or more
accurately (so that not(X) makes sense) "the two sides of the coin are
different". This is unfalsifiable by tossing the coin; even a string of
heads is consistent with a fair coin, and you have to go to an infinite
number of tosses to falsify X in the limit. Its converse is falsifiable,
and is falsified when at least one head and at least one tail have appeared.

>>> This is partly what's wrong with you Baysian argument - which 
>>> requires observations x[1] ... x[n] to be made. There are simply 
>>> no such observations that have a truth value in relation to the 
>>> statement "God exists". Now, by use of your symmetry argument, I 
>>> can understand why someone would say "Since the statement 
>>> 'God does not exist'
>>   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
>>> makes no predictions I will choose not to believe it." But none
>>> the less this would be founded on a type of faith - or if you don't
>>> like the word faith insert "belief for which there is no falsifiable
>>> evidence" instead. 

>> I'll assume you meant `God exists' up there at the highlight. But by our
>> agreed definition of "exists", the statement makes predictions as I said
>> above, although it isn't falsifiable in a finite number of observations.

> Actually, I mean 'God does not exist' makes no predictions.

Oops. Sorry. Mea culpa.

> The truth of this statment actually depends upon which god you are
> refering to. But I can think of some conceptions of God for which 
> it is true. But once again I'm open to the posibility that I could
> be wrong. So give me some examples of predictions of the statment
> "God does not exist". Here is one that I can think of. If true, then 
> there would be no healing or miricles. But this can in principle never 
> be determined one way or the other. There are cases in which people 
> seem to recover and are healed without the help of a doctor and for no  
> known reason. These situations do in fact happen. They are consistent
> with a theistic hypothesis, but IN NO WAY support such a hypothesis.

We agree here.

> They are not inconsistent with an atheistic hypothesis. I can't
> think of one "prediction" from 'God does not exist' that isn't of
> this type. But I might be missing something. 

"The Rapture will not happen on October 28 1992." Said Rapture would have
falsified atheism to my satisfaction had it happened, although its failure
to happen does not, of course, falsify any theisms other than those which
specifically predicted it.

"No phenomenon which requires the existence of one or more gods for its
explanation will ever be observed." That about sums the whole thing up.

> bob singleton
> bobs@thnext.mit.edu

Cheers

Simon
-- 
Simon Clippingdale                simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk
Department of Computer Science    Tel (+44) 203 523296
University of Warwick             FAX (+44) 203 525714
Coventry CV4 7AL, U.K.

From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes: >

>Tammy "See, Maddi, I trimmed it!" Healy

Well, you're going to have to practice, but you're getting
the hang of it.  Soon we're going to have to give you a new
nickname.  Try these on for size:

Tammy "Lucky Seven" Healy
Tammy "Pass the falafel" Healy
Tammy "R Us" Healy
Tammy "Learning by Doing" Healy



Maddi "Never a Useful Post" Hausmann

-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.


From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <115288@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) wrote:
> He'd have to be precise about is rejection of God and his leaving Islam.
> One is perfectly free to be muslim and to doubt and question the
> existence of God, so long as one does not _reject_ God. I am sure that
> Rushdie has be now made his atheism clear in front of a sufficient 
> number of proper witnesses. The question in regard to the legal issue
> is his status at the time the crime was committed. 

Gregg, so would you consider that Rushdie would now be left alone,
and he could have a normal life? In other words, does Islam support
the notion of forgiving?

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <115437@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) wrote:
> As I have stated on a parallel thread, I am not an anarchist, nor is
> Islam anarchist. Therefore the UK should have control over itself. 
> However, this does not change the fact that it is possible for citizens
> of the UK residing within the UK to be in violation of Islamic law.

This is an interesting notion -- and one I'm scared of. In my
case I'm a Finnish citizen, I live in USA, and I have to conform
to the US laws. However, the Finnish government is not actively
checking out what I'm doing in this country, in other words checking
out if I conform to the Finnish laws.

However, Islamic law seems to be a 'curse' that is following you
everywhere in the world. Shades of 1984, eh?

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1qlf7gINN8sn@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith
Allan Schneider) wrote:
> Which type of morality are you talking about?  In a natural sense, it
> is not at all immoral to harm another species (as long as it doesn't
> adversely affect your own, I guess).

Hehehe, so you say, but this objective morality somehere tells you 
that this is not the case, and you don't know all the rules of such
transcendental game systems...

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Free Moral Agency and Kent S.

In article <healta.140.734925835@saturn.wwc.edu>, healta@saturn.wwc.edu
(Tammy R Healy) wrote:
> At the time Ezekiel was written, Israel was in apostacy again and if I'm not 
> mistaken, Tyre was about to make war on Israel.  Like I said, the Prince of 
> Tyre was the human ruler of Tyre.  He was a wicked man.  By calling Satan 
> the King of Tyre, Ezekiel was saying that Satan is the real ruler over Tyre.

Tammy, is this all explicitly stated in the bible, or do you assume
that you know that Ezekiel indirectly mentioned? It could have been
another metaphor, for instance Ezekiel was mad at his landlord, so he
talked about him when he wrote about the prince of Tyre.

Sorry, but my interpretation is more mundane, Ezekiel wrote about 
the prince of Tyre when we wrote about the prince of Tyre.
 
Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <kmr4.1696.735588167@po.CWRU.edu>, kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
> 
> [34mAnd now . . . [35mDeep Thoughts[0m
> 	[32mby Jack Handey.[0m
> 
> [36mIf you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and your
> friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be
> to pretend you were swimming.[0m

You fall if it opens, too.

Gravity:  it's not just a good idea; it's the law.

Dean Kaflowitz

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Religion As Cause  (Was: islamic authority over women)

Scott D. Sauyet (SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu) wrote:

: The same works for the horrors of history.  To claim that Christianity
: had little to do with the Crusades or the Inquisition is to deny the
: awesome power that comes from faith in an absolute.  What it seems you
: are doing twisting the reasonable statement that religion was never
: the solitary cause of any evil into the unreasonable statement that
: religion has had no evil impacts on history.  That is absurd.

Scott,

Until this paragraph I would willingly amend my earlier statements,
since your point(s) are well made and generally accurate. This last
part though slips into hyperbole. Since I've discussed my objections to
such generalizations before, I really don't feel I need to do it
again. If you haven't seen those posts, ask Maddi, she saves
everything I write.

Bill

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <116533@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> In article <1r2idi$6e1@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >So now you are saying that an Islamic Bank is something other than
|> >BCCI.
|> 
|> >Would you care to explain why it was that when I said  "I hope an 
|> >Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI", you called me a childish 
|> >propagandist.
|> 
|> Yes, sure, because the only obvious reason anyone would make the jump from
|> "BCCI" to "Islamic bank" is by associating Islamic banking with muslim 
|> ownership.

But in this case I said I hoped that BCCI was *not* an Islamic bank.

|> And the only reason one would generalize from a _given_
|> Islamic bank to _all_ Islamic banks is through a stereotype -- one
|> X is bad, therefore all X's are bad.

But in this case I said I hoped that BCCI was *not* an Islamic bank.

|> Next think you know there is a Bosnia on tap.

But in this case I said I hoped that BCCI was *not* an Islamic bank.

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <16BB9DBA8.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de>, I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
|> In article <1r79j3$ak2@fido.asd.sgi.com>
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|>  
|> (Deletion)
|> >So, Mr Conner.   Is Bobby Mozumder a myth, a performing artist,
|> >a real Moslem. a crackpot, a provocateur?    You know everything
|> >and read all minds: why don't you tell us?
|> >
|>  
|> As a side note: isn't it telling that one cannot say for sure if
|> Bobby Mozunder is a firm believer or a provocateur? What does
|> that say about religious beliefs?

I think that's an insightful comment.   Especially when at the
same time we have people like Bill "Projector" Conner complaining
that we are posting parodies.

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In article <C5ws1s.7ns@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
|> In <1r4ioh$44t@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) 
|> writes:
|> > |>In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
>|> Cobb) writes:
|> >|> 
|> >|> This doesn't seem right.  If I want to kill you, I can because that is 
|> what I
|> >|> decide?
|> 
|> >Sounds as though you are confused between "what I want" and "what
|> >I think is morally right".
|> 
|> >jon.
|> 
|> 
|> What do you mean?  Would your idea still apply if I said I think it is ok to 
|> kill you because that is what I decided?

What I mean is what I said.   "What I want" does not automatically
translate into "what I think is right."   That is, it does not 
translate that way for me.

If you reply that "I think it is ok to kill you because that is what 
I decided" then what that means is that for you "What I want" does
translate into "what I think is right".

It just doesn't translate that way for me.

jon.

From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Societal basis for morality

In article <1993Apr20.004119.6119@cnsvax.uwec.edu> nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye) writes:

You asked me to look over here, but I was on my way back anyway :-)

#[reply to cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)]
# 
#>If morals come from what is societally accepted, why follow that? What
#>right do we have to expect others to follow our notion of societally
#>mandated morality?  Pardon the extremism, but couldn't I murder your
#>"brother" and say that I was exercising my rights as I saw them, was
#>doing what felt good, didn't want anyone forcing their morality on me,
#>or I don't follow your "morality" ?
# 
#I believe that morality is subjective.  Each person is entitled to his
#own moral attitudes.  Mine are not a priori more correct than someone
#elses.  This does not mean however that I must judge another on the
#basis of his rather than my moral standards.  While he is entitled to
#believe what his own moral sense tells him, the rest of society is
#entitled to pass laws spelling out punishments for behavior that is
#offensive to the majority.

Why?  Your last statement.  Why?  By which authority?  

#Most criminals do not see their behavior as moral.  The may realize that
#it is immoral and not care.  They are thus not following their own moral
#system but being immoral.  For someone to lay claim to an alternative
#moral system, he must be sincere in his belief in it and it must be
#internally consistent.  

Why?  Your last statement.  Why are these things necessary?  

And believe me, a belief in terrorism can be both sincere and frighteningly
consistent.

#Some sociopaths lack an innate moral sense and
#thus may be incapable of behaving morally.  While someone like Hitler
#may have believed that his actions were moral, we may judge him immoral
#by our standards.  Holding that morality is subjective does not mean
#that we must excuse the murderer.

Trouble is, this would sound just fine coming from someone like Hitler, too.
(I do *not* mean any comparison or offence, David.)   Try substituting 
the social minority of your choice for 'sociopath', 'Hitler',  and
'murderer'.  No logical difference.  Someone like you, vs. someone like
Hitler. Zero sum.  

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

[reply to tgk@cs.toronto.edu (Todd Kelley)]
 
>In light of what happened in Waco, I need to get something of my chest.
 
>Faith and dogma are dangerous.
 
Agreed.
 
>A philosopher cannot be a Christian because a philosopher can change
>his mind, whereas a Christian cannot, due to the nature of faith and
>dogma present in any religion.
 
It is hard for me to understand, but quite a few professional scientists
and philosophers are theists.
 
>Sure, religion has many good qualities.  It encourages benevolence and
>philanthropy.
 
But also intolerance and superstition.  I'm not sure that in the balance
it is not detrimental.
 
>Wouldn't it be nice if everyone were a secular humanist?
 
Sure would!
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <116172@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
>> I'm not in a position to say, since I know nothing
>>  about the situation.  That does not, in my estimation, qualify me
>>  as having my head up my ass.
>
>
>Bob, I never accused you of having your head up your ass! It takes
>me quite some time in dealing with someone before accusing them of
>having their head up their ass. I was accusing the original poster
>(Benedikt, I believe) of being so impaired.
>
 
 
After insult, Gregg resorts to lies:
 
In article <115670@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
>>  Could you maybe flesh it out just a bit?  Or did I miss the full
>>  grandeur of it's content by virtue of my blinding atheism?
>
>You may be having difficulty seeing the light because you
>have your head up your ass. I suggest making sure this is
>not the case before posting again.
>
 
That's was the original answer. While it does not say that he has the head
necessarily up its ass, it would be meaningless and pointless if it was not
insinuated.
   Benedikt

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1r0fpv$p11@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>#      Point: Morals are, in essence, personal opinions. Usually
>#(ideally) well-founded, motivated such, but nonetheless personal. The
>#fact that a real large lot of people agree on some moral question,
>#sometimes even for the same reason, does not make morals objective; it
>#makes humans somewhat alike in their opinions on that moral question,
>#which can be good for the evolution of a social species.
>
>And if a "real large lot" (nice phrase) of people agree that there is a
>football on a desk, I'm supposed to see a logical difference between the two?
>Perhaps you can explain the difference to me, since you seem to see it
>so clearly.
>
(rest deleted)
 
That's a fallacy, and it is not the first time it is pointed out.
For one, you have never given a set of morals people agree upon. Unlike
a football. Further, you conveniently ignore here that there are
many who would not agree on tghe morality of something. The analogy
does not hold.
 
One can expect sufficiently many people to agree on its being a football,
while YOU have to give the evidence that only vanishing number disagrees
with a set of morals YOU have to give.
 
Further, the above is evidence, not proof. Proof would evolve out of testing
your theory of absolute morals against competing theories.
 
 
The above is one of the arguments you reiterate while you never answer
the objections. Evidence that you are a preacher.
   Benedikt

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <1r10jcINNt1g@lynx.unm.edu>
cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl) writes:
 
>> Correction: _hard_ atheism is a faith.
>
>Yes.
>
 
Can be a faith. Like weak atheism. We had that before.
   Benedikt

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Theism and Fanatism (was: Islamic Genocide)

In article <1r0sn0$3r@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
 
>|>#>#Theism is strongly correlated with irrational belief in absolutes. Irrational
>|>#>#belief in absolutes is strongly correlated with fanatism.
 
(deletion)
 
>|Theism is correlated with fanaticism. I have neither said that all fanatism
>|is caused by theism nor that all theism leads to fanatism. The point is,
>|theism increases the chance of becoming a fanatic. One could of course
>|argue that would be fanatics tend towards theism (for example), but I just
>|have to loook at the times in history when theism was the dominant ideology
>|to invalidate that conclusion that that is the basic mechanism behind it.
>
>IMO, the influence of Stalin, or for that matter, Ayn Rand, invalidates your
>assumption that theism is the factor to be considered.
 
Bogus. I just said that theism is not the only factor for fanatism.
The point is that theism is *a* factor.
 
 
>Gullibility,
>blind obedience to authority, lack of scepticism, and so on, are all more
>reliable indicators.  And the really dangerous people - the sources of
>fanaticism - are often none of these things.  They are cynical manipulators
>of the gullible, who know precisely what they are doing.
 
That's a claim you have to support. Please note that especially in the
field of theism, the leaders believe what they say.
 
 
>Now, *some*
>brands of theism, and more precisely *some* theists, do tend to fanaticism,
>I grant you.  To tar all theists with this brush is bigotry, not a reasoned
>argument - and it reads to me like a warm-up for censorship and restriction
>of religious freedom.  Ever read Animal Farm?
>
 
That's a straw man. And as usually in discussions with you one has to
repeat it: Read what I have written above: not every theism leads to
fanatism, and not all fanatism is caused by theism. The point is,
there is a correlation, and it comes from innate features of theism.
 
Gullibility, by the way, is one of them.
 
 
And to say that I am going to forbid religion is another of your straw
men. Interesting that you have nothing better to offer.
 
 
>|>(2)  Define "irrational belief".  e.g., is it rational to believe that
>|>     reason is always useful?
>|>
>|
>|Irrational belief is belief that is not based upon reason. The latter has
>|been discussed for a long time with Charley Wingate. One point is that
>|the beliefs violate reason often, and another that a process that does
>|not lend itself to rational analysis does not contain reliable information.
>
>Well, there is a glaring paradox here:  an argument that reason is useful
>based on reason would be circular, and argument not based on reason would
>be irrational.  Which is it?
>
 
That's bogus. Self reference is not circular. And since the evaluation of
usefulness is possible within rational systems, it is allowed.
 
Your argument is as silly as proving mathematical statements needs mathematics
and mathematics are therfore circular.
 
 
>The first part of the second statement contains no information, because
>you don't say what "the beliefs" are.  If "the beliefs" are strong theism
>and/or strong atheism, then your statement is not in general true.  The
>second part of your sentence is patently false - counterexample: an
>axiomatic datum does not lend itself to rational analysis, but is
>assumed to contain reliable information regardless of what process is
>used to obtain it.
>
 
I've been speaking of religious systems with contradictory definitions
of god here.
 
An axiomatic datum lends itself to rational analysis, what you say here
is a an often refuted fallacy. Have a look at the discussion of the
axiom of choice. And further, one can evaluate axioms in larger systems
out of which they are usually derived. "I exist" is derived, if you want
it that way.
 
Further, one can test the consistency and so on of a set of axioms.
 
what is it you are trying to say?
 
 
>|Compared the evidence theists have for their claims to the strength of
>|their demands makes the whole thing not only irrational but antirational.
>
>I can't agree with this until you are specific - *which* theism?  To
>say that all theism is necessarily antirational requires a proof which
>I suspect you do not have.
>
 
Using the traditonal definition of gods. Personal, supernatural entities
with objective effects on this world. Usually connected to morals and/or
the way the world works.
 
 
>|The affinity to fanatism is easily seen. It has to be true because I believe
>|it is nothing more than a work hypothesis. However, the beliefs say they are
>|more than a work hypothesis.
>
>I don't understand this.  Can you formalise your argument?
 
Person A believes system B becuase it sounds so nice. That does not make
B true, it is at best a work hypothesis. However, the content of B is that
it is true AND that it is more than a work hypothesis. Testing or evaluating
evidence for or against it  therefore dismissed because B (already believed)
says it is wronG/ a waste  of time/ not possible. Depending on the further
contents of B Amalekites/Idolaters/Protestants are to be killed, this can
have interesting effects.
 
Answer the question what the absolute set of morals is people agree on like
they would agree on a football being a football.
   Benedikt

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

In article <C5rACM.41q@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>
bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
 
>I can't recall anyone claiming that God -makes- anyone act a particlar
>way, I think that you're attempting to manufacture a contradiction.
 
A world creator god does, the moment it creates the world. And to sayi
that you can't recall *anyone* is even below your usual standard of
a"arguing".
 
My argument is based on quite usual theistic assumptions, namely god
is perfect, god is all-knowing god sets the rules. The rules don't
work for whatever reason. Because of its omniscience, the god has
known it. In advance.
 
(Deletion)
>To say that something defined contadictorily cannot exist, is really
>asking too much; you would have existence depend on grammar. All you
>can really say is that something is poorly defined, but that in itself
>is insufficient to decide anything (other than confusion of course).
>
 
It is not a question of grammar, it is a question of modelling. Has been
discussed in the wonderful time when you were not posting to this group.
When A is contradictorily defined A does not point to an instance in
reality. Unless there is more information in the definition of A that
allows me to find it somehow. However, when the contradictory attribute
is said to be essential, ie has not got that attribute => not the A I
am looking for, I can conclude that A does not exist.
 
 
>Your point that there are better reasons for the phenomenon of belief
>than the object of belief may lead to a rat's nest of unnecessary
>complexity. I think I know what you're implying, but I'd like to see
>your version of this better alternative just the same.
>
 
That's quite like: I predict coins falling
   Predicted            Happened
1.   Heads                 Tails
2.   Tails                 Tails
3.   Heads                 Tails
4.   Heads                 Tails
 
I take 2. and dismiss the rest because of the unnecessary complexity
the other evidence causes.
 
 
For an easy to understand explanation of why humans believe in gods
read "Manwatching" by Desmond Morris.
   Benedikt

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
> I don't regret the fact that sometimes military decisions have to be made
> which affect the lives of innocent people.  But I do regret the 
> circumstances which make those decisions necessary, and I regret the
> suffering caused by those decisions.  

"I'm afraid I'm going to have to kill you.  Don't worry, though; as a Loving
Christian, I guarantee that I will regret the fact that I have to kill
you, although I won't regret the actual killing."

>>> If we hadn't intervened, allowing Hussein to keep Kuwait, then it would
>>> have been appeasement.
>> 
>> Right.  But did you ever hear anyone advocate such a course of action?  Or
>> are you just setting up a strawman?
> 
> I'm not setting up a strawman at all.  If you want to argue against the
> war, then the only logical alternative was to allow Hussein to keep
> Kuwait.

False dichotomy.

> Diplomatic alternatives, including sanctions, were ineffective.

That's because they weren't even attempted.

>> But what about those who didn't support Hitler's dreams of conquest?  It's
>> not as if they democratically voted for all his policies.  The NSDAP got
>> 43 % in the elections of 1933, and that was the last chance the German 
>> people got to vote on the matter.
> 
> They suffered along with the rest.  Why does this bother you so much?

You want to know why it bothers me that thousands of innocent people were
maimed or killed by bombing at the end of WW2, when it was far from clear
that such bombing was necessary?

> The world is full of evil, and circumstances are not perfect.  Many
> innocents suffer due to the wrongful actions of others.  It it regretable,
> but that's The-Way-It-Is.

And why-is-it-that-way?  Who set things up to be that way?

>> this was happening before the Gulf War.  Why didn't we send in the bombers 
>> to East Timor?  Why aren't we sending in the bombers NOW?
> 
> Probably because we're not the saviors of the world.  We can't police each
> and every country that decides to self-destruct or invade another.

No, just the ones that have oil.  Or the ones that look like they might make
a success of Communism.

> Nor are we in a strategic position to get relief to Tibet, East Timor, or
> some other places.

I don't see that getting UN forces to East Timor is any harder than getting
them to Iraq.

>>            Tibetan people are rounded up, tortured, and executed.  Amnesty
>> International recently reported that torture is still widespread in China.
>> 
>> Why aren't we stopping them?  In fact, why are we actively sucking up to
>> them by trading freely with them?
> 
> Tell me how we could stop them and I'll support it.  I, for one, do not
> agree with the present US policy of "sucking up to them" as you put it.
> I agree that it is deplorable.

Fine.  Write to your Congressman and to President Clinton.  China's status as
"Most Favoured Nation" comes up for renewal in June.  Point out that the US
shouldn't be offering favourable trading terms to such a despicable regime.

I doubt anything will happen.  Clinton's keener on trade sanctions against
Europe.

[ Unbelievable comments about the Rodney King case deleted ]

> The media is not totally monolithic.  Even though there is a prevailing
> liberal bias, programs such as the MacNeil-Lehrer News Hour try to give
> a balanced and fair reporting of the news.  There are even conservative
> sources out there if you know where to look.  (Hurrah for Rush!)

Any idea how many kill files you just ended up in?

>> I, an atheist, am arguing against killing innocent people.
>> 
>> You, a supposed Christian, are arguing that it's OK to kill innocent people
>> so long as you get some guilty ones as well.
> 
> Hardly.  I didn't say that it's a Good Thing [tm] to kill innocent people
> if the end is just.  Unfortunately, we don't live in a perfect world and
> there are no perfect solutions.  If one is going to  resist tyranny, then
> innocent people on both sides are going to suffer and die.  I didn't say
> it is OK -- it is unfortunate, but sometimes necessary.

The ends justify the means, eh?

>> You, having criticised moral relativism in the past, are now arguing that I
>> am in no position to judge the morality of allied actions at the end of the
>> War.  
> 
> You certainly are not in such a position if you are a moral relativist.

The same tired old misunderstanding.  Moral relativism means that there is no
*objective* standard of morality.  It doesn't mean you can't judge other
people's morals.  Christ on a bike, how many times have we tried to hammer
that into your head?

>> Where's your Christian love?  Where's your absolute morality?  Oh, how 
>> quick you are to discard them when it suits you.  As Ivan Stang would say,
>> "Jesus would puke!"
> 
> One day I will stand before Jesus and give account of every word and action;
> even this discourse in this forum.  I understand the full ramifications of
> that, and I am prepared to do so.  I don't believe that you can make the
> same claim.

Obviously not, as I am an atheist.  I don't think you'd get on with Jesus,
though; he was a long-haired lunatic peace-nik, was he not?

> And BTW, the reason I brought up the blanket-bombing in Germany was
> because you were bemoaning the Iraqi civilian casualties as being 
> "so deplorable".  Yet blanket bombing was instituted because bombing
> wasn't accurate enough to hit industrial/military targets in a
> decisive way by any other method at that time.  But in the Gulf War,
> precision bombing was the norm.  So the point was, why make a big
> stink about the relatively few civilian casualties that resulted
> *in spite of* precision bombing, when so many more civilians
> (proportionately and quantitatively) died under the blanket bombing
> in WW2?

Right.  Unfortunately for you, it turned out that my opinions on the matter
were entirely consistent in that I condemned the bombing of Dresden too.

I think you're being a bit glib with your explanation of the blanket bombing
policy, too.  You make it sound as though we were aiming for military targets
and could only get them by destroying civilian buildings next door.  As I
understand it, that is not the case; we aimed deliberately at civilian
targets in order to cause massive damage and inspire terror amongst the
German people.

> civilians suffer.  But less civilians suffered in this war than
> any other iany other in history!

Oh, come on.  With wars like the Falklands fresh in people's minds, that sort
of propaganda isn't going to fool anyone.

>                                                       The stories
> of "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi civilian dead is just plain bunk.
> Yes, bunk.  The US lost 230,000 servicemen in WW2 over four years
> and the majority of them were directly involved in fighting!

Yes?  And what about the millions of casualties the Russians suffered?  It's
hardly surprising the US didn't lose many men in WW2, given that you turned
up late.


mathew

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Gulf War / Selling Arms

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
> Mathew, I agree.  This, it seems, is the crux of your whole position,
> isn't it?  That the US shouldn't have supported Hussein and sold him arms
> to fight Iran?  I agree.  And I agree in ruthlessly hunting down those
> who did or do.  But we *did* sell arms to Hussein, and it's a done deal.
> Now he invades Kuwait.  So do we just sit back and say, "Well, we sold
> him all those arms, I suppose he just wants to use them now.  Too bad
> for Kuwait."  No, unfortunately, sitting back and "letting things be"
> is not the way to correct a former mistake.  Destroying Hussein's
> military potential as we did was the right move.  But I agree with
> your statement, Reagan and Bush made a grave error in judgment to
> sell arms to Hussein.

But it's STILL HAPPENING.  That's the entire point.  Only last month, John
Major hailed it as a great victory that he had personally secured a sale of
arms to Saudi Arabia.  The same month, we sold jet fighters to the same
Indonesian government that's busy killing the East Timorese.

It's all very well to say "Oops, we made a boo-boo, better clean up the
mistake", but the US and UK *keep* making the *same* mistake.  They do it so
often that I can't believe it's not deliberate.  This suspicion is reinforced
by the fact that the mistake is an extremely profitable one for a decrepit
economy reliant on arms sales.

>                            So it's really not the Gulf War you abhor
> so much, it was the U.S.'s and the West's shortsightedness in selling
> arms to Hussein which ultimately made the war inevitable, right?

No, I thought both were terrible.


mathew

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Gulf War (was Re: Death Penalty was Re: Political Atheists?)

mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
> I looked back at this, and asked some questions of various people and
> got the following information which I had claimed and you pooh-poohed.
> The US has not sold Iraq any arms.

What about the land mines which have already been mentioned?

> other countries (like Kuwait).  Information is hard to prove.  You are
> claiming that the US sold information?  Prove it.  [...]  Information
> is hard to prove, almost certainly if the US did sell information, then that
> fact is classified, and you can't prove it.

Oh, very neat.  Dismiss everything I say unless I can prove beyond a shadow
of a doubt something which you yourself admit I can never prove to your
satisfaction.  Thanks, I'll stick to squaring circles.


mathew

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
> The problem with most peace-niks it they consider those of us who are
> not like them to be "bad" and "unconscionable".  I would not have any
> argument or problem with a peace-nik if they held to their ideals and
> stayed out of all conflicts or issues, especially those dealing with 
> the national defense.  But no, they are not willing to allow us to
> legitimately hold a different point-of-view.  They militate and 
> many times resort to violence all in the name of peace.

<Yawn>  Another right-wing WASP imagining he's an oppressed minority. 
Perhaps Camille Paglia is right after all.

"I would not have any argument or problem with a peace-nik if they [...]
stayed out of all conflicts or issues"?  I bet you wouldn't.  You'd love it. 

But what makes you think that sitting back, saying nothing about defense
issues, and letting people like you make all the decisions is anything to do
with "their ideals"?


mathew

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: STRONG & weak Atheism

acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery) writes:
> Did that FAQ ever got modified to re-define strong atheists as not those who
> assert the nonexistence of God, but as those who assert that they BELIEVE in 
> the nonexistence of God?

In a word, yes.


mathew

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?

perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:
> Anyway, since I seem to be the only one following this particular line
> of discussion, I wonder how many of the rest of the readership have
> read this book?  What are your thoughts on it?

I bought a copy of The Satanic Verses when there was talk of the British
Government banning it.  There's nothing interests me in a book more than
making it illegal.

However, it's still sitting on my shelf unread.  Perhaps I'll get round to it
soon.  I've still got a pile of Lem, Bulgakov and Zamyatin to go through; I
don't find nearly enough time to read.  In fact, there are far more
interesting things to do than I can ever find time for; how anyone ever
manages to be bored is beyond me.  If I didn't have to sleep, maybe I could
manage it.


mathew
-- 
Atheism: Anti-virus software for the mind.

From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr22.001442.27396@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:
>In article <116171@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) wrote:

>>I have already made the clear claim that
>> Khomeini advocates views which are in contradition with the Qur'an
>> and have given my arguments for this. This is something that can be
>> checked by anyone sufficiently interested. Khomeini, being dead,
>> really can't respond, but another poster who supports Khomeini has
>> responded with what is clearly obfuscationist sophistry. This should
>> be quite clear to atheists as they are less susceptible to religionist
>> modes of obfuscationism. 

>Don't mind my saying this but the best example of obfuscation is to
>condemn without having even your most basic facts straight. If you
>want some examples, go back and look at your previous posts, where
>you manage to get your facts wrong about the fatwa and Khomeini's 
>supposed infallibility.

Why shouldn't I mind? It sounds as if you are proceeding with just
the sort of obfuscation you have accused me of. I always preceeded
my statements with "it is my understanding that..." Now, I have made
my claim clear with regard to the issue of both the Twelve Imams and 
with Khomeini's supposed claim of infalibility. After hearing your
seemingly more knowledgable claim that Khomeini made no such claim
regarding himself, I have withdrawn that portion of my statement
regarding that claim. However, I have received _no_ such response
regarding the infallibility of the Twelve Imams. There is nothing
obfuscationist about my claims, which are always made clearly.
 
I have received no such clear response regarding the Twelve Imams
but rather abstruse references to unusual metaphysical natures and 
other such opaque "concepts" often used by people to camoflage the 
baselessness of their positions, particularly in matters of theology.
These are just the sorts of "concepts" used by Christian churches
the perverting of their religion. 

>As salaam a-laikum

Alaikum Wassalam,

Gregg



From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr21.171807.16785@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:

>In article <115694@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) wrote:

>> I think many reading this group would also benefit by knowing how
>> deviant the view _as I've articulated it above_ (which may not be
>> the true view of Khomeini) is from the basic principles of Islam. 
>> So that the non-muslim readers of this group will see how far from 
>> the simple basics of Islam such views are on the face of them. And 
>> if they are _not_ in contradiction with the basics of Islam, how 
>> subtle such issues are and how it seems sects exist in Islam while 
>> they are explicitly proscribed by the Qur'an.

>Discussing it here is fine by me. Shall we start a new thread called,
>say, "Infallibility in Islam" and move the discussion there?

I think this should be illuminating to all. Let me make a first
suggestion. When Arabic words, especially technical ones, become of use 
let us define them for those, especially atheists, to whom they may not be
terribly familiar. Please also note that though I did initially refer
to Khomeini as a heretic for what I understood to be a claim -- rejected 
by you since -- of personal infallibility, I withdraw this as a basis
for such a statement. I conditionally retain this reference in regard
to Khomeini's advocacy of the thesis of the infallibility of the 
so-called "Twelve Imams," which is in clear conflict with the Qur'an 
in that it places the Twelve Imams in a category of behavior and example
higher than that of the Muhammad, in that the Qur'an shows that the
Prophet was clearly fallible, as well as (it appears, given your
abstruse theological statment regarding the "natures"  of the Twelve
Imams) placing them in a different metaphysical category than the 
remainder of humanity, with the possible exception of Muhammad, 
something which verges on the sin of association.

>As salam a-laikum

Alaikum Wassalam,

Gregg


From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <16BB7B468.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
#In article <1r0fpv$p11@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
#frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
# 
#(Deletion)
#>#      Point: Morals are, in essence, personal opinions. Usually
#>#(ideally) well-founded, motivated such, but nonetheless personal. The
#>#fact that a real large lot of people agree on some moral question,
#>#sometimes even for the same reason, does not make morals objective; it
#>#makes humans somewhat alike in their opinions on that moral question,
#>#which can be good for the evolution of a social species.
#>
#>And if a "real large lot" (nice phrase) of people agree that there is a
#>football on a desk, I'm supposed to see a logical difference between the two?
#>Perhaps you can explain the difference to me, since you seem to see it
#>so clearly.
#>
#(rest deleted)
# 
#That's a fallacy, and it is not the first time it is pointed out.

It's not a fallacy - note the IF.   IF a supermajority of disinterested people 
agree on a fundamantal value (we're not doing ethics YET Benedikt), then what 
is the difference between that and those people agreeing on a trivial
observation?

#For one, you have never given a set of morals people agree upon. Unlike
#a football. Further, you conveniently ignore here that there are
#many who would not agree on tghe morality of something. The analogy
#does not hold.

I have, however, given an example of a VALUE people agree on, and explained
why.  People will agree that their freedom is valuable.  I have also
stated that such a value is a necessary condition for doing objective
ethics - the IF assertion above.  And that is what I'm talking about, there
isn't a point in talking about ethics if this can't be agreed.

#One can expect sufficiently many people to agree on its being a football,
#while YOU have to give the evidence that only vanishing number disagrees
#with a set of morals YOU have to give.

I'm not doing morals (ethics) if we can't get past values.  As I say,
the only cogent objection to my 'freedom' example is that maybe people
aren't talking about the same thing when they answer that it is valuable.
Maybe not, and I want to think about this some, especially the implications
of its being true.

#Further, the above is evidence, not proof. Proof would evolve out of testing
#your theory of absolute morals against competing theories.

Garbage.  That's not proof either.

#The above is one of the arguments you reiterate while you never answer
#the objections. Evidence that you are a preacher.

Name that fallacy.
-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: Studies on Book of Mormon

>>>>> On Tue, 20 Apr 93 21:12:55 GMT, cfairman@leland.Stanford.EDU (Carolyn Jean Fairman) said:
CJF> agrino@enkidu.mic.cl (Andres Grino Brandt) asks about Mormons.

CJF> Although I don't personally know about independent sudies, I do know
CJF> a few things.
CJF> He writes:

>There are some mention about events, places, or historical persons
>later discovered by archeologist?

CJF> One of the more amusing things in the BOM is a claim that a
CJF> civilization existed in North America, aroun where the mystical plates
CJF> were found.  Not only did it use steel and other metals, but it had
CJF> lots of wars (very OT).  No one has ever found any metal swords or
CJF> and traces of a civilization other than the Native Americans.

I was talking to the head of the archeology dept. once in college and
the topic of Mormon archeology came up.  It seems that the Mormon church
is (or was) big on giving grants to archeologists to prove that the
native Americans are really the lost tribe of Israel and other such
bunk.  The archeologists would shake their head knowingly while listening
to them, take the grant, and go off to do real archeology anyway.

--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Science and theories

As per various threads on science and creationism, I've started dabbling into a
book called Christianity and the Nature of Science by JP Moreland.  A question
that I had come from one of his comments.  He stated that God is not 
necessarily a religious term, but could be used as other scientific terms that
give explanation for events or theories, without being a proven scientific 
fact.  I think I got his point -- I can quote the section if I'm being vague. 
The examples he gave were quarks and continental plates.  Are there 
explanations of science or parts of theories that are not measurable in and of
themselves, or can everything be quantified, measured, tested, etc.?  

MAC
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton

From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: Age of Reason Was: Who has read Rushdie's

>>>>> On Wed, 21 Apr 1993 06:38:30 GMT, sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) said:
KS> This is the story of Kent, the archetype Finn, that lives in the 
KS> Bay Area, and tried to purchase Thomas Paine's "Age of Reason". This
KS> man was driving around, to Staceys, to Books Inc, to "Well, Cleanlighted
KS> Place", to Daltons, to various other places.

KS> When he asked for this book, the well educated American book store
KS> assistants in most placed asked him to check out the thriller section,
KS> or then they said that his book has not been published yet, but they
KS> should receive the book soon. In some places the assistants bluntly
KS> said that they don't know of such an author, or that he is not 
KS> a well known living author, so they don't keep copies of his books.

KS> Such is the life and times of America, 200+ years after the revolution.

Sigh, now I don't feel so bad.  Searching for a copy in bookstores has
been a habit of mine for at least two years now.  I spend a *lot* of 
time browsing through bookstores, new and and used, and I've not once
seen a copy.  Now, I know, all I do is pick up a phone and order the
darned thing, but come on, this is America and he's one of the founding
fathers.  And no one carries his books?  Sure, you can find "Common
Sense" but I think that's because it's required reading for most
colleges.  

I did find one hole-in-the-wall bookstore where the owner said that they 
usually carry one or two copies, but that they were currently out. I haven't
been back since so I don't know if he was telling the truth or not.

sigh...


--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

From: csfed@uxa.ecn.bgu.edu (Frank Doss)
Subject: Re: Science and theories

In article <C5u7Bq.J43@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:

>The examples he gave were quarks and continental plates.  Are there 

Sounds like more of the same.  Gods were used to describe almost
everything in the past.  As we come to understand the underpinnings of
more and more, the less we credit to a god.  Now, the not-so-well
understood elements (at least by the author) includes quarks and tectonic
drift.  I guess that's better than describing the perceived patterns of
stars in the sky as heroes being immortalized by the gods.

Kinda sounds like old-earth creation--It seems that life did, indeed, evolve
from a common ancestor.  What caused that initial common ancestor?

Are we going to hear another debate on causeless events? ;-)

>explanations of science or parts of theories that are not measurable in and of
>themselves, or can everything be quantified, measured, tested, etc.?  
>
>MAC
>                                                    Michael A. Cobb

-- 
Frank Doss 
The above stated words are my opinions and do not reflect the opinions,
attitudes, or policies of my employer or any affilliated organizations.


From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Theism and Fanatism (was: Islamic Genocide)

In article <16BB8D25C.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
#In article <1r3tqo$ook@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
#frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
# 
#>#>|>#>#Theism is strongly correlated with irrational belief in absolutes. Irrational
#>#>|>#>#belief in absolutes is strongly correlated with fanatism.
#>#
#>#(deletion)
#>#
#>#>|Theism is correlated with fanaticism. I have neither said that all fanatism
#>#>|is caused by theism nor that all theism leads to fanatism. The point is,
#>#>|theism increases the chance of becoming a fanatic. One could of course
#>#>|argue that would be fanatics tend towards theism (for example), but I just
#>#>|have to loook at the times in history when theism was the dominant ideology
#>#>|to invalidate that conclusion that that is the basic mechanism behind it.
#>#>
#>#>IMO, the influence of Stalin, or for that matter, Ayn Rand, invalidates your
#>#>assumption that theism is the factor to be considered.
#>#
#>#Bogus. I just said that theism is not the only factor for fanatism.
#>#The point is that theism is *a* factor.
#>
#>That's your claim; now back it up.  I consider your argument as useful
#>as the following:  Belief is strongly correlated with fanaticism.  Therefore
#>belief is *a* factor in fanaticism.  True, and utterly useless.  (Note, this
#>is *any* belief, not belief in Gods)
#>
# 
#Tiring to say the least. I have backed it up, read the first statement.

I have read it.  Conspicuous by its absence is any evidence or point.

# 
#The latter is the fallacy of the wrong analogy. Saying someone believes
#something is hardly an information about the person at all. Saying someone
#is a theist holds much more information. Further, the correlation between
#theists and fanatism is higher than that between belief at all and fanatism
#because of the special features of theistic belief.

Truth by blatant assertion.  Evidence?
# 
# 
#>#>Gullibility,
#>#>blind obedience to authority, lack of scepticism, and so on, are all more
#>#>reliable indicators.  And the really dangerous people - the sources of
#>#>fanaticism - are often none of these things.  They are cynical manipulators
#>#>of the gullible, who know precisely what they are doing.
#>#
#>#That's a claim you have to support. Please note that especially in the
#>#field of theism, the leaders believe what they say.
#>
#>If you believe that, you're incredibly naive.
#>
# 
#You, Frank O'Dwyer, are living in a dream world. I wonder if there is any
#base of discussion left after such a statement. As a matter of fact, I think
#you are ignorant of human nature. Even when one starts with something one does
#not believe, one gets easily fooled into actually believing what one says.
# 
#To give you the benefit of the doubt, prove your statement.

The onus of proof is on you, sunshine.  What makes you think that
theist leaders believe what they say?  Especially when they say
one thing and do another, or say one thing closely followed by its
opposite?  The practice is not restricted to theism, but it's there
for anyone to see.  It's almost an epidemic in this country.

Just for instance, if it is harder for a camel to pass thru' the eye
of a needle, why is the Catholic church such a wealthy land-owner?  Why
are there churches to the square inch in my country?
# 
#>#>Now, *some*
#>#>brands of theism, and more precisely *some* theists, do tend to fanaticism,
#>#>I grant you.  To tar all theists with this brush is bigotry, not a reasoned
#>#>argument - and it reads to me like a warm-up for censorship and restriction
#>#>of religious freedom.  Ever read Animal Farm?
#>#>
#>#That's a straw man. And as usually in discussions with you one has to
#>#repeat it: Read what I have written above: not every theism leads to
#>#fanatism, and not all fanatism is caused by theism. The point is,
#>#there is a correlation, and it comes from innate features of theism.
#>
#>No, some of it comes from features which *some* theism has in common
#>with *some* fanaticism.    Your last statement simply isn't implied by
#>what you say before, because you're trying to sneak in "innate features
#>of [all] theism".  The word you're groping for is "some".
#>
# 
#Bogus again. Not all theism as is is fanatic. However, the rest already
#gives backup for the statement about the correlation about fanatism and
#theism. And further, the specialty of other theistic beliefs allows them
#to switch to fanatism easily. It takes just a nifty improvement in the
#theology.

Truth by blatant assertion.  
# 
# 
#>#Gullibility, by the way, is one of them.
#>
#>No shit, Sherlock.  So why not talk about gullibility instead of theism,
#>since it seems a whole lot more relevant to the case you have, as opposed
#>to the case you are trying to make?
#>
# 
#Because there is more about theism that the attraction to gullible people
#causing the correlation. And the whole discussion started that way by the
#statement that theism is meaningfully correlated to fanatism, which you
#challenged.

Indeed I did.  As I recall, I asked for evidence.  What is the correlation
of which you speak?  
# 
# 
#>#And to say that I am going to forbid religion is another of your straw
#>#men. Interesting that you have nothing better to offer.
#>
#>I said it reads like a warm up to that.  That's because it's an irrational
#>and bogus tirade, and has no other use than creating a nice Them/Us
#>split in the minds of excitable people such as are to be found on either
#>side of church walls.
#>
# 
#Blah blah blah. I am quite well aware that giving everyone their rights
#protects me better from fanatics than the other way round.

Of course, other people are always fanatics, never oneself.  Your
wish to slur all theists seems pretty fanatical to me.
# 
#It is quite nice to see that you are actually implying a connection between
#that argument and the rise of fanatism. So far, it is just another of your
#assertions.

So?  You can do it.
# 
# 
#>#>|>(2)  Define "irrational belief".  e.g., is it rational to believe that
#>#>|>     reason is always useful?
#>#>|>
#>#>|
#>#>|Irrational belief is belief that is not based upon reason. The latter has
#>#>|been discussed for a long time with Charley Wingate. One point is that
#>#>|the beliefs violate reason often, and another that a process that does
#>#>|not lend itself to rational analysis does not contain reliable information.
#>#>
#>#>Well, there is a glaring paradox here:  an argument that reason is useful
#>#>based on reason would be circular, and argument not based on reason would
#>#>be irrational.  Which is it?
#>#>
#>#That's bogus. Self reference is not circular. And since the evaluation of
#>#usefulness is possible within rational systems, it is allowed.
#>
#>O.K., it's oval.  It's still begging the question, however.  And though
#>that certainly is allowed, it's not rational.  And you claiming to be
#>rational and all.
#>
# 
#Another of your assertions. No proof, no evidence, just claims.

Hey - I learned it from you. Did I do good?
# 
# 
#>At the risk of repeating myself, and hearing "we had that before" [we
#>didn't hear a _refutation_ before, so we're back.   Deal with it] :
#>you can't use reason to demonstrate that reason is useful.  Someone
#>who thinks reason is crap won't buy it, you see.
#>
# 
#That is unusually weak even for you. The latter implies that my proof
#depends on their opinion. Somehow who does not accept that there are
#triangles won't accept Pythagoras. Wow, that's an incredible insight.
#I don't have to prove them wrong in their opinion. It is possible to
#show that their systems leave out useful information respectively claims
#unreliable or even absurd statements to be information.

Totally circular, and totally useless.
# 
#Their wish to believe makes them believe. Things are judges by their appeal,
#and not by their information. It makes you feel good when you believe that
#may be good for them, but it contains zillions of possible pitfalls. From
#belief despite contrary evidence to the bogus proofs they attempt.

Truth by blatant assertion.  I've seen as many bogus proofs of the 
non-existence of gods as I have of their existence.

# 
#Rational systems, by the way, does not mean that every data has to come from
#logical analysis, the point is that the evaluation of the data does not
#contradict logic. It easily follows that such a system does not allows to
#evaluate if its rational in itself. Yes, it is possible to evaluate that
#it is rational in a system that is not rational by the fallacies of that
#system, but since the validity of the axioms is agreed upon, that has as
#little impact as the possibility of a demon ala Descartes.

This just doesn't parse, sorry.
# 
#So far it just a matter of consistency. I use ratiional arguments to show
#that my system is consistent or that theirs isn't. The evaluation of the

Nor this.
#predictions does not need rationality. It does not contradict, however.
# 
# 
#>#Your argument is as silly as proving mathematical statements needs mathematics
#>#and mathematics are therfore circular.
#>
#>Anybody else think Godel was silly?
#>
# 
#Stream of consciousness typing? What is that supposed to mean?
# 
# 
#>#>The first part of the second statement contains no information, because
#>#>you don't say what "the beliefs" are.  If "the beliefs" are strong theism
#>#>and/or strong atheism, then your statement is not in general true.  The
#>#>second part of your sentence is patently false - counterexample: an
#>#>axiomatic datum does not lend itself to rational analysis, but is
#>#>assumed to contain reliable information regardless of what process is
#>#>used to obtain it.
#>#>
#>#
#>#I've been speaking of religious systems with contradictory definitions
#>#of god here.
#>#
#>#An axiomatic datum lends itself to rational analysis, what you say here
#>#is a an often refuted fallacy. Have a look at the discussion of the
#>#axiom of choice. And further, one can evaluate axioms in larger systems
#>#out of which they are usually derived. "I exist" is derived, if you want
#>#it that way.
#>#
#>#Further, one can test the consistency and so on of a set of axioms.
#>#
#>#what is it you are trying to say?
#>
#>That at some point, people always wind up saying "this datum is reliable"
#>for no particular reason at all.  Example: "I am not dreaming".
#>
# 
#Nope. There is evidence for it. The trick is that the choice of an axiomatic
#basis of a system is difficult, because the possibilities are interwoven.
#One therefore chooses that with the least assumptions or with assumptions
#that are necessary to get information out of the system anyway.

I'd like to see this alleged evidence.
# 
#One does not need to define axioms in order to define an evaluation method
#for usefulness, the foundation is laid by how one feels at all (that's not
#how one feels about it).

I see.  You have no irrational beliefs.  But then, fanatics never do, do
they?

# 
#>#>|Compared the evidence theists have for their claims to the strength of
#>#>|their demands makes the whole thing not only irrational but antirational.
#>#>
#>#>I can't agree with this until you are specific - *which* theism?  To
#>#>say that all theism is necessarily antirational requires a proof which
#>#>I suspect you do not have.
#>#>
#>#
#>#Using the traditonal definition of gods. Personal, supernatural entities
#>#with objective effects on this world. Usually connected to morals and/or
#>#the way the world works.
#>
#>IMO, any belief about such gods is necessarily irrational.  That does
#>not mean that people who hold them are in principle opposed to the exercise of
#>intelligence.  Some atheists are also scientists, for example.
#>
# 
#They don't use theism when doing science. Or it wouldn't be science. Please
#note that subjective data lend themselves to a scientific treatment as well.
#They just prohibit formulating them as objective statements.

Ergo, nothing is objective.  Fair enough.
# 
# 
#>#>|The affinity to fanatism is easily seen. It has to be true because I believe
#>#>|it is nothing more than a work hypothesis. However, the beliefs say they are
#>#>|more than a work hypothesis.
#>#>
#>#>I don't understand this.  Can you formalise your argument?
#>#
#>#Person A believes system B becuase it sounds so nice. That does not make
#>#B true, it is at best a work hypothesis. However, the content of B is that
#>#it is true AND that it is more than a work hypothesis. Testing or evaluating
#>#evidence for or against it  therefore dismissed because B (already believed)
#>#says it is wronG/ a waste  of time/ not possible. Depending on the further
#>#contents of B Amalekites/Idolaters/Protestants are to be killed, this can
#>#have interesting effects.
#>
#>Peculiar definition of interesting, but sure.  Now show that a belief
#>in gods entails the further contents of which you speak.   Why aren't my
#>catholic neighbours out killing the protestants, for example?   Maybe they
#>don't believe in it.  Maybe it's the conjunction of "B asserts B" and
#>"jail/kill dissenters" that is important, and the belief in gods is
#>entirely irrelevant.  It certainly seems so to me, but then I have no
#>axe to grind here.
#>
# 
#The example with your neighbours is a fallacy. That *your* neighbours don't
#says little about others. And there were times when exactly that happened.

Nope, it's not a fallacy.   It just doesn't go to the correlation you
wish to see.
# 
#And tell me, when it is not irrelevant, why are such statements about
#Amalekites and Idolaters in the Holy Books? Please note that one could
#edit them out when they are not relevant anymore. Because gods don't err?
#What does that say about that message?

Excuse me - THE Holy Books?
# 
#And how come we had theists saying genocides ordered by god are ok. A god
#is the easiest way to excuse anything, and therefore highly attracting to
#fanatics. Not to mention the effect interpretation by these fanatics can
#have on the rest of the believers. Happens again and again and again.

A god is neither the easiest way to excuse anything, nor the only way.


-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1993Apr20.191048.6139@cnsvax.uwec.edu> nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye) writes:
#[reply to frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)]
# 
#>>The problem for the objectivist is to determine the status of moral
#>>truths and the method by which they can be established.  If we accept
#>>that such judgements are not reports of what is but only relate to
#>>what ought to be (see naturalistic fallacy) then they cannot be proved
#>>by any facts about the nature of the world.
# 
#>This can be avoided in at least two ways: (1) By leaving the Good
#>undefined, since anyone who claims that they do not know what it is is
#>either lying or so out of touch with humanity as to be undeserving of a
#>reply.
# 
#If the Good is undefined (undefinable?) but you require of everyone that
#they know innately what is right, you are back to subjectivism.

No, and begging the question.  see below.

#>(2) By defining the Good solely in terms of evaluative terms.
# 
#Ditto here.  An evaluative statement implies a value judgement on the
#part of the person making it.

Again, incorrect, and question-begging.  See below.
#
#>>At this point the objectivist may talk of 'self-evident truths'
# 
#Pretty perceptive, that Prof. Flew.
# 
#>>but can he deny the subjectivist's claim that self-evidence is in the
#>>mind of the beholder?
# 
#>Of course; by denying that subject/object is true dichotomy.
# 
#Please explain how this helps.  I don't see your argument.

I don't see yours.  It seems to rest on the assertion that everything
is either a subject or an object.  There's nothing compelling about that
dichotomy.  I might just as well divide the world into subject,object,
event.  It even seems more sensible.  Causation, for example, is
an event, not a subject or an object.  

Furthermore, if subject/object were true dichotomy, i.e.

	Everything is either a subject or an object

Then, is that statement a self-evident truth or not?  If so, then it's 
all in the mind of the beholder, according to the relativist, and hardly 
compelling.  Add to that the fact that the world can quickly be shoved
in its entirety into the "subjective" category by an idealist or 
solipsist argument, and that we have this perfectly good alternate
set of categories (subject, object, event) [which can be reduced
to (subject, object, quality) without any logical difficulty] and why
yes, I guess I *am* denying that self-evident truths are all in the mind of 
the beholder.

#>>If not, what is left of the claim that some moral judgements are true?

All of it.

#>If nothing, then NO moral judgements are true.  This is a thing that
#>is commonly referred to as nihilism.  It entails that science is of
#>no value, irrepective of the fact that some people find it useful.  How
#>anyone arrives at relativism/subjectivism from this argument beats me.
# 
#This makes no sense either.  Flew is arguing that this is where the
#objectivist winds up, not the subjectivist.  Furthermore, the nihilists
#believed in nothing *except* science, materialism, revolution, and the
#People.

I'm referring to ethical nihilism

#>>The subjectivist may well feel that all that remains is that there are
#>>some moral judgements with which he would wish to associate himself.
#>>To hold a moral opinion is, he suggests, not to know something to be
#>>true but to have preferences regarding human activity."
# 
#>And if those preferences should include terrorism, that moral opinion
#>is not true.  Likewise, if the preferences should include noTerrorism,
#>that moral opinion is not true.  Why should one choose a set of
#>preferences which include terrorisim over one which includes
#>noTerrorism?  Oh, no reason.  This is patently absurd....
# 
#And also not the position of the subjectivist, as has been pointed out
#to you already by others.  Ditch the strawman, already, and see my reply
#to Mike Cobb's root message in the thread Societal Basis for Morality.

I've responded over there.  BTW - I don't intend this as a strawman, but
as something logically entailed by relativism (really any ethical system
where values are assumed to be unreal).  It's different to say "Relativists
say..." than "relativism implies...".

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <735295730.25282@minster.york.ac.uk>, cjhs@minster.york.ac.uk writes:
|> : Are you saying that their was a physical Adam and Eve, and that all
|> : humans are direct decendents of only these two human beings.?  Then who
|> : were Cain and Able's wives?  Couldn't be their sisters, because A&E
|> : didn't have daughters.  Were they non-humans?
|> 
|> Genesis 5:4
|> 
|> and the days of Adam after he begat Seth were eight hundred years, and
|> he begat sons and daughters:
|> 
|> Felicitations -- Chris Ho-Stuart

Yeah, but these were not the wives.  The wives came from Nod, apparently
a land being developed by another set of gods.

Brian /-|-\

From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: Room for Metaphor?

I can (and do) take religious writings as a metaphor for life.
I do this with all sorts of fiction, from Beowolf to Deep Space Nine.
The idea is to not limit yourself to one book, screen out the good 
stuff from what you read, and to remember that it is all just a story.  
You sound Buddist to me :^)

Brian /-|-\

From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: The Universe and Black Holes, was Re: 2000 years.....

In article <1993Apr22.162239@IASTATE.EDU>, kv07@IASTATE.EDU (Warren
Vonroeschlaub) wrote:
> 
> In article <1r5hj0INN14c@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan
> Schneider) writes:
> >Well, suppose a probe emitting radiation at a constant frequency was
> >sent towards a black hole.  As it got closer to the event horizon, the
> >red shift would keep increasing.  The period would get longer and longer,
> >but it would never stop.  An observer would not observe the probe actually
> >reaching the event horizon.  The detected energy from the probe would keep
> >decreasing, but it wouldn't vanish.  Exp(-t) never quite reaches zero.
> 
>   That's kind of what I meant.  To be more precise, given any observer, in any
> single position outside the event horizon, would that observer ever in any way,
> be able to detect the probe having crossed the event horizon?

Yes, unless the observer is at rest with respect to the singularity at
infinite distance away. But an observer on a close approach to the BH will
see the particle go in in finite time.

Peter

Don't forget to sing:
            They say there's a heaven for those who will wait
                Some say it's better, but I say it ain't
        I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
                     The sinners are much more fun
                         Only the good die young!

From: schnitzi@eustis.cs.ucf.edu (Mark Schnitzius)
Subject: Re: Asimov stamp

battin@cyclops.iucf.indiana.edu (Laurence Gene Battin) writes:

>Apart from the suggestion that appeared in the letters column of
>Skeptical Inquirer recently, has there been any further mention
>about a possible Asimov commemorative stamp?  If this idea hasn't
>been followed up, does anyone know what needs to be done to get
>this to happen?  I think that its a great idea.  Should we start a
>petition or something?

I'm sure all the religious types would get in a snit due
to Asimov's atheism.

Do we have any atheists on stamps now?


Mark Schnitzius
schnitzi@eola.cs.ucf.edu
University of Central Florida

From: praetzel@sunee.uwaterloo.ca (Eric Praetzel)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <timmbake.735196560@mcl> timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
>
>Nah.  I will encourage people to learn about atheism to see how little atheists
>have up their sleeves.  Whatever I might have suspected is actually quite

Riddle me this.  If a god(s) exist why on earth should we grovel?  Why on earth
should we give a damm at all?  What evidence do you have that if such a
creature(s) exist it deserves anything beyond mild admiration or sheer
hatred for what it/they have done in the past (whichever god(s) you care to
pick).  That is assuming any records of their actions are correct.

Religon offers a bliss bubble of self contained reality which is seperate
from the physical world.  Any belief system can leave you in such a state
and so can drugs.  God(s) are not a requirement.  Only if you remove such
useless tappestry can you build a set of morals to build a society upon.
It is that or keep on exterminating those who don't believe (or converting
them).
  - Eric

NEW VIRUSES:

RIGHT TO LIFE VIRUS:  Won't allow you to delete a file, regardless of
how old it is.  If you attempt to erase a file, it requires you to first
see a counselor about possible alternatives.


From: eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (A.Wainwright)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <C5rEKJ.49y@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
|> James Felder (spbach@lerc.nasa.gov) wrote:
|> 
|> : Logic alert -  argument from incredulity.  Just because it is hard for you 
|> : to believe this doesn't mean that it isn't true.  Liars can be very pursuasive
|> : just look at Koresh that you yourself cite.
|> 
|> This is whole basis of a great many here rejecting the Christian
|> account of things. In the words of St. Madalyn Murrey-O'Hair, "Face it
|> folks, it's just silly ...". Why is it okay to disbelieve because of
|> your incredulity if you admit that it's a fallacy?
|> 
|> Bill

I suppose for the same reason that you do not believe in all the gods.  Why
should any be any different?  I use the same arguments to dismiss Koresh
as I do god.  Tell me, then, why do you not believe that Koresh is the son
of god?  By logic it is equally possible that Koresh is Jesus reborn. 



-- 
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
|  Adda Wainwright        |    Does dim atal y llanw!         8o)         |
|  eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk |   8o)        Mae .sig 'ma ar werth!           |
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+


From: eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (A.Wainwright)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

In article <C5rLyz.4Mt@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
|> This is fascinating. Atheists argue for abortion,

Prove it.  I am an atheist.  It doesn't mean I am for or against abortion.

|> defend homosexuality
|> as a means of population control, 

An obvious effect of homosexuality is non-procreation.  That, unlike your
statement, is a fact.  Please prove that (a) homosexuality is defended as 
means of population control, (b) being atheist causes you to hold these
beliefs.  I defend homosexuality because (a) what people do with their
bodies is none of my business (b) I defend the equal rights of
all humans.  Do you?

|> insist that the only values are
|> biological 

Define values. Prove your statement.

|> something is contardictory, it cannot exist, which in
|> this case means atheists I suppose.

Prove your statement.  Electrons are waves.  Electrons are particles.  I 
believe in both.  I have physical proof of both.  I have no proof of god(tm)
only an ancient book.  That is not indicative of the existence of a being
with omnipotence or omnipresence.  And, by your own argument, christians
don't exist.


|> I would like to understand how an atheist can object to war (an
|> excellent means of controlling population growth), or to capital
|> punishment, I'm sorry but the logic escapes me.
|> And why just capital punishment, what is being questioned here, the
|> propriety of killing or of punishment? What is the basis of the
|> ecomplaint?
|> 

First of all, your earlier statements have absolutely nothing to do
with your question.  Why did you post them?  To show that athiests,
besides not existing (your view), are more humane than christians/other
religions?


Secondly I am very much for the control of population growth.

The logic that you cannot grasp indicates ignorance of contraception.
But of course, this is 'outlawed' (sometimes literally) by religion
since if it can't create more followers, it will die.

I
|> Bill
|> 

-- 
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
|  Adda Wainwright        |    Does dim atal y llanw!         8o)         |
|  eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk |   8o)        Mae .sig 'ma ar werth!           |
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+


From: <SMM125@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

jsn104 is jeremy scott noonan

From: willdb@wam.umd.edu (William David Battles)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <1993Apr16.223250.15242@ncsu.edu> aiken@news.ncsu.edu (Wayne NMI Aiken) writes:
>JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu wrote:
>: YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
>: PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>
>Did someone leave their terminal unattended again?
>
>--
>
>Holy Temple of Mass  $   >>> slack@ncsu.edu <<<    $  "My used underwear
>   Consumption!      $                             $   is legal tender in
>PO Box 30904         $     BBS: (919) 782-3095     $   28 countries!"
>Raleigh, NC  27622   $  Warning: I hoard pennies.  $     --"Bob"

Probably not! The jesus freak's post is probably JSN104@PSUVM. Penn State
is just loaded to the hilt with bible bangers. I use to go there *vomit* and
it was the reason I left. They even had a group try to stop playing 
rock music in the dining halls one year cuz they deemed it satanic. Kampus
Krusade for Khrist people run the damn place for the most part....except
the Liberal Arts departments...they are the safe havens.
-wdb

v
rock music in the dining
t


From: bakerlj@augustana.edu (LLOYD BAKER)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <735424748.AA00437@therose.pdx.com> Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen) writes:
>From: Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen)
>Subject: some thoughts.
>Date: Wed, 21 Apr 1993 03:25:06 -0800
>
>rh> From: house@helios.usq.EDU.AU (ron house)
>rh> Newsgroups: alt.atheism
>rh> Organization: University of Southern Queensland
>
>rh> bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:
>
>>	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
>
>rh> I _know_ I shouldn't get involved, but...   :-)
>
>rh> [bit deleted]
>
>>	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.
>[rest of rant deleted]
>
>This is a standard argument for fundies.  Can you spot the falicy? The
>statement is arguing from the assumption that Jesus actually existed.  So far,
>they have not been able to offer real proof of that 
existance.  


***************************************************************************
	I just thought it necessary to help defend the point that Jesus 
existed.  Guys: Jesus existed.  If he didnt, then you have to say that 
Socrates didnt exist cuz he, like Jesus, has nothing from his hands that 
have survived.  Only Plato and others record his existance.  Many others 
record Jesus' existance, including the Babylonian Talmud.  Sorry guys, the 
argument that Jesus may not have existed is a dead point now.  He did.  
Whether he was God or whether there is a God is a completely different 
story, however. 
*****************************************************************************


Most of them
>try it using the (very) flawed writings of Josh McDowell and others to prove
>it, but those writers use VERY flawed sources.  (If they are real sources at
>all, some are not.)  When will they ever learn to do real research, instead of
>believing the drivel sold in the Christian bookstores.
>
>rh> Righto, DAN, try this one with your Cornflakes...
>
>rh> The book says that Muhammad was either a liar, or he was
>rh> crazy ( a  modern day Mad Mahdi) or he was actually who he
>rh> said he was. Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as
>rh> follows.  Who would  die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able
>rh> to tell if he was a liar?  People  gathered around him and
>rh> kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing  how his
>rh> son-in-law made the sun stand still.  Call me a fool, but I
>rh> believe  he did make the sun stand still.  
>rh> Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation
>rh> be drawn  to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact
>rh> rediculous.  For example  anyone who is drawn to the Mad
>rh> Mahdi is obviously a fool, logical people see  this right
>rh> away.
>rh> Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have
>rh> been the  real thing.  
>
>Nice rebutal!
>
>                   Alan
>

From: kax@cs.nott.ac.uk (Kevin Anthoney)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>
>The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
>But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
>you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
>love you. ...

There's a difference between believing in the existence of an entity,
and loving that entity. God _could_ show me directly that he exists,
and I'd still have a free choice about whether to love him or not. So
why doesn't he?
-- 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kevin Anthoney                                         kax@cs.nott.ac.uk
            Don't believe anything you read in .sig files.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

[to Benedikt Roseneau ]

#In article <1qv6at$fb4@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
#frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
# 
#>#The information of that is invariant under your child being a son or
#>#a daughter and singing about Santa Claus. Wasn't your argument that
#>#"there has to be more"?
#>More than what?
#More than we assume.

Which is what, exactly?

#>(a) Most of the people I debate disagree with my premises.  Hardly debate
#>    otherwise.
# 
#Your favorite point that we sense so it hs to be there has been challenged
#more than once. When I did it, you said, "good question", and did not
#address it.

I've addressed "it" (your caricature is not my "favourite point", needless
to say) at length in a previous outing, and am currently discussing it with 
Eric Rescorla.  

#>(b) There's little point in responding the same points everywhere; I do
#>    my best to give everyone the courtesy of a reply.
# 
#You still repeat that point.

I do? Curious, since I believe that was the first time I've ever made it.
Not that repetition would imply much more than your seeming inability
to understand; you ask me the same question, I'll give you the same
answer, especially when in this case, I know the answer to be true.  I
do my best to give everyone the courtesy of a reply, but if everyone is
making the same points, and I'm pushed for time, then I try to respond what I 
believe are the strongest formulations of those points.  If that doesn't
include your post, tough; this is USENET, and life is tough all over.

#>(c) Since there's a great deal of responses this isn't always feasible;  I
#>    do my best to honestly answer questions put to me.
# 
#You drop out of debates with some posters and continue with others. You appear
#with the same issue every n months, and start the dicussion at the beginning
#again.

I've only debated this issue twice in a.a, and occasionally in t.a.  The
first was in response to Simon Clippingdale's positive assertion that
disagreement about moral values inexorably acknowledges that morals
are relative.  It doesn't.   Now, Simon has dropped out of the debate
for some time; I take that to mean that he is either busy, or bored
with the topic.  I certainly do not accuse him of dishonesty.  Do you? 

#>(d) I can't always understand what you say
# 
#Neither can't I understand you all the time. Usually, one asks what the other
#side means.

Usually, one does.  Usually you're clear, but sometimes you aren't 
and I ask you what you mean; other times you seem to get extremely uptight 
and I feel that I'm debating against line noise.  Sometimes I get tired, and 
sometimes I have other things I'd rather do.  Again, this is USENET, and
life is tough all over.  You're going to have to deal with it.

#>(e) You're starting to get personally insulting; I may not even put your name
#>    in the hat in future.
#
#That's supposed to be a threat?

No, that's a simple statement, and an assertion that I am not answerable
to those who offer me baseless insults.  For example, those who accuse me 
of lying about my personal beliefs, while also complaining that I don't answer
their questions.  

#>#Like that you what you sense is evidence for the sensed to be there.
#>#If only everything would be so easy.
#>
#>What almost everyone senses is evidence for the sensed to be there.
#>Because to all intents and purposes, it *is* there.
#> #We had that argument. For one, your claim that everyone senses it
#is not founded, and you have been asked to give evidence for it often.
#And then, the correct statement would be it is reason to assume that it
#is there unless evidence against it has been found.

I have no problem with the second statement.  I have provided an
argument that almost everyone senses that Freedom is valuable - the
only cogent objection to this came from jon livesey, and was offered
by some other people too: essentially, that people disagree about
fuzzy concepts such as Freedom.  It's a good point, and I'm thinking
about it.
# 
#Your trick is to say, I feel A is not right, and so do many I know,
#therefore A is absolutely right. It neglects the possibility that
#these people consider A to be right as an effect of the same process,
#restricting the claim of its absoluteness to those who have been subject
#of that process. In other words, refutes it. You make the ontological
#claim, you have to prove it.

Nonsense.  My "trick" is to say:  I feel that A is better than B and so 
does almost any disinterested person I ask.  Best evidence is therefore 
that A really is better than B, subject to the assumption that we
can establish to our mutual satisfaction what we mean by A and B, and
that the resulting system of values is self-consistent.

Now get this:  "really is better" is an idealisation, a fictional model,
in the same sense that "real material existence" is a fictional model. It
may or may not correspond to something true.  It is nonetheless a useful
_assumption_.  Far more useful than the equally assumed relativist 
"trick", to wit:

I feel that A is better than B, and so does almost any disinterested person
I ask.  However, if even one person disagrees that A is better than B,
or if even one person dissents from mutually agreed definitions of A and B,
then it is the case that B is better than A for that person, and nothing
more can be said.  

I say this is useless because it inexorably implies that a supermajority
seeking to maximise A cannot morally take action against someone seeking to
maximise B (e.g. a terrorist).  To do that would be to claim that 
a supermajority's carefully considered morality would be better than the 
terrorist's - which would, of course, be true, but a no-no for an ethical
relativist.  To claim that ethical relativism implies anything else is
simply weasel words, and an example of compartmentalisation to rival
anything in the world of religion.

#>#For a similar argument, I sense morality is subjective, it does not
#>#hurt me to do things that are considered to be objectively wrong by
#>#others.
#>
#>If you mean that you do things that some others consider objectively
#>wrong, and it turns out not to be the case for you - of course this
#>is possible.  It is neither evidence for subjectivism, nor evidence
#>against objectivism (except sometimes, in a pragmatic sense).
#>
#It serves as a counterexample for that everything that is subject to
#judgements is absolute. And as long as you don't provide evidence for
#that there is something universally agreed upon there is no reason to
#believe your hypothesis.

I've done this: freedom, with the proviso that I still have to 
answer jon's objection that fuzzy concepts like freedom have no
objective meaning.

#Further, in order to make morality absolute, universal, or objective,
#you would have to show that it is independent of humans, or the attributes
#above look quite misleading.

Not really.  What evidence is there that _anything_ exists independently
of humans?  You'll be hard pressed to find any that isn't logically
equivalent when applied to values.

#>An analogous set of premises would be:
#>
#>Premise 1:  Some people believe that objectively speaking the shortest
#>            route  from my house to a bar is through the main entrance
#>            of the estate, and down the Malahide road.
#>
#>Premise 2:  I checked it out, and found that the shortest route from my
#>            which is much closer.
#>
#>You would never deduce from these that there is no shortest route from my
#>house to a bar; yet that is seemingly how you derive your relativist claim,
#>using premises which are logically no different.
#>
# 
#No. Morals are a matter of belief so far. The people still believe that the
#shortest way is through the main entrance. No agreement on *belief* here.
#And in order to have an analogy you would have to show that there is a
#shortest way and that there is a method to convince everyone of that it
#is the shortest way indeed. In other words,  your analogy works only when
#one assumes that your  premises are right in the first place. If not, it is
#a fallacy.

And if this were an argument for objectivism, you'd be right.  It isn't,
though, it's a demonstration that the argument you gave me is neither argument
*against* objectivism, nor argument *for* relativism.  Your gimmick is to
assume in the first place that values aren't real, and to use this to "prove"
that values aren't real.  In other words, you beg the question against me.

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

In article <1993Apr20.102306.882@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>In article <1993Apr20.062328.19776@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, 
>dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
>> [...] Actually, I rather like your idea.  Perhaps
>> the rest of the world should have bombed (or maybe missiled) Washington
>> when the US invaded Nicaragua, Grenada, Panama, Vietnam, Mexico, Hawaii,
>> or any number of other places.
>
>Wait a minute, Doug.  I know you are better informed than that.  The US 
>has never invaded Nicaragua (as far as I know).  We liberated Grenada 
>[...]

"Liberate" is the way an invader describes an invasion, including, if
I'm not mistaken, the Iraqi liberation of Kuwait.  Never invaded
Nicaragua?  Only with more word games: can you say "send in the
Marines?"  

>So if you mean by the word "invaded" some sort of military action where
>we cross someone's border, you are right 5 out of 6.  But normally
>"invaded" carries a connotation of attacking an autonomous nation.
>(If some nation "invades" the U.S. Virgin Islands, would they be
>invading the Virgin Islands or the U.S.?)  So from this point of
>view, your score falls to 2 out of 6 (Mexico, Panama).

Oh, good: word games.  If you let the aggressor pick the words,
there's scarcely ever been a reprehensible military action.


>> What's a "peace-nik"?  Is that somebody who *doesn't* masturbate
>> over "Guns'n'Ammo" or what?  Is it supposed to be bad to be a peace-nik?
>
>No, it's someone who believes in "peace-at-all-costs".  In other words,
>a person who would have supported giving Hitler not only Austria and
>Czechoslakia, but Poland too if it could have averted the War.  And one
>who would allow Hitler to wipe all *all* Jews, slavs, and political 
>dissidents in areas he controlled as long as he left the rest of us alone.

That's a convenient technique, much seen on alt.atheism: define those
who disagree with you according to a straw-man extreme that matches
virtually nobody.

>"Is it supposed to be bad to be a peace-nik," you ask?  Well, it depends
>on what your values are.  If you value life over liberty, peace over
>freedom, then I guess not.  But if liberty and freedom mean more to you
>than life itself; if you'd rather die fighting for liberty than live
>under a tyrant's heel, then yes, it's "bad" to be a peace-nik.

Very noble and patriotic.  I'm sure the fine young Americans who
carpet-bombed Iraqi infantry positions from over the horizon,
destroyed Iraq's sewer and water infrastructure from the safety of the
sky or further, or who bulldozed other Iraqi infantry into their
trenches [or more importantly the commanders who ordered them to] were
just thrilled to be risking death (if not risking it by much) in the
defense of the liberty of ... well, wealthy Kuwaitis.  Can't have
those oil-fields under a tyrant's heel if that tyrant is antagonistic
to US interests... 

>The problem with most peace-niks it they consider those of us who are
>not like them to be "bad" and "unconscionable".  I would not have any
>argument or problem with a peace-nik if they held to their ideals and
>stayed out of all conflicts or issues, especially those dealing with 
>the national defense.  But no, they are not willing to allow us to
>legitimately hold a different point-of-view.  

Having pigeon-holed "peace-niks" (in this context, "people who
disagree with me about the conduct of the Gulf War") into
"peace-at-all-cost-hitler-supporting-genocide-abetting-wimps", you can
now express righteous indignation when "they" refuse to fit this mold
and question the conduct of the war on legitimate terms.  HOW DARE
THEY!

>They militate and 
>many times resort to violence all in the name of peace.  (What rank
>hypocrisy!)  

Yes, hypocrisy indeed!  Those violent peace-niks!  (Care to list an
example here?)

>All to stop we "warmongers" who are willing to stand up 
>and defend our freedoms against tyrants, and who realize that to do
>so requires a strong national defense.

Wow: instant '80's nostalgia!  [Of course, "peace-nik" itself is a
'50's Cold War derogatory term equating those who promote pacifism
with Godless Pinko Communists].  Yes indeed, I felt my freedoms
mightily threatened by Iraq... 
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

From: MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <1r34n3$hfj@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp writes:

[ Deletia; in case anybody hadn't noticed, Frank and I are debating
  "objective morality", and seemingly hitting semantics. ]

> Secondly,  how can I refute your definition?  I can only point up its
> logical implications, and say that they seem to contradict the usage
> of the word "objective" in other areas.  Indeed, by your definition, an
> objective x is an oxymoron, for all x.  I have no quibble with that
> belief, other than that it is useless, and that "objective" is a perfectly
> good word.

      It may be that, being a non-native English-speaker, I've
misunderstood your usage of "objective", and tried to debate something
you don't assert; my apologies. I'm at a loss to imagine what you really
do mean, though.

>#      How many ages can the universe have, and still be internally self-
>#consistent? I'd be amazed if it was more than one. How many different
>#moral systems can different members of society have - indeed, single
>#individuals, in some cases - and humanity still stick together?
> 
> Begging the question.  People can have many opinions about the age
> of the universe and humanity can still stick together.   You are
> saying that the universe has a _real_ age, independent of my beliefs about
> it.  Why?

      Wrong point. The age of the universe has no direct effect on
humanity's sticking power, in the way the moral system of a society can
have.

      I'm saying the Universe has a "real age", because I see evidence
for it; cosmology, astronomy and so on. I say this age is independent of
people's opinions of it, because I know different people have a lot of
different opinions in the matter, yet empirical tests consistently seem
to give roughly the same results.

>#      The age of the universe, like most scientific facts, can be
>#emirically verified through means that'll give the same result no matter
>#who performs the testing (albeit there are error bars that may be on the
>#largish side...). 
> 
> This assumes that the universe has a real age, or any kind of reality
> which doesn't depend on what we think.

      I can't see how it does that. Put a creationist to the task of
performing the tests and calculations, see to it (s)he makes no blatant
errors in measuring or calculating, and the result of the test will be
the same.

> Why should an extreme Biblical
> Creationist give a rat's ass about the means of which you speak?

      Because logically consistent empirical tests contradict their
opinion. If those tests were just my opinion, then their own tests
(which would then be their opinion) would contradict mine, even if we
conducted said tests in identical manner, no? They don't, which I take
as showing these tests have some validity beyond our opinion of them.

>#I've heard of no way to verify morality in a
>#consistent way, much less compute the errors of the measurement; care to
>#enlighten me?
> 
> The same is true of pain, but painkillers exist, and can be predicted
> to work with some accuracy better than a random guess.

      Map the activity of nerves and neural activity, if you mean
physical pain. You have a sharp point, I'll give you that; but you still
haven't given me a way to quantify morality.

> I wrote
> elsewhere that morality should be hypotheses about observed value.

      We agree. Hypotheses, however, can change; I hold that there is no
"ultimate hypothesis of morality" towards which these changes could
gravitate, but that they could be changed in any way imaginable,
producing different results suitable for different tasks or purposes.

> If a moral system makes a prediction "It will be better if...",
> that can be tested,

      "Better" and "worse" are (almost?) always defined in the context
of a moral system. Your prediction will _always_ be correct, *within*
*that* *moral* *system*. What you need now is an objective definition of
"good" and "bad"; I wish you luck.

>#      People's *ideas* about the age of object X are *not* objective;
>#you can have any idea you like, and I can't stop you. Universae and
>#their ages is another ballgame; they are what they are, and if you
>#dislike some detail of them, that's a problem with your *opinion* of
>#them. 
> 
> Sure.  Assume an objective reality, and you get statements like this.

      Isn't that what _you're_ doing, when assuming an "objectively
real" morality? Besides, what _exactly_ is provably wrong with my
statement?

>#I claim that morality is an opinion of ours, and as such
>#subjective and individual. If I'm wrong, then some more-or-less
>#objectively "real" thing exists, which you label "objective morality";
>#can you back up this positive claim of existence?
> 
> Can you back up your positive claim above?  No.  That's because it's an
> assumption.  I make the same assumption about values, on the basis
> that there is no logical difference between the two, and the empirical
> basis of the two is precisely the same.

      Claiming there is no objective morality is suddenly a positive
claim? Besides, I think I _can_ lend some credence to my claim; ponder
different individuals, both fully functional as human beings and members
of society, but yet with wildly different moral codes. If morality was
"objective", at least one should be way off base, but yet hir
'incorrect' morality seems to function fine. How come?

      As for producing these individuals, it might be easiest to pick
them from different societies; say, an islamic one and some polynesian
matrilineal system, for example (if such still exist).

[ deletia - testing for footballs on desks ]

>#      Now take a look at morality. See anything? If so, please inform me
>#which way to look, and WHY to look that particular way, as opposed to
>#some other. Get my drift?
> 
> No. Just look.  Are you claiming never to know what good means?

      One thing is "good" under some circumstances, because we wish to
achieve some goal, for some reason. Other times we wish to do something
else, and that thing is no longer so clearly "good" at all.

      Some things are hard to make "good", because we'd seldom if ever
wish to achieve the sort of goal mass murder would lead one into. Still,
the Aztecs were doing fine until the Spaniards wiped them out.

      I almost always know what "good" means; sometimes I even know why.
I never claim this "good" is thereby fixed in stone, immutable.

[...]
>#      That's a simple(?) matter of proving the track record of the
>#scientific method.
> 
> I think it's great, and should be applied to values.  I may be completely
> wrong, but that's what I conclude as a result of quite an amount of
> thought.

      Yes, me too, and I've tried a thing or two down that line; it
doesn't look good for objective values to me at all.

-- 
  Disclaimer?   "It's great to be young and insane!"

From: rsrodger@wam.umd.edu (Yamanari)
Subject: Re: Asimov stamp

In article <schnitzi.735603785@eustis> schnitzi@eustis.cs.ucf.edu (Mark Schnitzius) writes:
>battin@cyclops.iucf.indiana.edu (Laurence Gene Battin) writes:
>
>>Apart from the suggestion that appeared in the letters column of
>>Skeptical Inquirer recently, has there been any further mention
>>about a possible Asimov commemorative stamp?  If this idea hasn't
>>been followed up, does anyone know what needs to be done to get
>>this to happen?  I think that its a great idea.  Should we start a
>>petition or something?
>
>I'm sure all the religious types would get in a snit due
>to Asimov's atheism.
>
>Do we have any atheists on stamps now?


	More to the point, how long are atheists going to be insulted
	by the disgraceful addition of religious blah-blah to our 
	money and out pledge?
-- 
	"What's big, noisy and has an IQ of 8?"

	"Operation Rescue."

From: aiken@unity.ncsu.edu (Wayne NMI Aiken)
Subject: Re: Mottos to replace "In doG we trust"

Andrew Hilmer (hilmera@storm.cs.orst.edu) wrote:
: At the risk of beginning a cascade, I'll start with a possibly cheesy
: good 'ol Uhmericun:

: "Our shield is freedom"

Or, considering what our government has been doing for the past 50 years,
perhaps this would be more appropriate:

     "100% Debt"

--

Holy Temple of Mass  $   >>> slack@ncsu.edu <<<    $  "My used underwear
   Consumption!      $                             $   is legal tender in
PO Box 30904         $     BBS: (919) 782-3095     $   28 countries!"
Raleigh, NC  27622   $  Warning: I hoard pennies.  $     --"Bob"


From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

In article <1r76ek$7uo@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
#In article <1r5ubl$bd6@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
#|> In article <1r4o8a$6qe@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
#|> #
#|> #Noting that a particular society, in this case the mainland UK,
#|> #has few religously motivated murders, and few murders of *any*
#|> #kind, says very little about whether inter-religion murders elsewhere
#|> #are religiously motivated.
#|> 
#|> No, but it allows one to conclude that there is nothing inherent
#|> in all religion (or for that matter, in catholicism and protestantism)
#|> that motivates one to kill.
#
#"Motivates" or "allows?"    The Christian Bible says that one may kill
#under certain circumstances.   In fact, it instructs one to kill under
#certain circumstances.     

I'd say the majority of people have a moral system that instructs them
to kill under certain circumstances.  I do get your distinction between
motivate and allow, and I do agree that if a flavour of theism 'allows'
atoricities, then that's an indictment of that theism.  But it rather
depends on what the 'certain circumstances' are.  When you talk about
Christianity, or Islam, then at least your claims can be understood.
It's when people go to a general statement about theism that it falls
apart.  One could believe in a God which instructs one to be utterly
harmless.
#
#|> For my part, I conclude that something
#|> else is required.  I also happen to believe that that something
#|> else will work no less well without religion - any easy Them/Us will
#|> do.
#
#And what does religion supply, if not an easy Them/Us?

Not necessarily.  "Love thy neighbour" does not supply a them/us - it
demolishes it.  And my definition of religion is broader than my
definition of theism, as I have explained.
#
#|> #By insisting that even the murder of four labourers, chosen because
#|> #they were catholics, and who had nothing to do with the IRA, by 
#|> #Protestant extremists, is *not* religously motivated, I think what 
#|> #you are saying is that you simply will not accept *any* murder as 
#|> #being religiously motivated.
#|> 
#|> No.  What about that guy who cut off someone's head because he believed 
#|> he was the devil incarnate?  That was religously motivated.
#
#What about the Protestant extremists who killed four Catholic 
#labourers?     That *wasn't* religiously motivated?

Not in my opinion.  If they were doing it because of some obscure
point of theology, then yes.  But since all protestants don't do this
(nor do they elect extremists to do it for them), it's just too broad
too say "religion did this".  I'm saying that the causes are far more
complex than that - take away the religious element, and you'd still
have the powerful motives of revenge and misguided patriotism.  You
know, when most Catholics and Protestants worldwide say 'stop the 
killing', one might listen to that, especially when you claim not
to read minds.
#
#
#|> Also, the murders ensuing from the fatwa on Mr. Rushdie, the Inquisitions,
#|> and the many religous wars.
#
#What's so special about these exceptions?    Isn't this all just a
#grab-bag of ad-hoc excuses for not considering some other murders
#to be religiously motivated?    What's the general principle behind
#all this?

The general principle is that it's fairly clear (to me, at least) that
religion is the primary motivator (enabler, whatever) of these.  It's
not nearly so obvious what's going on when one looks at NI, apart
from violence of course.
#
#|> #It's not an abstract "argument".   Northern Irish Protestants say
#|> #"We don't want to be absorbed into am officially Catholic country."
#|> #
#|> #Now what are we supposed to do?   Are we supposed to reply "No,
#|> #that's only what you think you don't want.   Mr O'Dwyer assures us
#|> #that no matter what you say you want, you really want something 
#|> #else?"
#|> 
#|> You think the Unionists wouldn't mind being absorbed into a non-Catholic 
#|> country (other than the UK of course)?   It's a terrible thing to lose
#|> a mind.   Maybe the word "country" is there for more than just kicks.
#|> I certainly don't believe that the Unionists are in it for God - I think
#|> they wish to maintain their position of privilege.
#
#I'm still listening to what they say, and you are still telling us 
#your version of what they think.   You read minds, and I don't.

You've speculated on my motives often enough, and you don't take
my statements of my own beliefs at face value - therefore your claim 
not to read minds has no credibility with me, sorry.   I also note that 
you fail to answer my question.  It just looks to me very much like
you have an axe to grind - especially as you are indeed ignoring what 
most Protestants say - which is @stop the killing".  The people you
refer to are properly described as Unionists, not Protestants.
#
#As for their position of privilege, what is that if not religion-
#based?

It is based on politics, bigotry, and heartless extremism.  None of these
things are synonymous with religion, though there is certainly some
overlap.


-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

From: bobbe@vice (Robert Beauchaine;6086;59-323;LP=A;YAyG)
Subject: Re: Asimov stamp

In article <schnitzi.735603785@eustis> schnitzi@eustis.cs.ucf.edu (Mark Schnitzius) writes:
>
>I'm sure all the religious types would get in a snit due
>to Asimov's atheism.
>
>Do we have any atheists on stamps now?
>
>
  Due to a discussion on this group some time ago, the theists would
  more likely take an Asimov quote out of context and paint him as
  the biggest Bible thumpin', God fearin', atheist hatin' christian
  you ever laid eyes on.  Right up there with Einstein.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: bobbe@vice (Robert Beauchaine;6086;59-323;LP=A;YAyG)
Subject: More Best of A.A



			RAPTURE - OCTOBER 28, 1992

		WHAT TO DO IN CASE YOU MISS THE RAPTURE

I. STAY CALM AND DO NOT PANIC

	Your natural reaction once you realize what has just occurred is to
panic.  But to do so is absolutely useless now.  If you had wanted to get right
with God before the rapture, you could have, but you chose to wait.  Now your 
only chance is to stay on this earth and to endure to the end of the 
Tribulation.  "But he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be 
saved." - Matthew 24:13

II. REALIZE YOU ARE NOW LIVING DURING THE GREAT TRIBULATION

	The Great Tribulation is a seven year period starting from the time of
the rapture until Christ's second coming.  Also know as "the time of Jacob's
(Israel's) trouble" (Jere 30:7) and "Daniel's Seventieth Week" (Dan 9), this 
period will be unparalleled in trouble and horror.

III. GATHER AS MANY BIBLES AS YOU CAN AND HIDE THEM

	Soon after the Antichrist becomes the leader of the European Community 
(the revived Roman Empire), Bibles will be confiscated and owning a Bible will
be tantamount to treason.  The Bible, however, will be your most valuable 
possession during the Tribulation.

IV. READ THE BIBLE LIKE YOU HAVE NEVER READ IT BEFORE IN YOUR LIFE

	Since all of your Bibles may be confiscated, even if you are careful, it
is imperative that you read the Word until you memorize whole passages and can
quote them.  It is especially important to read Daniel, Luke 21, Matthew 24, 
Revelation, and Amos, for these books describe the events you can expect to
unfold before you.  

V. PRAY LIKE YOU HAVE NEVER PRAYED BEFORE IN YOUR LIFE

	Pray until the power of God comes strongly upon you - pray and pray 
and pray.  Only by reading the Word and praying will you gain the spiritual 
strength to be able to withstand the torture you may have to endure for the
sake of Christ.  

VI. DO NOT TAKE THE MARK AT ANY COST - EVEN IN FIT MEANS YOU AND YOUR LOVED
ONES DIE AS MARTYRS

	After the Antichrist becomes the leader of the European Community, he
will institute a world economic system, designed so that you cannot buy, sell,
or eat unless you take his mark or the number of his name.  Money will be
useless.  "And he causes all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and 
slave, to receive a mark on their right hand or on their foreheads, and that
no one may buy or sell except one who has the mark or the name of the beast, 
or the number of his name.  Here is wisdom.  Let him who has understanding
calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man: His number
is 666" - Revelation 13:16-18.  
	The Antichrist will implement the greatest slaughter in all of 
humanity.  Think of the various ways people have been tortured and killed
in the past, such as the Holocaust.
[or maybe the crusades? -M]
You cannot even imagine the horror that will take place under the Antichrist's
rule; it will be much worse than anything in history (Matt 24:21) "...I saw
under the altar the souls of those who had been slain for the word of God and
for the testimony which they held.  And a white robe was given to each of 
them: and it was said to them that they should rest a little while longer, 
until both the number of the fellow servants and their brethren, who would be
killed as they were, was completed." Revelation 6:9, 11.
	His targets will be Jews and Christians who do not worship his image
or take the mark on their forehead or right hadn/ "...And I saw the souls of 
those who had been beheaded for their witness to Jesus and for the word of 
God, who had not worshiped the beast or his image, and had not received his mark
on their foreheads or on the hands." - Revelation 20:4.  He will use every
form of torture and humiliation in order to force you to renounce Christ.  Nor
will he hesitate to use your loved ones against you, even your children, 
torturing and killing them in front of you so that you will be tempted to take
the mark.  
	If you take the mark or worship the Antichrist or his image, however,
you will be consigned to the second death, which is the Lake of Fire.
[Sung about so eloquently by Johnny Cash...-M]
You cannot be redeemed.  It is better to endure torture for a short while and
gain eternal life then [sic] to endure eternal torment in the Ring^H^H^H^H Lake
of Fire.  "...If anyone worships the Beast and his image, and receives his 
mark on his forehead or on his hand, he himself shall also drink the wine of
the wrath of God, which is poured out full strength into the cup of His 
indignation.  An [sic] he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the 
presence of the holy angels and in the presence of the Lamb." -Revelation 
14:9-10 

[and probably in the presence of season-ticket holders; special hats given to
the first 5,000 at the stadium --M] 

VII. SET A PLAN IN MOTION FOR SURVIVAL

	Although you may not be able to hide from the Antichrist's government
until the end of the Tribulation, all of the time you gain in hiding is 
important for your spiritual growth and strengthening, since only those who are
extremely strong in Christ can suffer and die for His sake.
	The first thing to do is move out of the city and into a rural or
mountainous area, for the Antichrist's control will come last to the least
populated areas.  Take a good radio or TV with you so that you can stay 
attuned to events and discern the time schedule of the Tribulation.
["As you can see on the weather map, heavy currents of Tribulation will sweep
into our area by daybreak.  Expect delays on I-95 outbound, and perhaps school
closings" --M] 
Store water and food, because you will not be able to purchase anything without
the mark.  Water in lakes and streams will be polluted by radioactive waste
from nuclear warfare and will eventually turn into blood.
[Get a good water filter. --M]
Bring different types of clothing for all seasons, as well as flashlights,
batteries, generators, and First Aid supplies.  In short, learn how to 
survive and live off the land as the pioneers did.

VIII. TRUST NO ONE
	
	There will be secret agents everywhere, spying for the Antichrist's
government.  Be on the lookout.
[Perot supporters take note --M]

IX. WATCH FOR THE ANTICHRIST

	It is important to realize who the Antichrist is and what he is up to,
for he will deceive many into thinking that he is a great world leader who will
bring peace and prosperity to a world hungry for it.  We can infer from Daniel 
11 certain characteristics of this man.  Popular during the first three and a
half years of the Tribulation, he will dominate the airwaves.  He will be 
physically appealing, highly intelligent, with Christ-like charisma and 
personality.  An international politician, military tactician and economic
expert, his word will be peace; he will make a treaty with the Jews, which
he will break after three and a half years.  He will have such supernatural 
power that a mortal wound to his head will be healed.  Even the very elect will
be deceived.  If you do not pray and read the Bible, you too will be deceived.
[Dominate the airwaves?  Perhaps Howard Stern or Rush Limbaugh...-M]
	The antichrist will have a companion, the False Prohphet [sic], who
will make an image in the likeness of the Antichrist and cause it to speak.  
All who refuse to worhsip [sic] the image will be killed.  The final three and
a half years will be absolutely insane, with demonized spirits everywhere.

X. DO NOT GIVE UP HOPE!

	The seven years of Tribulation will end with the triumphant return of
Christ.  The Antichrist will be defeated.  Be steadfast and endure, and you 
will be rewarded greatly in Heaven.  
	Start reading the Bible and praying fervently now.  The salvation of 
your sould depends upon it.  Determine that, come what may, you will not take
the mark or worship the Antichrist.  You still have a chance to be saved or
remain saved, but this time you will have to be "faithful unto death."

	May God find you ready in the hour of his glorious return!

******************************************************************************
Mike Cluff				*  "Christianity is Stupid.
v22964qs@ubvms or mike%luick@ubvms	*   Give up." -Negativland
UB Language Perception Laboratory	*  
******************************************************************************


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: klap@dirac.phys.ualberta.ca (Kevin Klapstein)
Subject: Re: Are atoms real? 

In article <C5uE4t.G4K@news.rich.bnr.ca> bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain  
(Brian Cash) writes:
> Petri and Mathew,
> 
> Your discusion on the "reality" of atoms is interesting, but it
> would seem that you are verging on the question "Is anything real":
> that is, since observation is not 100% reliable, how can we say
> that anything is "real".  I don't think this was the intention
> of the original question, since you now define-out the word
> "real" so that nothing can meet its criteria.
> Just a thought.
> 
> Brian /-|-\
> 
> PS  Rainbows and Shadows are "real": they are not objects, they
> are phenomenon.  An interesting question would be if atoms
> are objects (classical) or phenomenon (neo-quantum) or what?

I've been following this train of talk, and the question of dismissing atoms as  
being in some sense "not real" leaves me uneasy.

It seems to be implied that we obseve only the effects, and therefore the  
underlying thing is not necessarily real.  The tree outside my window is in  
this category... is observe the light which bounces off of it, not the tree  
itself.  The observation is indirect, but no more so than observations I have  
made of atoms.

Also, what about observations and experiments that have been routinely done  
with individual atoms.  I am thinking in particular of atom trapping  
experiments and tests of fundamental quantum mechanics such as the quantum Zeno  
effect, where an individual atom is studied for a long period of time.

Some of the attempts at quantum mechanical arguments were not very satisfying  
either.  One has to be carefull about making such arguments without a solid  
technical background in the field.  What I read seemed a little confused a  
quite a red herring.

Anyway, if the purpose of a public debate is to make the audience think, it  
worked.  After doing so, I'm willing to try to defend the following assertion  
if anyone cares:

Atoms are as real as trees, and are real in the ussual every-day sense of the  
word "real".


From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <kmr4.1696.735588167@po.CWRU.edu>, kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>In article <1r98voINNr9q@lynx.unm.edu> cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl) writes:
>
>>> The myth to which I refer is the convoluted counterfeit athiests have
>>> created to make religion appear absurd. 
>>

You don't need any counterfeit athiest's myth to make religion
appear absurd.  You need only read any of friendly Christian
Bill Conner's posts.

-- 
 jim halat         halat@bear.com     
bear-stearns       --whatever doesn't kill you will only serve to annoy you--
   nyc             i speak only for myself





From: dewey@risc.sps.mot.com (Dewey Henize)
Subject: Re: sci.skeptic.religion (Was: Why ALT.atheism?)

In article <93103.071613J5J@psuvm.psu.edu> John A. Johnson <J5J@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
>
>Standard groups (sci, soc, talk) must conform to stricter rules when being
>established and must show a certain volume of postings or else they will
>cease to exist.  These groups also reach more sites on USENET than alt
>groups.  I already posted my opinion to mathew's suggestion, which was that
>alt.atheism is on the verge of having too many garbage postings from
>fundies, and "elevating" its status to a standard group (and consequently,
>the volume of such postings) could make it unreadable.

I tend to agree.  I came here when it first started and watched it grow
from the roots on talk.religion.misc.  It seemed to take a while for enough
atheists to come forward to get past the "Let's trash Xians" and such.
Now there's a stable core, and frankly there's a feeling that this is
_our_ group.

If we go mainstream, we're going to be in a lot more places.  And every
fucking fundy loonie freshman will be dumping on us to find Jeesus! and
warn us that we're all going to Hell.

Want to see what we'll get?  Go real alt.fan.brother-jed and imagine that
those imbecilic tirades will be here.  All the time.  Every other post.

I'm being selfish.  I find I really learn a lot here and the S/N isn't too
bad.  The Browns and the Boobys are a distraction, but they are few enough
that they even bring in some of the leavening needed to offset them.  But
I greatly fear that mainstreaming would basically put us at the swamping
level of the Conners of the world.

Regards,
Dew
-- 
Dewey Henize Sys/Net admin RISC hardware (512) 891-8637 pager 928-7447 x 9637

From: dewey@risc.sps.mot.com (Dewey Henize)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie


Is it just me, or has this part gotten beyond useful?

Gregg is not, as I understand his posts, giving any support to the bounty
on Rushdie's life.  If that's correct, end of one point...

Gregg is using the concept of legal in a way most Westerners don't accept.
His comments about Islamic Law I think make a great deal of sense to him,
and are even making a _little_ sense to me now - if a person is a member
of a group (religion or whatever) they bind themselves to follow the ways
of the group within the bounds of what the group requires as a minimum.
The big bone of contention here that I'm picking up is that in the West
we have secular governments that maintain, more or less, a level of control
and of requirements outside the requirements of optional groups.  I think
the majority of us reading this thread are in tune (note - I didn't say
"in agreement") with the idea that you are finally responsible to the
secular government,  and within that to the group or groups a person may
have chosen.

With that in mind, it not possible under secular law ("legally" as most
people would define the term) to hold a person to a particular group once
they decide to separate from it.  Only if the secular authorities agree
that there is a requirement of some sort (contractual, etc) is there
any secular _enforcement_ allowed by a group to a group member or past
group member.

A religion can, and often does, believe in and require additional duties
of a group member.  And it can enforce the fulfillment of those duties
in many ways - ostracism is common for example.  But the limit comes when
the enforcement would impose unwanted and/or unaccepted onus on a person
_in conflict with secular law_.

This is the difference.  In a theocracy, the requirements of the secular
authorities are, by definition, congruent with the religious authorities.
Outside a theocracy, this is not _necessarily_ true.  Religious requirements
_may_ coincide or may not.  Similiarly, religious consequences _may_ or
may not coincide with secular consequences (if any).

Regards,

Dew
-- 
Dewey Henize Sys/Net admin RISC hardware (512) 891-8637 pager 928-7447 x 9637

From: dewey@risc.sps.mot.com (Dewey Henize)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr15.212943.15118@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:
[deletions]
>
>The fatwa was levelled at the person of Rushdie - any actions of
>Rushdie that feed the situation contribute to the legitimization of
>the ruling. The book remains in circulation not by some independant
>will of its own but by the will of the author and the publishers. The fatwa
>against the person of Rushdie encompasses his actions as well. The
>crime was certainly a crime in progress (at many levels) and was being
>played out (and played up) in the the full view of the media.
>
>P.S. I'm not sure about this but I think the charge of "shatim" also
>applies to Rushdie and may be encompassed under the umbrella
>of the "fasad" ruling.

If this is grounded firmly in Islam, as you claim, then you have just
exposed Islam as the grounds for terrorism, plain and simple.

Whether you like it or not, whether Rushdie acted like a total jerk or
not, there is no acceptable civilized basis for putting someone in fear
of their life for words.

It simply does not matter whether his underlying motive was to find the
worst possible way he could to insult Muslims and their beliefs, got that?
You do not threaten the life of someone for words - when you do, you
quite simply admit the backruptcy of your position.  If you support
threatening the life of someone for words, you are not yet civilized.

This is exactly where I, and many of the people I know, have to depart
from respecting the religions of others.  When those beliefs allow and
encourage (by interpretation) the killing of non-physical opposition.

You, or I or anyone, are more than privledged to believe that someone,
whether it be Rushdie or Bush or Hussien or whover, is beyond the pale
of civilized society and you can condemn his/her soul, refuse to allow
any members of your association to interact with him/her, _peacably_
demonstrate to try to convince others to disassociate themselves from
the "miscreants", or whatever, short of physical force.

But once you physically threaten, or support physical threats, you get
much closer to your earlier comparison of rape - with YOU as the rapist
who whines "She asked for it, look how she was dressed".

Blaming the victim when you are unable to be civilized doesn't fly.

Dew
-- 
Dewey Henize Sys/Net admin RISC hardware (512) 891-8637 pager 928-7447 x 9637

From: karner@austin.ibm.com (F. Karner)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.


In article <1993Apr20.195907.10765@mks.com>, mike@mks.com (Mike Brookbank) writes:
> In article <1993Apr15.151122.4746@mac.cc.macalstr.edu> acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu writes:
> >In article <bissda.4.734849678@saturn.wwc.edu>, bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:
> >> die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  
> >
> I light of yesterday's events in Waco, Texas I guess the answer to your
> questions are very obvious.  If you think Waco is just one example think
> back to 1972 in Jonestown where more than 900 people died for a lie.
> 
Deletions...

Correction.  I think it was 1978.  Also, contrary to earlier belief, it
is now widely accepted that not all committed suicide, but were actually
killed.  In the end, they did die for a lie, but some not out of
conviction alone.  Thought I try to make this point clear.
-- 

         DISCLAIMER: The opinions expressed in this posting are mine
            solely and do not represent my employer in any way.
       F. A. Karner AIX Technical Support | karner@austin.vnet.ibm.com

From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Islam and Sufism (was Re: Move the Islam discussions...)

(Short reply to Kent Sandvik's post remarking how it is strange that
somehow Sufism is related to Islam, as [to him] they seem quite
different.)

If one really understands Islam, it is not strange that Sufism is
associated with it.  In fact, Sufism is (in general) seen as the "inner
dimension" of Islam.

One of the "roots" of the word "Islam" is "submission" -- "Islam"
denotes submission to God.  Sufism is the most complete submission to
God imaginable, in "annihilating" oneself in God.

(I am not a Sufi or on the Sufi path, but have read a lot and recently
have been discussing a number of things with others who are on the Sufi
path.)

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

From: jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only)
Subject: Nicknames

In article <UfnYJ2a00VoqIT9VpA@andrew.cmu.edu> nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu (Nanci Ann Miller) writes:
>jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only) writes:
>> Welcome.  I am the official keeper of the list of nicknames that people
>> are known by on alt.atheism (didn't know we had such a list, did you).
>> Your have been awarded the nickname of "Buckminster."  So the next time
>> you post an article, sign with your nickname like so:
>> Dave "Buckminster" Fuller.  Thanks again.
>> 
>> Jim "Humor means never having to say you're sorry" Copeland
>
>Of course, the list has to agree with the nickname laws laid down by the
>GIPU almost 2000 years ago (you know... the 9 of them that were written on
>the iron tablets that melted once and had to be reinscribed?).  Since I am
>a prophet of the GIPU I decree that you should post the whole list of
>nicknames for the frequent posters here!

If the first rule of humor is never having to say you're sorry then the 
second rule must be never having to explain yourself.  Few things are 
worse that a joke explained.  In spite of this, and because of requests
for me to post my list o' nicknames, I must admit that no such list
exists.  It was simply a plot device, along with me being the keeper
o' the list, to make the obvious play on the last name of Fuller and to
advance the idea that such a list should be made.

I assumed that the ol' timers would recognize it for what it is.  
Nevertheless, how about a list o' nicknames for alt.atheism posters?
If you think of a good one, just post it and see if others like it.
We could start with those posters who annoy us the most, like Bobby or
Bill.

Jim "D'oh! I broke the second rule of humor" Copeland
--
If God is dead and the actor plays his part                    | -- Sting,
His words of fear will find their way to a place in your heart | History
Without the voice of reason every faith is its own curse       | Will Teach Us
Without freedom from the past things can only get worse        | Nothing

From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War

In article <930414.121019.7E4.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
> rush@leland.Stanford.EDU (Voelkerding) writes:
>>In article <1993Apr12.143834.26803@seachg.com> chrisb@seachg.com (Chris
>>Blask) writes:
>>>Add to this the outrageous cost of putting someone to death (special cell
>>>block, years of court costs, extra guards...) and the benefits of the death
>>>penalty entirely disappear.
>> 
>> That's because of your earlier claim that the one innocent death
>> overrides the benefit of all the others.  Obviously it's tragic,  but
>> it is no argument for doing away with the death penalty.  If we went
>> to war and worried about accidentally killing civilians all of the time
>> (because our determination of who the enemy really is is imperfect), then
>> there is no way to win the war.
> 
> Yes.  Fortunately we have right-thinking folks like your good self in power,
> and it was therefore deemed acceptable to slaughter tens or even hundreds of
> thousands of Iraqis in order to liberate oil^H^H^HKuwait.  We won the war,
> hurrah hurrah!

The number of civilian Iraqi deaths were way over-exaggerated and 
exploited for anti-war emotionalism by the liberal news media.  The
facts are that less Iraqis died in the Gulf War than did civilians 
in any other war of comparable size this century!  This was due mostly
to the short duration coupled with precise surgical bombing techniques
which were technically possible only recently.

The idea that "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi citizens died is
ludicrous.  Not even "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi soldiers died,
and they were the ones being targeted!  Or do you think that the US
and its allies were specifically out to kill and maim Iraqi civilians?
Either the smart bombs didn't hit their targets (and we know they did),
or they were targeting civilian targets (!) which is hardly condusive to
destroying Iraq's military potential.  The military mission planners are
not fools, they know they have to hit *military* targets to win a war.
Hitting civilian targets does nothing but unite the people against you,
not a laudable goal if one wants the people to rise up against their
tyrant-dictator. 
> 
> OK, so some innocent people died.  Yes, maybe the unarmed civilians fleeing
> along that road didn't need to be bombed to bits.  Perhaps that kid with half
> his face burned off and the little girl with the mangled legs weren't
> entirely guilty.  But it's worth the death of a few innocents to save the
> oil^H^H^Hlives of the Kuwaiti people, isn't it?  After all, the Iraqis may
> not have had a chance to vote for Saddam, but they showed their acceptance of
> his regime by not assassinating him, right?  All that surrendering and
> fleeing along open roads was just a devious ploy.  We were entirely within
> our rights to bomb 'em just in case, without finding out if they were
> soldiers.

How about all the innocent people who died in blanket-bombing in WW2?
I don't hear you bemoaning them!  War is never an exact science, but
with smart bombs, it's becoming more exact with a smaller percentage
of civilian casualties.  Sometimes mistakes are made; targets are
misidentified; innocents die.  That's war the way it really is.
But the alternative, to allow tyrannical dictators to treat the earth
like it's one big rummage sale, grabbing everything they can get is
worse.  Like Patrick Henry said some 217 years ago, "I know not what
course others may take -- but as for me, give me liberty, or give me
death!"  War is always the price one must be willing to pay if one
wishes to stay free.   

> 
>> The death penalty was conceived as a deterrent to crime,  but the legal
>> shenanigans that have been added (automatic appeals, lengthy court
>> battles, etc.) have relegated that purpose to a very small part of what
>> it should be.  Hence the question is,  do we instate the death penalty as
>> it was meant to be, and see if that deters crime, or do we get rid of
>> it entirely?
> 
> Yes, let's reinstate the death penalty the way it ought to be.  All that shit
> about fair trials and a court of appeals just gets in the way of justice. 
> Let's give the police the absolute right to gun down the guilty, and save
> ourselves the expense of all those lawyers.
> 
> Think of the knock-on benefits, too.  LA would never have had to spend so
> much money cleaning up after riots and holding showcase trials if the cops
> had been allowed to do their job properly.  A quick bullet through the head
> of Rodney King and another for the cameraman, and everyone would have been
> saved a great deal of unnecessary paperwork and expense.
> 
> After all, if the police decide a man's guilty, that ought to be enough.  The
> fact that the death penalty has been shown not to have any deterrent effect
> over imprisonment, well, that's entirely irrelevant.
> 
> 
> mathew
> -- 

Mathew, your sarcasm is noted but you are completely off-base here.
You come off sounding like a complete peace-nik idiot, although I
feel sure that was not your intent.

So the Iraqi war was wrong, eh?  I'm sure that appeasement would have
worked better than war, just like it did in WW2, eh?  I guess we
shouldn't have fought WW2 either -- just think of all those innocent
German civilians killed in Dresden and Hamburg.  How about all the poor 
French who died in the crossfire because we invaded the continent?  We 
should have just let Hitler take over Europe, and you'd be speaking
German instead of English right now.

Tyrants like Hussein *have* to be stopped.  His kind don't understand
diplomacy; they only understand the point of a gun.  My only regret is
that Bush wimped out and didn't have the military roll into Baghdad, so
now Hussein is still in power and the Iraqi people's sacrifice (not to
mention the 357 Americans who died) was for naught.  Liberating Kuwait 
was a good thing, but wiping Hussein off the map would've been better!

And as for poor, poor Rodney King!  Did you ever stop and think *why*
the jury in the first trial brought back a verdict of "not guilty"?
Those who have been foaming at the mouth for the blood of those
policemen certainly have looked no further than the video tape.
But the jury looked at *all* the evidence, evidence which you and I
have not seen.  When one makes a judgment without the benefit of a
trial where evidence can be presented on both sides, one has simply
lowered himself to the level of vigilante justice, a state-of-mind
which your sarcasm above seemingly spoke against, but instead tends
to support in the case against the policemen.  

Law in this country is intended to protect the rights of the accused,
whether they be criminals or cops.  One is not found guilty if there is
a reasonable doubt of one's guilt, and only the jury is in a position
to assess the evidence and render a verdict.  Anyone else is simply
succumbing to verbal vigilantism.
       
Regards,

Jim B.

From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In <1993Apr19.140316.14872@cs.nott.ac.uk> eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (A.Wainwright) writes:

>In article <1993Apr19.112706.26911@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:

>|> (Great respect or love for a particular person does not equal a form of
>|> "theism".)
>|> 
>|>  Fred Rice
>|>  darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

>Hmm.  What about Jesus?

Sure, a person could have great respect for Jesus and yet be an 
atheist.  (Having great respect for Jesus does not necessarily mean 
that one has to follow the Christian [or Muslim] interpretation of 
his life.) 

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Atheism survey

I replied to this query via e-mail, but I think there are some
issues that are worth discussing in public.

MTA (mtabbott@unix.amherst.edu) wrote:
> I am doing research on atheism, part of which involves field research here
> on the net.  The following is a survey directed towards all readers of this
> group, intended to get data about the basis of atheistic belief.

I would recommend you to take a look at

1) your dictionary
2) alt.atheism FAQ files

to notice that atheism is _not_ a belief system, and what is common
to all atheists is not a belief, but a _lack of belief in deities_.
I cannot imagine how anyone could do research on atheism without
paying careful attention to this issue. 

> First of all, I've tried to structure questions that can be answered in a
> variety of ways, with varying amounts of detail; it's possible to give 
> succinct answers to most everything, but there's enough here to keep most of 
> you typing for hours, I'm sure.

IMHO, this is a poor method to do any real survey, although I'm sure the
replies might keep you amused for hours.

> Also, I tend to use a lot of anthropological buzzwords like "belief system"
> although I know some of you might contend that you don't have ANY beliefs
> , but
> are skeptical towards everything.  I understand; but you know what I mean.
> Think of such buzzwords as abbreviations for the rather unweildy phrases 
> required to get the precise idea across.  

No, I do _not_ know what you mean. If you are surveying our individual
philosophies, fine, but that's not strictly atheism. Atheism is not
just another, godless version of the theistic explanations for life,
the universe and everything. It is not a belief system, and it could
hardly be called a philosophical system.

Once more: Atheism is characterised by lack of belief in deities. 
Do not twist the meaning, or assume that we have some kind of
philosophy we all agree on.

Some comments on your questions:

> What contact with other atheists have you had; before and after (and during)
> your "conversion" to atheism?  (Certainly your involvement with alt.atheism
> counts -- how have net discussions affected your beliefs?)  

I would also like to hear more about this. Have we been able to 'convert'
anyone?

> Are you convinced that your beliefs were acquired through wholly rational
> means (proofs of the non-existence of God, etc), or was it perhaps, at least 
> in part, through other means (alienation from mainstream religion, etc)?  

This question contains a contradiction in terms. _Beliefs_ 
cannot be acquired rationally - if they could, they would not be 
beliefs! You also seem to have rather strange ideas of how people become
atheists - those who are alienated from religion do not necessarily
become atheists, they just think very little about religion. It seems
it requires a considerable time of honest inquiry to find out that
religions are actually intellectually dishonest virtual realities.

Those who have never had beliefs will certainly find this question
quite odd - how can lack of belief be acquired? When did I acquire
lack of belief in the Easter Bunny? (I did believe in Santa, though ;-))

> To what extent do you feel you "understand" the universe through your 
> beliefs? What phenomena of the universe and of human existence (anything
> from physical phenomena to the problem of the existence of evil in human
> affairs) do you feel are adequately dealt with by your beliefs, and where
> are they lacking as an explanatory method?  

This question does not make any sense, since atheism does not deal with
these issues - it is not a worldview, or a philosophy, or a belief system.

Sigh, why haven't I seen a good, well-thought survey in the Usenet
for three years... and what is the point of doing surveys in the net,
anyway? Just to abstract some opinions?

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Theism and Fanatism (was: Islamic Genocide)

In article <16BB7B863.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
#In article <1r0sn0$3r@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
#frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
# 
#>|>#>#Theism is strongly correlated with irrational belief in absolutes. Irrational
#>|>#>#belief in absolutes is strongly correlated with fanatism.
# 
#(deletion)
# 
#>|Theism is correlated with fanaticism. I have neither said that all fanatism
#>|is caused by theism nor that all theism leads to fanatism. The point is,
#>|theism increases the chance of becoming a fanatic. One could of course
#>|argue that would be fanatics tend towards theism (for example), but I just
#>|have to loook at the times in history when theism was the dominant ideology
#>|to invalidate that conclusion that that is the basic mechanism behind it.
#>
#>IMO, the influence of Stalin, or for that matter, Ayn Rand, invalidates your
#>assumption that theism is the factor to be considered.
# 
#Bogus. I just said that theism is not the only factor for fanatism.
#The point is that theism is *a* factor.

That's your claim; now back it up.  I consider your argument as useful
as the following:  Belief is strongly correlated with fanaticism.  Therefore
belief is *a* factor in fanaticism.  True, and utterly useless.  (Note, this
is *any* belief, not belief in Gods)

#>Gullibility,
#>blind obedience to authority, lack of scepticism, and so on, are all more
#>reliable indicators.  And the really dangerous people - the sources of
#>fanaticism - are often none of these things.  They are cynical manipulators
#>of the gullible, who know precisely what they are doing.
# 
#That's a claim you have to support. Please note that especially in the
#field of theism, the leaders believe what they say.

If you believe that, you're incredibly naive.

#>Now, *some*
#>brands of theism, and more precisely *some* theists, do tend to fanaticism,
#>I grant you.  To tar all theists with this brush is bigotry, not a reasoned
#>argument - and it reads to me like a warm-up for censorship and restriction
#>of religious freedom.  Ever read Animal Farm?
#>
#That's a straw man. And as usually in discussions with you one has to
#repeat it: Read what I have written above: not every theism leads to
#fanatism, and not all fanatism is caused by theism. The point is,
#there is a correlation, and it comes from innate features of theism.

No, some of it comes from features which *some* theism has in common
with *some* fanaticism.    Your last statement simply isn't implied by
what you say before, because you're trying to sneak in "innate features
of [all] theism".  The word you're groping for is "some".

#Gullibility, by the way, is one of them.

No shit, Sherlock.  So why not talk about gullibility instead of theism,
since it seems a whole lot more relevant to the case you have, as opposed
to the case you are trying to make?

#And to say that I am going to forbid religion is another of your straw
#men. Interesting that you have nothing better to offer.

I said it reads like a warm up to that.  That's because it's an irrational
and bogus tirade, and has no other use than creating a nice Them/Us 
split in the minds of excitable people such as are to be found on either
side of church walls.

#>|>(2)  Define "irrational belief".  e.g., is it rational to believe that
#>|>     reason is always useful?
#>|>
#>|
#>|Irrational belief is belief that is not based upon reason. The latter has
#>|been discussed for a long time with Charley Wingate. One point is that
#>|the beliefs violate reason often, and another that a process that does
#>|not lend itself to rational analysis does not contain reliable information.
#>
#>Well, there is a glaring paradox here:  an argument that reason is useful
#>based on reason would be circular, and argument not based on reason would
#>be irrational.  Which is it?
#>
#That's bogus. Self reference is not circular. And since the evaluation of
#usefulness is possible within rational systems, it is allowed.

O.K., it's oval.  It's still begging the question, however.  And though
that certainly is allowed, it's not rational.  And you claiming to be
rational and all.

At the risk of repeating myself, and hearing "we had that before" [we
didn't hear a _refutation_ before, so we're back.   Deal with it] :
you can't use reason to demonstrate that reason is useful.  Someone
who thinks reason is crap won't buy it, you see.

#Your argument is as silly as proving mathematical statements needs mathematics
#and mathematics are therfore circular.

Anybody else think Godel was silly?

#>The first part of the second statement contains no information, because
#>you don't say what "the beliefs" are.  If "the beliefs" are strong theism
#>and/or strong atheism, then your statement is not in general true.  The
#>second part of your sentence is patently false - counterexample: an
#>axiomatic datum does not lend itself to rational analysis, but is
#>assumed to contain reliable information regardless of what process is
#>used to obtain it.
#>
# 
#I've been speaking of religious systems with contradictory definitions
#of god here.
# 
#An axiomatic datum lends itself to rational analysis, what you say here
#is a an often refuted fallacy. Have a look at the discussion of the
#axiom of choice. And further, one can evaluate axioms in larger systems
#out of which they are usually derived. "I exist" is derived, if you want
#it that way.
#
#Further, one can test the consistency and so on of a set of axioms.
# 
#what is it you are trying to say?

That at some point, people always wind up saying "this datum is reliable" 
for no particular reason at all.  Example: "I am not dreaming".

#>|Compared the evidence theists have for their claims to the strength of
#>|their demands makes the whole thing not only irrational but antirational.
#>
#>I can't agree with this until you are specific - *which* theism?  To
#>say that all theism is necessarily antirational requires a proof which
#>I suspect you do not have.
#>
# 
#Using the traditonal definition of gods. Personal, supernatural entities
#with objective effects on this world. Usually connected to morals and/or
#the way the world works.

IMO, any belief about such gods is necessarily irrational.  That does
not mean that people who hold them are in principle opposed to the exercise of
intelligence.  Some atheists are also scientists, for example.

#>|The affinity to fanatism is easily seen. It has to be true because I believe
#>|it is nothing more than a work hypothesis. However, the beliefs say they are
#>|more than a work hypothesis.
#>
#>I don't understand this.  Can you formalise your argument?
# 
#Person A believes system B becuase it sounds so nice. That does not make
#B true, it is at best a work hypothesis. However, the content of B is that
#it is true AND that it is more than a work hypothesis. Testing or evaluating
#evidence for or against it  therefore dismissed because B (already believed)
#says it is wronG/ a waste  of time/ not possible. Depending on the further
#contents of B Amalekites/Idolaters/Protestants are to be killed, this can
#have interesting effects.

Peculiar definition of interesting, but sure.  Now show that a belief
in gods entails the further contents of which you speak.   Why aren't my 
catholic neighbours out killing the protestants, for example?   Maybe they 
don't believe in it.  Maybe it's the conjunction of "B asserts B" and
"jail/kill dissenters" that is important, and the belief in gods is
entirely irrelevant.  It certainly seems so to me, but then I have no
axe to grind here. 

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

From: dps@nasa.kodak.com (Dan Schaertel,,,)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article 21627@ousrvr.oulu.fi, kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko) writes:
|>Dan Schaertel,,, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) wrote:
|>
|>
|>I love god just as much as she loves me. If she wants to seduce me,
|>she'll know what to do. 
|>

But if He/She did you would probably consider it rape.  

|>: Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
|>: that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
|>: Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
|>: the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
|>: know more than you do now. 
|>
|>Your argument is of the type "you'll know once you try".
|>Yet there are many atheists who have sincerely tried, and believed
|>for many years, but were eventually honest enough to admit that 
|>they had lived in a virtual reality.
|>

Obviously there are many Christians who have tried and do believe. So .. ?

|>: To learn you must accept that which you don't know.
|>
|>What does this mean? To learn you must accept that you don't know 
|>something, right-o. But to learn you must _accept_ something I don't
|>know, why? This is not the way I prefer to learn. It is unwise to
|>merely swallow everything you read. Suppose I write a book telling
|>how the Great Invisible Pink Unicorn (tm) has helped me in my
|>daily problems, would you accept this, since you can't know whether
|>it is true or not?
|>

No one asks you to swallow everything, in fact Jesus warns against it.   But let
me ask you a question.  Do you beleive what you learn in history class, or for
that matter anything in school.  I mean it's just what other people have told
you and you don't want to swallow what others say. right ... ?

The life , death, and resurection of Christ is documented historical fact.  As much
as anything else you learn.  How do you choose what to believe and what not to?
I could argue that George Washington is a myth.  He never lived because I don't
have any proof except what I am told.   However all the major events of the life
of Jesus Christ were fortold hundreds of years before him.  Neat trick uh?

There is no way to get into a sceptical heart.  You can not say you have given a 
sincere effort with the attitude you seem to have.  You must TRUST, not just go 
to church and participate in it's activities.  Were you ever willing to die for what
you believed?  





From: arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee)
Subject: Re: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Constructing a Logical Argument

Here's a suggestion for the logical argument FAQ.  I don't think it's covered,
though the fallacy probably has a better name than the one I used:  How about
it, mathew?

INCONSISTENCY AND COUNTEREXAMPLE

This occurs when one party points out that some source of information takes
stand A, which is inconsistent with B.  There are two variations in which B is
either a mutually-agreed-on premise or else a stand elsewhere from the same
source.  The second party fallaciously responds by saying "see, the source
really does say B, it's right here!"; this reply does not refute the allegation
of inconsistency because it does not show that the source _only_ says B.

Example of the first type: "The Koran says unbelievers should be treated in
these ways.  We can both agree these are immoral."  "The Koran clearly says in
this other passage that unbelievers are not to be treated that way."

Example of the second type: "There are two Biblical creation stories."  "You're
wrong, since the Bible clearly describes the creation as [description]."
--
"On the first day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Leftover Turkey!
On the second day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Turkey Casserole
    that she made from Leftover Turkey.
[days 3-4 deleted] ...  Flaming Turkey Wings! ...
   -- Pizza Hut commercial (and M*tlu/A*gic bait)

Ken Arromdee (arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu)

Subject: Religion As Cause  (Was: islamic authority over women)
From: SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (Scott D. Sauyet)

Bill Conner (bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu) writes:

[ ... my stuff deleted ... ]

> I don't have to make outrageous claims about religion's affecting and
> effecting history, for the purpsoe of a.a, all I have to do point out
> that many claims made here are wrong and do nothing to validate
> atheism. 

Bill, you seem to have erroneously assumed that this board has as its
sole purpose the validation of atheism.  It doesn't.  This board is
used to discuss atheism as a philosophy, to share posters' experiences
regarding atheism, to debunk various theisms and theism as a whole, to
share resources relating to atheism, and even to socialize with others
with similar views.  And of course with the number of theists who come
here to preach, it is also used to argue the case for atheism. 


>           At no time have I made any statement that religion was the
> sole cause of anything, what I have done is point out that those who
> do make that kind of claim are mistaken, usually deliberately. 

If you want to accuse people of lying, please do so directly.  The
phrase "deliberately mistaken" is rather oxymoronic.

 
> To credit religion with the awesome power to dominate history is to
> misunderstand human nature, the function of religion and of course,
> history. I believe that those who distort history in this way know
> exaclty what they're doing, and do it only for affect.

The two forms of theism most often discussed here these days are
Christianity and Islam.  Both of these claim to make their followers
into good people, and claim that much of benefit to humanity has been
accomplished through their faiths.  IMHO they are right.  The American
Friends Service Committee (Quaker), Catholic Relief Services, Bread
For The World, Salvation Army soup kitchens, and Mother Theresa spring
to mind.  (Can someone with more knowledge of Islam supply the names
of some analagous Islamic groups?)  

When Mother Theresa claims that her work is an outgrowth of her
Christianity, I believe her.  Her form of theism ascribes to her deity
such a benevolence toward humanity that it would be wrong not to care
for those in need.  The point is that such a philosophy does have the
power to change the behavior of individuals;  if it is widespread
enough, it can change societies.

The same works for the horrors of history.  To claim that Christianity
had little to do with the Crusades or the Inquisition is to deny the
awesome power that comes from faith in an absolute.  What it seems you
are doing twisting the reasonable statement that religion was never
the solitary cause of any evil into the unreasonable statement that
religion has had no evil impacts on history.  That is absurd.

 -- Scott Sauyet            ssauyet@eagle.wesleyan.edu

From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Books

edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary) writes:
> While we're on the topic of books, has anyone else noticed that Paine's
> "The Age of Reason" is hard to find.  I've been wanting to pick up
> a copy for a while, but not bad enough to mail order it.  I've noticed
> though that none of the bookstores I go to seem to carry it.  I thought
> this was supposed to be classic.  What's the deal?

Actually, I've got an entire list of books written by various atheist
authors and I went to the largest bookstore in my area (Pittsburgh) and
couldn't find _any_ of them.  What section of the bookstore do you find
these kinds of books in?  Do you have to look in an "alternative" bookstore
for most of them?  Any help would be appreciated (I can send you the list
if you want).

Thanks,
Nanci
.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
The fate of the country does not depend on what kind of paper you drop into
the ballot box once a year, but on what kind of man you drop from your
chamber into the street every morning.


From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: College atheists

nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye) writes:
> I read an article about a poll done of students at the Ivy League
> schools in which it was reported that a third of the students
> indentified themselves as atheists.  This is a lot higher than among the
> general population.  I wonder what the reasons for this discrepancy are?
> Is it because they are more intelligent?  Younger?  Is this the wave of
> the future?

I would guess that it probably has something to do with the ease of which
ideas and thoughts are communicated on a college campus.  In the real world
(tm) it's easier for theists (well, people in general really) to lock
themselves into a little bubble where they only see and talk to those
people who are of the same opinion as they are.  In college you are
constantly surrounded by and have to interact with people who have
different ideas about life, the universe, and everything.  It is much much
harder to build a bubble around yourself to keep everyone else's ideas from
reaching you.

So, in a world where theists are forced to contend with and listen to
atheists and theists of other religions some are bound to have a change in
their beliefs over four years.  There is nowhere to run.... :-)

> David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
> This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
> must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Nanci
.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
The fate of the country does not depend on what kind of paper you drop into
the ballot box once a year, but on what kind of man you drop from your
chamber into the street every morning.


From:  (Rashid)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr22.132909.5001@nic.csu.net>,
davec@silicon.csci.csusb.edu (Dave Choweller) wrote:
> 
> In article <1993Apr22.004405.28052@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:
> [stuff deleted...]
> >The point of my post was that Rushdie was not being condemned solely
> >for the "words" in his book (although this was certainly a contributing
> >factor). It was the whole series of actions of Rushdie and his
> >publishers following the publication of the book and the initial media
> >spotlight placed on the book, that (in large part) led to the fatwa. The
> >kind of fatwa levelled against Rushdie is not lightly placed and there
> >are any number of anti-Islamic writers both within and outside the
> >Islamic world who have not had fatwas made against them. Here, someone
> >who adds fuel to an explosive situation, might be charged with incitement
> >to riot - if people die in the rioting the charges against him might
> >become even more serious.
> 
> How can Rushdie be blamed for the deaths of people who are demonstrating
> against him?  The deaths should be blamed on the people who dealt with
> the demonstrations, or on the demonstrators themselves, if they were
> violent.  To what lengths will you go to justify this barbaric behaviour
> against Rushdie?

Once the Rushdie situation exploded into the media, the Muslim voice on
the matter of the book was effectively restricted to short video bytes
showing
the dramatic highlights of Muslim demonstrations. For every twenty or so
newspaper, magazine articles, interviews etc. supporting Rushdie, there
would
appear one Muslim voice. This person was usually selected based on how
dramatic and incoherent he was, not on his knowledge of Islam or the
situation at the time. This approx. twenty to one ratio continued
throughout the escalation of the crisis, with Rushdie in the central
spotlight as the man of the moment, the valiant defender of everyman's
right to free speech decoupled from responsibility. (As an aside, it's
interesting that while the hue and cry about freedom of speech went up,
some books (defaming certain ethnic and religious groups) continued
to be banned here. It was felt that they injured the sensibilities of these

groups and presented a false image which could promote feelings of 
hate towards these groups. For Muslims this kind of double standard 
was annoying.)

Rushdie saw this spotlight as a golden opportunity to lash out at
"organized"
Islam, and he did so with admirable verbal skill. The only kind of Islam
which Rushdie finds palatable is what he calls a "secular" Islam - an Islam
separated from it's Qur'an, it's Prophet, God, its legislation, and most
importantly from any intrusion into any political arena. Fine - Rushdie
made
his views known - the Muslim's made their anger at his book known. The
scale of the whole affair erupted into global proportions - it was, by this
time,
already a political situation - affecting governments as well as
individuals.
The situation was a serious one, with far-reaching political implications.
At the centre of this turmoil was Rushdie, throwing fuel on the fire -
engaged
in a personal crusade that made him oblivious to any sense of caution.

Now you may feel that the person in the centre of a worldwide storm such as

this has no responsibility, has no reason to exercise restraint of any
kind, has no
obligation to perhaps step back momentarily out of the spotlight till
matters calm down. Perhaps you even feel that he is justified in "boldly"
defying the anger of all those who dare to take umbrage at his literary
work, no matter what insult they find within it. Perhaps you see him as
a kind of secular "heroic Knight",mounted on the his media steed,
 doing battle with the "dragon" of Islamic "fundamentalism".

Well Khomeini saw him as a disingeneous author who 
grew up in a Muslim atmosphere, knew well what Muslim's hold dear, 
who wrote a book which mischievously uses certain literary conventions
to slander, insult, and attack Islam and its most notable personalities -
who, when
faced with a situation that became a worldwide crisis, continued with
his mischief in the world stage of the media - who, even after people were
injured and killed because of the magnitude and emotion of the situation,
continued his mischief, instead of having the good sense to desist.
Khomeini saw the crisis as mischief making on a grand scale, mischief
making that grew in scale as the scale of the crisis enlarged. The deaths
of Muslims around the world and Rushdie's continued media mischief
even after this, was the triggering factor that seemed to
decide Khomeini on putting a stop to the mischief. The person at the
centre of all these events was Rushdie - he was the source of the
continuing mischief - all media support, government support was
just that - support. The source was Rushdie (and his publishers, who
were nothing short of ecstatic at the publicity and were very happy
to see Rushdie constantly in the media). The Islamic rulings that
deal with people who engage in this kind of grand-scale mischief
making, was applied to Rushdie.

>You're attempts at justification are not doing the
> image of Islam any good.

I have made no attempts at justification, only at explanation. "Image" is
the chief concern of Muslim 'apologists' for Islam and for Rushdie.
If Muslims willingly relegated themselves to becoming a sub-culture
within a larger secular culture, such that the secular principles and laws
had precedence over the laws of Islam - then I have no doubt that Islam
would then be thought to have a good "image" (Principally because it would
by and large reflect the secular image). A "good image" usually means " be
more
like me".

Your attempts at TOTALLY exonerating Rushdie reflect exactly the attitude
that
resulted in the polarization brought about by the crisis.

>  In Iran, the situation was monitored for many
> >months - when Rushdie kept adding fuel to the flames through the free
> >worldwide voice that the media gave him, the situation was monitored
> >more seriously. When, even after many deaths occured worldwide, Rushdie
> >still did not desist - the fatwa was pronounced. When behaving like
> >a total jerk endangers lives, and the jerk sees this and still insists
> >on his right to behave like a total jerk - he has the rug jerked out
> >from under him.
> 
> If the muslims didn't make such a big fuss over the book, like issuing
> death threats, and killing publishers, NO ONE WOULD HAVE HEARD OF IT.

The fatwa came later - much later. If Rushdie didn't mouth off so much in
the
media, the fuss would have died down - no one would have been killed, no
fatwa would have been passed - the whole episode would have fizzled away.

Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?
From: sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed)

In article <116547@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>Yes. The Qur'an discusses this point in several ways, some of
>them quite directly. For example, it says that if God _were_
>to appear them there would be no need for faith and belief as
>the evidence would be definitive.

Ah! Excellent. So why doesn't she appear to me? I'm a little weak in the
blind faith department. (Besides, she doesn't even really need to appear:
how about, oh say, a little tip - something like "put your all on #3 in the
7:30 at the Dog Races" ... perhaps in a dream or vision.)

>>How do we know that
>>Muhammed didn't just go out into the desert and smoke something? 
>
>Would a person who was high write so well and with such consistency?

I'm afraid I don't know arabic; I have only read translations. I wouldn't
know it if it were well-written. (Consistent, though, is one thing the Quran
is not.)  And have *you* read it in arabic?  Besides, some of my best
writing has been done under the influence of, shall we say, consciousness
altering substances.

>>And how
>>do we know that the scribes he dictated the Quran to didn't screw up, or
>>put in their own little verses? 
>
>They'd have to be very good to do so without destroying the beauty
>and literary quality of text Arabic text. 

Yes, so? How do we know they *weren't* very good? (Again, assuming that the
Quran is beautfully written.)

>>And why can Muhammed marry more than four women, 
>>when no other muslim is allowed to? 
>
>Muhammad did not exceed the number _after_ the revelation regulating
>the number of wives a man could marry, but before it.

Ok, I retract this point. (Although I might still say that once he knew, he
should have done something about it.)

>>(Although I think the biggest
>>insult to Islam is that the majority of its followers would want to
>>suppress a book, sight unseen, on the say-so of some "holy" guy. Not to
>>mention murder the author.)
>
>I agree. But is it really true that this is the case?

I haven't interviewed all muslims about this; I would really like it if this
were false. But I can't take it on your say-so - what are your sources?

>Another case of judging principles on the basis of those who claim
>to follow them.

What other basis do we have to judge a system? Especially when we can't get
a consistent picture of what Islam "really" is. Do I believe Khomeini? Do I
go by the Imam of the mosque in Mecca? Or perhaps the guy in New Jersey? Or
perhaps you say I should go only by the Quran. Ok, whose translation? And
what about things like "And wherever you find idolators, kill them"?

-s
--
  Shamim Mohamed / {uunet,noao,cmcl2..}!arizona!shamim / shamim@cs.arizona.edu
  "Take this cross and garlic; here's a Mezuzah if he's Jewish; a page of the
    Koran if he's a Muslim; and if he's a Zen Buddhist, you're on your own."
   Member of the League for Programming Freedom - write to lpf@uunet.uu.net

Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie
From: kmagnacca@eagle.wesleyan.edu

In article <115621@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
> In article <1993Apr15.135650.28926@st-andrews.ac.uk> nrp@st-andrews.ac.uk (Norman R. Paterson) writes:
> 
>>I don't think you're right about Germany.  My daughter was born there and
>>I don't think she has any German rights eg to vote or live there (beyond the
>>rights of all EC citizens).  She is a British citizen by virtue of
>>her parentage, but that's not "full" citizenship.  For example, I don't think
>>her children could be British by virtue of her in the same way.
> 
> I am fairly sure that she could obtain citizenship by making an
> application for it. It might require immigration to Germany, but
> I am almost certain that once applied for citizenship is inevitable
> in this case.

Nope, Germany has extremely restrictive citizenship laws.  The 
ethnic Germans who have lived in Russia for over 100 years 
automatically become citizens if they move to Germany, but the
Turks who are now in their third generation in Germany can't.
It's not a very good example to show citizenship without descent.

Karl
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| "Lastly, I come to China in the hope      | "All you touch and all you see  |
| of fulfilling a lifelong ambition -       | Is all your life will ever be." |
| dropping acid on the Great Wall."  --Duke |                 --Pink Floyd    |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|         A Lie is still a Lie even if 3.8 billion people believe it.         |
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

>>>>> On Fri, 16 Apr 1993 15:50:02 EDT, <JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu> said:

J> YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
J> PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!

Hmm, I've got my MST3K lunch box, my travel scrabble, and a couple of
kegs of Bass Ale.  I'm all set!  Let's go everybody! 
--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <16BB112525.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
 
>I assume that you  say here a religious law is for the followers of the
>religion. That begs the question why the religion has the right to define
>who is a follower even when the offenders disagree.

No, I say religious law applies to those who are categorized as
belonging to the religion when event being judged applies. This
prevents situations in which someone is a member of a religion
who, when charged, claims that he/she was _not_ a member of the
religion so they are free to go on as if nothing had happened.



Gregg



From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <16BB112949.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>In article <115287@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

 
>>>>>A brutal system filtered through "leniency" is not lenient.


>>>>Huh?


>>>How do you rate public floggings or floggings at all? Chopping off the
>>>hands, heads, or other body  parts? What about stoning?


>>I don't have a problem with floggings, particularly, when the offenders
>>have been given a chance to change their behavior before floggings are
>>given. I do have a problem with maiming in general, by whatever means.
>>In my opinion no-one who has not maimed another should be maimed. In
>>the case of rape the victim _is_ maimed, physically and emotionally,
>>so I wouldn't have a problem with maiming rapists. Obviously I wouldn't
>>have a problem with maiming murderers either.


>May I ask if you had the same opinion before you became a Muslim?



Sure. Yes, I did. You see I don't think that rape and murder should
be dealt with lightly. You, being so interested in leniency for
leniency's sake, apparently think that people should simply be
told the "did a _bad_ thing."


>And what about the simple chance of misjudgements?

Misjudgments should be avoided as much as possible.
I suspect that it's pretty unlikely that, given my requirement
of repeated offenses, that misjudgments are very likely.

 
>>>>>>"Orient" is not a place having a single character. Your ignorance
>>>>>>exposes itself nicely here.


>>>>>Read carefully, I have not said all the Orient shows primitive machism.


>>>>Well then, why not use more specific words than "Orient"? Probably
>>>>because in your mind there is no need to (it's all the same).


>>>Because it contains sufficient information. While more detail is possible,
>>>it is not necessary.


>>And Europe shows civilized bullshit. This is bullshit. Time to put out
>>or shut up. You've substantiated nothing and are blabbering on like
>>"Islamists" who talk about the West as the "Great Satan." You're both
>>guilty of stupidities.


>I just love to compare such lines to the common plea of your fellow believers
>not to call each others names. In this case, to substantiate it: The Quran
>allows that one beATs one's wife into submission. 


Really? Care to give chapter and verse? We could discuss it.


>Primitive Machism refers to
>that. (I have misspelt that before, my fault).
 

Again, not all of the Orient follows the Qur'an. So you'll have to do
better than that.


Sorry, you haven't "put out" enough.

 
>>>Islam expresses extramarital sex. Extramarital sex is a subset of sex. It is
>>>suppressedin Islam. That marial sexis  allowed or encouraged in Islam, as
>>>it is in many branches of Christianity, too, misses the point.

>>>Read the part about the urge for sex again. Religions that run around telling
>>>people how to have sex are not my piece of cake for two reasons: Suppressing
>>>a strong urge needs  strong measures, and it is not their business anyway.

>>Believe what you wish. I thought you were trying to make an argument.
>>All I am reading are opinions.
 
>It is an argument. That you doubt the validity of the premises does not change
>it. If you want to criticize it, do so. Time for you to put up or shut up.



This is an argument for why _you_ don't like religions that suppress
sex. A such it's an irrelevant argument.

If you'd like to generalize it to an objective statement then 
fine. My response is then: you have given no reason for your statement
that sex is not the business of religion (one of your "arguments").

The urge for sex in adolescents is not so strong that any overly strong
measures are required to suppress it. If the urge to have sex is so
strong in an adult then that adult can make a commensurate effort to
find a marriage partner.



Gregg







From: qpliu@phoenix.Princeton.EDU (q.p.liu)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <kmr4.1575.734879106@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>In article <1993Apr15.000406.10984@Princeton.EDU> qpliu@phoenix.Princeton.EDU (q.p.liu) writes:
>
>>>So while Faith itself is a Gift, obedience is what makes Faith possible.
>>What makes obeying different from believing?

>	I am still wondering how it is that I am to be obedient, when I have 
>no idea to whom I am to be obedient!

It is all written in _The_Wholly_Babble:_the_Users_Guide_to_Invisible_
_Pink_Unicorns_.

To be granted faith in invisible pink unicorns, you must read the Babble,
and obey what is written in it.

To obey what is written in the Babble, you must believe that doing so is
the way to be granted faith in invisible pink unicorns.

To believe that obeying what is written in the Babble leads to believing
in invisible pink unicorns, you must, essentially, believe in invisible
pink unicorns.

This bit of circular reasoning begs the question:
What makes obeying different from believing?
-- 
qpliu@princeton.edu           Standard opinion: Opinions are delta-correlated.

From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr15.215833.15970@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:


>> What about the Twelve Imams, who he considered incapable of error
>> or sin? Khomeini supports this view of the Twelve Imans. This is
>> heresy for the very reasons I gave above. 


>I would be happy to discuss the  issue of the 12 Imams with you, although
>my preference would be to move the discussion to another
>newsgroup.  I feel a philosophy or religion group would be more 
>appropriate. 


I think many reading this group would also benefit by knowing how
deviant the view _as I've articulated it above_ (which may not be
the true view of Khomeini) is from the basic principles of Islam. 
So that the non-muslim readers of this group will see how far from 
the simple basics of Islam such views are on the face of them. And 
if they are _not_ in contradiction with the basics of Islam, how 
subtle such issues are and how it seems sects exist in Islam while 
they are explicitly proscribed by the Qur'an.


>The topic is deeply embedded in the world view of Islam and the
>esoteric teachings of the Prophet (S.A.). Heresy does not enter
>into it at all except for those who see Islam only as an exoteric
>religion that is only nominally (if at all) concerned with the metaphysical
>substance of man's being and nature.


In my opinion considering any human being as having a substance
or metaphysical fundamentally different from that of any other human
being _is_ a heretical notion and one proscribed by Islam. 


>From your posts, you seem fairly well versed in Sunni thought. You
>should seek to know Shi'ite thought through knowledgeable 
>Shi'ite authors as well - at least that much respect is due before the
>charge of heresy is levelled.


Absolutely! I would be interested in discussing this privately and
I am interested in hearing how one might try to make the concept of
error-free and sinless human beings philosophically consistent with
the teachings of the Qur'an. However, _prima facie_ such attemptsa
are highly susceptible to degenerating into monkery, explicitly
proscribed by the Qur'an.


>As salaam a-laikum

Alaikum Wassalam


Gregg


From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: KORESH IS GOD!

>DATE:   Fri, 16 Apr 1993 14:15:20 +0100
>FROM:   mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
>
>The latest news seems to be that Koresh will give himself up once he's
>finished writing a sequel to the Bible.
>
>mathew

Writing the Seven Seals or something along those lines.  He's already
written the first of the Seven which was around 30 pages or so and has
handed it over to an assistant for PROOFREADING!.  I would expect any
decent messiah to have a built-in spellchecker.  Maybe Koresh 2.0 will
come with one.



From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was

>DATE:   Fri, 16 Apr 1993 15:23:54 GMT
>FROM:   Umar Khan <khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil>
>
> His conclusion was that,
>while he was impressed that what little the Holy Qur'an had to
>say about science was accurate, he was far more impressed that the
>Holy Qur'an did not contain the same rampant errors evidenced in
>the Traditions.  How would a man of 7th Century Arabia have known
>what *not to include* in the Holy Qur'an (assuming he had authored
>it)?  
>
Well, it looks like the folks in soc.religion.islam have loosened up
a bit and are discussing this topic as well as the banking/interest
topic.  A few books on the subject have also been mentioned in addition
to the one you mentioned.  These may be hard to find, but I think I may
take a stab at it out of curiosity.  I know the one film I saw on this
subject was pretty weak and the only two quotes I have seen which were
used to show science in the Koran (which I posted here) were also pretty 
vague.  I suspect that these books will extrapolate an awful lot on the
quotes they have.

At least one poster on the Islam channel seems to have some misgivings
about the practice of using the Koran to decide what is good science.

I wonder if Islam has ever come up with the equivalent of the Christians
"Creation Science" on any topic.  It would be interesting to find a history
of scientific interpretations of the Koran, to see if anyone used the Koran
to support earlier science which has since been discarded.  It is all too
easy to look at science as it exists today and then "interpret" passages
to match those findings.  People do similar things with the sayings of
Nostradamus all the time.

Anyway, it is a rather unique claim of Islam and may be worth checking.



From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Keith IS a relativist!

9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au (The Desert Brat) writes:

>Keith, if you start wafffling on about how it is different for a human
>to maul someone thrown into it's cage (so to speak), you'd better start
>posting tome decent evidence or retract your 'I think there is an absolute
>morality' blurb a few weeks ago.

Did I claim that there was an absolute morality, or just an objective one?

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>Perhaps the chimps that failed to evolve cooperative behaviour
>died out, and we are left with the ones that did evolve such
>behaviour, entirely by chance.

That's the entire point!

>Are you going to proclaim a natural morality every time an
>organism evolves cooperative behaviour?

Yes!

Natural morality is a morality that developed naturally.

>What about the natural morality of bee dance?

Huh?

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:

>> Which type of morality are you talking about?  In a natural sense, it
>> is not at all immoral to harm another species (as long as it doesn't
>> adversely affect your own, I guess).
>Hehehe, so you say, but this objective morality somehere tells you 
>that this is not the case, and you don't know all the rules of such
>transcendental game systems...

Which objective system are you talking about?  What is its goal?
Again, which brand of morality are you talking about?

keith

From: jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr16.222525.16024@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:
>In article <1993Apr16.171722.159590@zeus.calpoly.edu>,
>jmunch@hertz.elee.calpoly.edu (John Munch) wrote:
>> 
>> In article <1993Apr15.212943.15118@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:
>> >P.S. I'm not sure about this but I think the charge of "shatim" also
>> >applies to Rushdie and may be encompassed under the umbrella
>> >of the "fasad" ruling.
>> 
>> Please define the words "shatim" and "fasad" before you use them again.
>
>My apologies. "Shatim", I believe, refers to slandering or spreading
>slander and lies about the Prophets(a.s) - any of the Prophets.

Basically, any prophet I've ever dealt with has either been busy 
hawking stolen merchandise or selling swampland house lots in 
Florida.  Then you hear all the stories of sexual abuse by prophets
and how the families of victims were paid to keep quiet about it.

>It's a kind of willful caulmny and "cursing" that's indicated by the
>word. This is the best explanation I can come up with off the top
>of my head - I'll try and look up a more technical definition when I
>have the time.

Never mind that, but let me tell you about this Chevelle I bought 
from this dude (you guessed it, a prophet) named Mohammed.  I've
got the car for like two days when the tranny kicks, then Manny, 
my mechanic, tells me it was loaded with sawdust!  Take a guess
whether "Mohammed" was anywhere to be found.  I don't think so.

>
>"Fasad" is a little more difficult to describe. Again, this is not
>a technical definition - I'll try and get that later. Literally,

Oh, Mohammed!

>the word "fasad" means mischief. But it's a mischief on the order of
>magnitude indicated by the word "corruption". It's when someone who
>is doing something wrong to begin with, seeks to escalate the hurt,

Yeah, you, Mohammed!

>disorder, concern, harm etc. (the mischief) initially caused by their 
>actions. The "wrong" is specifically related to attacks against
>"God and His Messenger" and mischief, corruption, disorder etc.

You slimy mass of pond scum!

>resulting from that. The attack need not be a physical attack and there
>are different levels of penalty proscribed, depending on the extent
>of the mischief and whether the person or persons sought to 
>"make hay" of the situation. The severest punishment is death.

Yeah, right!  You're the one should be watching your butt.  You and
your buddy Allah.  The stereo he sold me croaked after two days.
Your ass is grass!

Jim

Yeah, that's right, Jim.

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:

>>They spent quite a bit of time on the wording of the Constitution.  They
>>picked words whose meanings implied the intent.  We have already looked
>>in the dictionary to define the word.  Isn't this sufficient?
>We only need to ask the question: what did the founding fathers 
>consider cruel and unusual punishment?

>Hanging? Hanging there slowing being strangled would be very 
>painful, both physically and psychologicall, I imagine.

Well, most hangings are very quick and, I imagine, painless.

>Firing squad ? [ note: not a clean way to die back in those 
>days ], etc. 
>All would be considered cruel under your definition.
>All were allowed under the constitution by the founding fathers.

And, hangings and firing squads are allowed today, too.  And, if these
things were not considered cruel, then surely a medical execution
(painless) would not be, either.

keith

From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>They spent quite a bit of time on the wording of the Constitution. 
>I realise that this is widely held belief in America, but in fact
>the clause on cruel and unusual punishments, like a lot of the
>rest, was lifted from the English Bill of Rights of 1689.

Just because the wording is elsewhere does not mean they didn't spend
much time on the wording.

>>We have already looked in the dictionary to define the word.  Isn't 
>>this sufficient?
>Since the dictionary said that a lack of mercy or an intent to
>inflict injury or grief counted as "cruel", sure.

People can be described as cruel in this way, but punishments cannot.

keith

From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <115686@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>No, I say religious law applies to those who are categorized as
>belonging to the religion when event being judged applies. This


	Who does the categorizing?

	
---  

  " I'd Cheat on Hillary Too."

   John Laws
   Local GOP Reprehensitive
   Extolling "Traditional Family Values."





From: dekorte@dirac.scri.fsu.edu (Stephen L. DeKorte)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?


I saw a 3 hour show on PBS the other day about the history of the
Jews. Appearently, the Cursades(a religious war agianst the muslilams
in 'the holy land') sparked the widespread persecution of muslilams 
and jews in europe. Among the supporters of the persiecution, were none 
other than Martin Luther, and the Vatican.

Later, Hitler would use Luthers writings to justify his own treatment
of the jews.
> Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

SD

From: danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock)
Subject: Re: Societal basis for morality

In article <C5zu3K.FzD@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>1)On what basis can we say that the actions of another society, (as per Hitler
>comment) are wrong?

Ultimately it rests with personal opinion...in my opinion. :-) 

>2)Why does majority make right?

The question doesn't make sense to me. Maybe it would be better to ask,
"What makes a democracy better than [for example] a totalitarian
regim?"

Dan


From: lamontg@u.washington.edu
Subject: Re: High Times A Comin'!!!!!!!

verdant@ucs.umass.edu (Sol Lightman) writes:
>My theory, though yet unproven, is that this is due to simple envy.

no its not.

its due to the fact that there are two issues here: Religion and religion.

religion is personal belief system.
Religion is a memetic virus.

people loudly proclaiming their beliefs are crossing the border from
religion -> Religion.  people that want to "save" others are firmly
entrenched in Religion ("memoids").

rule #1 of not practicing Religion is to shut the fuck up, unless
you discuss it politely.  this means that the motive behind the conversation
is not only your self-gratifying wish to spread the word.  

religion is something that ultimately comes from within a person, and
reflects their value judgements.  Religion is something that is
contracted from others and does not reflect the persons value judgements
(other than perhaps "i think i'll be brainwashed today").

Religion is a drug...

i believe you can discuss religion.  however, the post that started this
off was not intented as discussion, it was more a proclamation of
someones Religion.

if you think i'm talking about censorship or that i'm closeminded you haven't
understood this.  i don't have any problem with the discussion of 
religion, its just Religion that i can't stand...


From: lamontg@u.washington.edu
Subject: Re: High Times A Comin'!!!!!!!

rubble@leland.Stanford.EDU (Adam Heath Clark) writes:
>	It seems a very large part of Christianity is based on the notion that
>it is the _right_ religion, and that just about any other way of looking at
>the universe is flat-out wrong.  In the old days we had the Inquisition and the
>burning of heretics; now we have Pat Buchanan trying to start some cultural
>war because he can't stand to live in the same country as all these other,
>non-"God fearing" people.

its a survival trait.  there are only a fixed number of resources (people)
for religions to inhabit.  the doctrines of intolerance and not using
birth control are devices whereby the meme of the (capital-R) Religion
of Christianity gains a larger share of the population than its memetic
competitors.


From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1qnpa6INN8av@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>>Hanging? Hanging there slowing being strangled would be very 
>>painful, both physically and psychologicall, I imagine.
>
>Well, most hangings are very quick and, I imagine, painless.

	I think this is a misnomer.

>
>>Firing squad ? [ note: not a clean way to die back in those 
>>days ], etc. 
>>All would be considered cruel under your definition.
>>All were allowed under the constitution by the founding fathers.
>
>And, hangings and firing squads are allowed today, too.  And, if these
>things were not considered cruel, then surely a medical execution
>(painless) would not be, either.

	But, this just shows then that painful execution is not considered 
"cruel" and unusual punishment. This shows that "cruel" as used in the 
constitution does NOT refer to whether or not the punishment causes physical 
pain.
	Rather, it must be a different meaning.

---  

  " I'd Cheat on Hillary Too."

   John Laws
   Local GOP Reprehensitive
   Extolling "Traditional Family Values."





From: mayne@pipe.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <1993Apr21.184959.9451@dcs.warwick.ac.uk> simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale) writes:
>
>Dan, I'm concerned that you are in grave spiritual danger because of your
>stubborn refusal to love and accept into your heart the Mighty Invisible
>Pink Unicorn...[Nice parody deleted.]

>I shall pray for you. In fact, brother, I cast out the demon which binds you
>in the Name of the Mighty Invisible Pink Unicorn. Dan, you must have *faith*!

Then you better pray for me, too, because I believe that the Mighty
Invisibile Pink Unicorn does not exist. One being cannot be both "Pink"
and "Invisible." The demon (or should that be daemon?) that keeps me
from believing and saving my soul is named Logic.

Bill Mayne

From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?

In article <37410@optima.cs.arizona.edu> sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed) writes:
>In article <1r1cl7INNknk@bozo.dsinc.com> perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:
>>Anyway, since I seem to be the only one following this particular line
>>of discussion, I wonder how many of the rest of the readership have
>>read this book?  What are your thoughts on it?  
>
>I read it when it first came out[...]
>And I *liked* it. [...]
>At the time I still "sorta-kinda" thought of myself as a muslim, and I
>couldn't see what the flap was all about. [...]

Thank you.  I now know at least that though I may be on drugs, at
least I'm not the only one.

>The writing style was a little hard to get used to, but
>it was well worth the effort. Coming from a similar background (Rushdie
>grew up in Bombay in a muslim family, and moved to England; I grew up in
>New Delhi), it made a strong impression on me.  (And he used many of the
>strange constructions of Indian English: the "yaar" at the end of a
>sentence, "Butbutbut," the occasional hindi phrase, etc.)

Yes, this took some getting used to -- of course not having an Indian
connection, no knowledge of hindi, etc., this was not trivial for me.
I did have, thanks to the wonders of the net, "A Glossary to *Satanic
Verses*", posted to rec.arts.books by Vijay Raghavan, which explains a
lot of the Indian English constructions, Indian culture references,
even the Islamic references ("Jahilia", "Submission", the context of
the Satanic Verses incident, etc.) -- what I have only covers the
first couple of hundred pages, but it helped me get into the flow of
the novel [I can mail this to anyone interested; if anyone has
portions after part I, if they exist, I'd like to get those].
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

From: rjg@doe.carleton.ca (Richard Griffith)
Subject: Re: Burden of Proof

In <1r4b59$7hg@aurora.engr.LaTech.edu> ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill Ray) writes:

>If I make a statement, "That God exists, loves me, etc." but in no way
>insist that you believe it, does that place a burden of proof upon me.
>If you insist that God doesn't exist, does that place a burden of proof 
>upon you?  I give no proofs, I only give testimony to my beliefs.  I will
>respond to proofs that you attempt to disprove my beliefs.

What is your reaction to people who claim they were abducted by space aliens?

Some of these people say, "I was abducted, experimented on, etc."
If we insist that these aliens don't exist is the burden of proof placed on
us. These people can give no hard facts but can give a lot of testimony to
back up their beliefs.

Replace <space aliens> with <elvis>, <big foot>, <blue unicorns>, 
and we have a larger percentage of the population than I like to think
about.

Sometimes I wonder if reality really is a different experience for everone.


From: mikec@sail.LABS.TEK.COM (Micheal Cranford)
Subject: Re: Rawlins debunks creationism

John E. King (king@ctron.com) posts a whopping one liner:

 * "The modern theory of evolution is so inadequate that it deserves to be *
 *  treated as a matter of faith." -- Francis Hitching                     *

  I have a few points to make about the above posting.

    1. Science is not based on and does not consist of "quotes" from either
    real or alleged experts.  Critical reasoning, evidence and (if possible)
    experimentation are necessary.  Creationists frequently display a massive
    confusion about this by merely quoting both non-experts and experts alike
    (some of the latter quotes are in fact false) and steadfastly refusing to
    follow any kind of rigorous scientific procedure.  This strongly suggests
    that (a.) their claims completely lack any scientific merit and (b.) they
    are aware of this fatal deficiency.  Of course, you may not actually be a
    creationist and this may not be your real intent.

    2. You have failed to identify Hitching and the surrounding context of his
    statement.  Why is that?  If Hitching is a scientific illiterate then the
    quote would merely display his profound ignorance of evolutionary biology.
    Creationists are frequently known to quote real scientists out of context
    and to fabricate statements that they subsequently attribute to legitimate
    scientists.  Of course, you may not actually be a creationist and this may
    not be your real intent.

    3. Evidence supporting the alleged inadequacies of "the modern theory of
    evolution" would be a much more powerful argument than a contextless one
    line quote from an unidentified nobody.  It is also important to note that
    disproving biological evolution does not automatically prove some alternate
    claims any more that disproving that the earth is shaped like a hockey puck
    proves that it is a hyperbolic paraboloid.  Creationists seem rather fond
    of diving (head first) into this logical fallacy.  Of course, you may not
    actually be a creationist and this may not be your real intent.

    4. Since evolution is central to virtually all of modern science, an attack
    on evolution (either the fact or the theory) really represents an attack on
    science.  While the theory will unquestionably continue to evolve (B^) the
    fact of evolution will not ever go away.  Creationists lost the battle long
    ago (more than 100 years in fact) but are simply too willfully ignorant and
    irrational to acknowledge the fact.  Of course, you may not actually be a
    creationist and you may not really be that ignorant.


Warren Kurt vonRoeschlaub (kv07@IASTATE.EDU) asks:

 * Neither I, nor Webster's has ever heard of Francis Hitchings.  Who is he? *

  I, like Hitchings, am not to be found in Webster's B^).  Francis Hitchings
is a scientifically illiterate creationist (or perhaps he is just playing the
part of one) who wrote a quite ignorant book attacking evolution ("The Neck of
the Giraffe").  In that publication he quotes a creationist (Jean Sloat Morton)
using the standard invalid creationist probability argument that proteins could
not have formed by chance.  Thus not only confusing abiogenesis with evolution
(the two are quite independent) but also concluding with a "non sequitur" (i.e.
the conclusion "does not follow"). [pp 70-71]  Hitchings also misquotes Richard
Lewontin in an effort to support creationism. [pp 84]

  Hitchings book was reviewed by National Park Service ecologist David Graber
in the Los Angeles Times (and repeated in the Oregonian).  The article was
titled "`Giraffe' sticks scientific neck out too far".  Excerpts include :

  "Francis Hitchings is not a biologist."  "He goes after Darwin like Mark
  Antony after Brutus.  He flips from scientific reasoning to mysticism and
  pseudo-science with the sinuosity of a snake-oil salesman."  "He suggests
  a mystical `organizing principle' of life, using the similarity of organs
  in different creatures as evidence [sic]."

  Note that the last statement above is actually evidence FOR evolution not
against it.  If John E. King is quoting from this reviewed book it wouldn't
surprise me much.  It's also interesting that King had nothing to add (i.e.
he only posted a quote).


  UUCP:  uunet!tektronix!sail!mikec  or                  M.Cranford
         uunet!tektronix!sail.labs.tek.com!mikec         Principal Troll
  ARPA:  mikec%sail.LABS.TEK.COM@RELAY.CS.NET            Resident Skeptic
  CSNet: mikec@sail.LABS.TEK.COM                         TekLabs, Tektronix


From: conor@owlnet.rice.edu (Conor Frederick Prischmann)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

In article <C60A0s.DvI@mailer.cc.fsu.edu> dekorte@dirac.scri.fsu.edu (Stephen L. DeKorte) writes:
>
>I saw a 3 hour show on PBS the other day about the history of the
>Jews. Appearently, the Cursades(a religious war agianst the muslilams
>in 'the holy land') sparked the widespread persecution of muslilams 
>and jews in europe. Among the supporters of the persiecution, were none 
>other than Martin Luther, and the Vatican.
>
>Later, Hitler would use Luthers writings to justify his own treatment
>of the jews.
>> Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

Heck, I remember reading a quote of Luther as something like: "Jews should
be shot like deer."  And of course much Catholic doctrine for centuries was 
extremely anti-Semitic.



-- 
"Are you so sure that your truth and your justice are worth more than the
truths and justices of other centuries?" - Simone de Beauvoir
"Where is there a certainty that rises above all doubt and withstands all
critique?" - Karl Jaspers          Rice University, Will Rice College '96

From: kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1r5e1vINNkn@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:
>
>>>>Wait.  Are we talking about ethics or morals here?
>>>Is the distinction important?
>>Yes.
>
>Well, make it.

Ethics deal with individuals.  Morals deal with groups.

>>>Well, our moral system seems to mimic the natural one, in a number of ways.
>>Please describe these "number of ways" in detail.  Then explain the any
>>contradictions that may arise.
>
>Just look at how human behavior mimics animal behavior.  I couldn't even
>begin to list all of the similarities.  Many of the dissimilarities are due
>to our high intelligence.

Please describe these "number of ways" in detail.  Then explain any
contradictions that may arise.

>>>I don't know.  What is wrong?  Is it possible for humans to survive for
>>>a long time in the wild?  Yes, it's possible, but it is difficult.  Humans
>>>are a social animal, and that is a cause of our success.
>>Define "difficult".
>
>I don't understand what you don't understand.

The sentence, "Yes, it's possible, but it is difficult."  Humans survived
"in the wild" for hundreds of thousands of years.

>>>No.  As noted earlier, lack of mating (such as abstinence or homosexuality)
>>>isn't really destructive to the system.  It is a worst neutral.
>>So if every member of the species was homosexual, this wouldn't be destructive
>>to the survival of the species?
>
>Most animals that exhibit homosexuality are actually bisexual.

Answer the question, Keith.  Is homosexuality detrimental to the survival
of the species?
--
=kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu | B(0-4) c- d- e++ f- g++ k(+) m r(-) s++(+) t | TSAKC=
=My thoughts, my posts, my ideas, my responsibility, my beer, my pizza.  OK???=

From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Bayesian Statistics, theism and atheism

In article <1993Apr24.165301.8321@dcs.warwick.ac.uk> simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale) writes:
#In article <1quei1$8mb@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
#>In article <1993Apr15.181924.21026@dcs.warwick.ac.uk> simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale) writes:
[I write:]
#>>> Imagine that 1000000 Alterian dollars turn up in your bank account every
#>>> month. Suppose further that this money is being paid to you by (a) your 
#>>> big-hearted Alterian benefactor, or (b) a bug in an Alterian ATM.  Let's
#>>> suppose that this is a true dichotomy, so P(a)+P(b)=1. Trouble is, Alterius 
#>>> is in a different universe, so that no observations of Alterius are possible
#>>> (except for the banks - you couldn't possibly afford it ;-)
#>>> 
#>>> Now let's examine the case for (a).  There is no evidence whatsoever that
#>>> there is any such thing as a big-hearted Alterian benefactor. However,
#>>> P(exists(b-h A b)) + P(not(exists(b-h A b)) = 1. On the grounds that 
#>>> lack_of_evidence_for is evidence_against when we have a partition like
#>>> that, we dismiss hypothesis (a).
#>>>
#>>> Turning, therefore, to (b), we also find no evidence to support that
#>>> hypothesis.  On the same grounds as before, we dismiss hypothesis (b).
#>>>
#>>> The problem with this is that we have dismissed *all* of the possible
#>>> hypotheses, and even though we know by construction that the money 
#>>> arrives every month, we have proven that it can't, because we
#>>> have dismissed all of its potential causes.
#
#>> That's an *extremely* poor argument, and here's why.
#>>
#>> Premise 1: "...this money is being paid to you by [either] (a) your big-
#>>             hearted Alterian benefactor, or (b) a bug in an Alterian ATM".
#>> 
#>> Thus each monthly appearance of the bucks, should it happen, is an
#>> observation on Alterius, and by construction, is evidence for the
#>> existence of [either the benefactor or the bug in the ATM].
#>> 
#>> Premise 2: no observations on Alterius are possible.
#
#>     #> (except for the banks - you couldn't possibly afford it ;-)
#>
#> You forgot to include this.  My premise is actually:
#>
#> Premise 2:  The cardinality of the set of possible observations on Alterius
#>             is one.
#
#>> This is clearly contradictory to the first.
#
#> Not if you state it properly.
#
#>> Trouble is, on the basis of premise 2, you say that there can be no evidence
#>> of [either the benefactor or the bug], but the first premise leads to the
#>> conclusion that the appearance of the bucks, should it happen, is evidence
#>> for the existence of [either the benefactor or the bug].
#>> 
#>> Voila, a screaming contradiction.
#
#[with my highlights - SC]
#> But in a strawman argument. There is only evidence for OneOf(Benefactor,Bug).
#> No observation to distinguish Benefactor from Bug is possible. That is
#> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
#> not evidence for Bug, and neither is it evidence for Benefactor. Nor
#> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
#> is true to say that this hypothetical universe appears exactly as
#> if there were no Benefactor/Bug (two statements, both would be false).
#
#This is still contradictory. It reduces to
#
#  (1): Alterian dosh arriving in my account is due to [benefactor or bug].
#
#  (2): this is not evidence for [benefactor], neither is it evidence for
#       [bug] (meaning that it doesn't lend more weight to one than to the
#       other)
#
#  (3): therefore no evidence can exist for [benefactor] and no evidence
#       can exist for [bug].
#
#But (3) relies on a shift in meaning from (2). When you say (paraphrased)
#in (2) that this is not "evidence for [benefactor]", for example, what you
#mean is that it's no *more* evidence for [benefactor] than it is for [bug].

Yes, that's what I mean.

#In (3), however, you've shifted the meaning of "evidence for [benefactor]"
#so that it now means `absolute' "evidence for [benefactor]" rather than
#`relative' "evidence for [benefactor]" w.r.t. [bug].

Not really, I meant evidence that would tend to one over the other.  I
think this is just a communications problem.   What I am trying to say,
in my clumsy way, is that while I buy your theory as far as it relates
to theism making predictions (prayer, your 'Rapture' example), I don't
buy your use of Occam's razor in all cases where A=0.

In my example, one couldn't dismiss
[benefactor] or [bug] on the grounds of simplicity - one of these is necessary
to explain the dosh.  I brought up the 'one-by-one dismissal' process to
show that it would be wrong to do so.  From what you're saying in this
post, it seems you agree, and we're talking at cross-purposes.

#(3) is still in contradiction to (1).
#
#Some sums may help. With B = benefactor, b = bug, d = dosh arrives in account:
#
#  (1) implies  P(B+b | d) = 1
#
#Assuming that P(Bb | d) = 0, so it's either the benefactor *or* a bug
#which is responsible if the bucks arrive, but not both, then
#
#   P(B+b | d)   =   P(B | d) + P(b | d)
#
#so
#
#   P(B | d) + P(b | d)  =  1
#
#but (3) implies that
#
#   P(B | d)  =  0  and  P(b | d)  =  0.

No, this isn't what I meant.  P(B | d) = 0.5 and P(b | d) = 0.5, with
necessarily no new observation (we've already seen the dosh) to change
those estimates.  I was trying to say (again, in my clumsy way) that
it would be _wrong_ to assign 0 probability to either of these.  And that's
precisely what use of the Razor does in the case of gods - gods are
one class of hypothesis (there are many others) belonging to a set of
hypotheses _one_of_which_ is necessary to explain something which otherwise 
would _not_ be satisfactorily explained.  It can be thrown out or
retained on grounds of non-rational preference, not of science or statistics.   
Alternatively, one could chuck out or retain the lot, on the grounds
that the answer can't be known, or that the notional probability estimates
are effectively useless, being equal (agnosticism/weak atheism).

#> As they do when the set M is filled by "the universe is caused by x",
#> where x is gods, pink unicorns, nothing, etc.  - and no observation
#> tends to one conclusion over the other.
#
#Exactly the point I was making, I think. So we don't "throw out" any of
#these, contrary to your assertion above that we do.

Some people do, Simon, and they think they are doing excellent science.
My sole point was that they aren't.

#>> Only observations which directly contradict the hypothesis H[i] (i.e. x
#>> where P(x | H[i]) = 0) can cause P(H[i]) to go to zero after a finite
#>> number of observations. Only in this case do we get to throw any of the
#>> hypotheses out.
#
#> Exactly my point, though I may have been unclear.
#
#You said the diametric opposite, which I guess is the source of my confusion.

I was merely trying to illustrate the incorrectness of doing so.

#> What I'm trying to say is that while you are correct to say that absence of
#> evidence can sometimes be evidence of absence, this does not hold true for
#> all, or perhaps any, versions of theism - and it isn't true that those for
#> which it does not hold can be discarded using the razor.
#
#On the contrary, those for which it does not hold are *exactly* those which
#can be discarded using the Razor. See my post on the other branch of this
#thread.

Then you seem to be guilty of the contradiction you accuse me of.  If
the razor holds for gods, then it holds for all like hypotheses.  Which
means that you're assigning P(x | H[i]) =0 for all i, though we've already
established that it's not correct to do so when SUM(P(x|H[i]))=1 over
all i.

#> Simply put, anyone who claims to have a viable proof of the existence or
#> non-existence of gods, whether inductive or no, is at best mistaken, and
#> at worst barking mad.
#
#Luckily I make no such claim, and have specifically said as much on numerous
#occasions. You wouldn't be constructing a strawman here, would you Frank?
#Although that doesn't, of course, rule out my being barking mad in any case
#(I could be barking mad in my spare time, with apologies to Cleese et al).
#
#But I think you miss the point once again. When I say that something is
#"evidence against" an hypothesis, that doesn't imply that observation of
#the said something necessarily *falsifies* the hypothesis, reducing the
#estimate of P(H | data) to zero. If it *reduces* this quantity, it's still
#evidence against H.

No, I got that.  I'm talking about the case when A=0.  You're clearly
correct when A!=0.   And I'm not constructing a strawman (though it's
certainly possible that I've misunderstood what you're saying).  However,
by any standards, a system that says when A=0, gods are highly unlikely,
and when A!=0 gods can be dismissed using the Razor, is a system purporting
to be an inductive proof that gods either don't exist, or are unnecessary
to explain any or all phenomena.  In my experience, systems such as this
(including those which purport to prove that gods exist) always contain
a fallacy upon close examination.  If that's not what you're saying, then
please put me straight.
-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

From: christen@astro.ocis.temple.edu (Carl Christensen)
Subject: Re: Asimov stamp

battin@cyclops.iucf.indiana.edu (Laurence Gene Battin) writes:
>Apart from the suggestion that appeared in the letters column of
>Skeptical Inquirer recently, has there been any further mention
>about a possible Asimov commemorative stamp?  If this idea hasn't
>been followed up, does anyone know what needs to be done to get
>this to happen?  I think that its a great idea.  Should we start a
>petition or something?

I believe that there's a 10 year period from time of death until
a person can be on a commemorative stamp.  It was broken once
for Lyndon Johnson (I think) but other than that it has held for
awhile.  Of course, we can still start now -- the Elvis stamp
was petitioned for ages and things really moved once it got
past the 10 year anniversary of his death.

--
Carl Christensen                /~~\_/~\        ,,,  Dept. of Computer Science
christen@astro.ocis.temple.edu |  #=#==========#   | Temple University        
"Curiouser and curiouser!" - LC \__/~\_/        ```  Philadelphia, PA  USA   

From: kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran)
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

In article <1r8ou3$41u@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
>In article <1993Apr22.070854.18213@nuscc.nus.sg> cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes:
>#I'll be leaving in June.  That's because I'm going back to my university
>#& alt.atheism is banned there (stupid theist intolerance).  Sad isn't it.  
>#Anybody has any idea how I can circumvent this problem?
>
[Frank's solution deleted.]

If you have access to telnet, contact nyx.cs.du.edu.  It's a public access
Unix system, completly free, and all you need to for access is a verifiable
form of ID (I think he requires a notarized copy of a picture, or a check, or
some such).
--
=kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu | B(0-4) c- d- e++ f- g++ k(+) m r(-) s++(+) t | TSAKC=
=My thoughts, my posts, my ideas, my responsibility, my beer, my pizza.  OK???=

Subject: Re: Age of Reason Was: Who has read Rushdie's
From: SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (Scott D. Sauyet)

sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:

> This is the story of Kent, the archetype Finn, that lives in the 
> Bay Area, and tried to purchase Thomas Paine's "Age of Reason". This
> man was driving around, to Staceys, to Books Inc, to "Well, Cleanlighted
> Place", to Daltons, to various other places.
> 
> When he asked for this book, the well educated American book store
> assistants in most placed asked him to check out the thriller section,
> or then they said that his book has not been published yet, but they
> should receive the book soon. In some places the assistants bluntly
> said that they don't know of such an author, or that he is not 
> a well known living author, so they don't keep copies of his books.
> 
> Such is the life and times of America, 200+ years after the revolution.

On a similar note, a good friend of mine worked as a clerk in a
chain bookstore.  Several of his peers were amazing, one woman in
particular:

A customer asked her if they had _The Autobiography of Benjamin
Franklin_.  "Who's it by?" was her first question.  Then, "Is he
still alive?"  Then, "Is it fiction or non-fiction?" 

Finally my friend intervened, and showed the guy where it was.
 
It makes one wonder what the standards of employment are.

 -- Scott Sauyet            ssauyet@eagle.wesleyan.edu

Subject: Re: STRONG & weak Atheism
From: SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (Scott D. Sauyet)

In <930421.122032.2c0.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew writes:

> > Did that FAQ ever got modified to re-define strong atheists as not those who
> > assert the nonexistence of God, but as those who assert that they BELIEVE in 
> > the nonexistence of God?
> 
> In a word, yes.
> 
> mathew

Mathew:

Could you let us know when this happened, so I can see if my version
is as up-to-date as possible?  I try to re-save the FAQs once in a 
while, but otherwise I ignore their regular postings, so I wouldn't 
generally notice such a change.

And I like to stay current.

Thanks,

 -- Scott

From: KPH@ECL.PSU.EDU (Kyle P Hunter)
Subject: A PROBLEM WITH OMNIPOTENCE

I recall a discussion I had heard years ago. It went something like this: 
The problem with omnipotence (at least as I perceive it) as personified by 
the christian God ideal is that it is potentially contradictory.  If a 
manifestation such as God is truly infinite in power can God place limits 
upon itself?
.
.
Some stuff I can't recall.
Then some other questions I think I recall correctly:
Can God unmake itself?
Can God make itself (assuming it doesn't yet exist)?
Has God has always existed or is it necessary for an observer to bind all of
Gods potential quantum states into reality?
Was God nothing more than a primordial force of nature that existed during
the earliest stages of universal (inflationary?) creation?
Is God a vacuum fluctuation?
Given a great enough energy density could we re-create God?
Would that make US God and God something else?
.
.
Some more stuff I don't recall concerning creating God.  Followed by:
Is God self-aware?
Is it necessary that God be self-aware?
Is God a living entity?
Is it necessay that God be a living entity?
Is God unchanging or does it evolve?
.
.
Any comments? Post them so that others might benefit from the open inquiry
and resulting discussion.

Kyle



 

From: Edwin Gans
Subject: Atheism

 

From: kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <8473@pharaoh.cyborg.bt.co.uk> martin@pharaoh.cyborg.bt.co.uk (Martin Gorman) writes:
>JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu writes:
>
>>YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
>>PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>>
>Oh fuck off.

Actually, I just think he's confused.  *I'm* going to hell because I'm Gay,
not becuase I don't believe in God.

(I wonder if that means I can't come to Tammy & Deans picnic?)
--
=kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu | B(0-4) c- d- e++ f- g++ k(+) m r(-) s++(+) t | TSAKC=
=My thoughts, my posts, my ideas, my responsibility, my beer, my pizza.  OK???=
=                 "Because I'm the Daddy.  That's why."                       =

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Requests

In article <C5qLLG.4BC@mailer.cc.fsu.edu>, mayne@pipe.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne) writes:
|> In article <pww-190493085759@spac-at1-59.rice.edu> pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker) writes:
|> >
|> >Didn't the Church get lightning rods banned in several European countries
|> >in the eighteenth century because it was widely believed that they
|> >interfered with god's striking down of blasphemers? I seem to remember that
|> >this was more common in eastern Europe.
|> 
|> I don't know about eastern Europe, but according to Bertrand Russell,
|> writing in Science and Mysticism (I think, though it could have been
|> another book) said that preachers in colonial Boston attributed an
|> earthquake to God's wrath over people putting up lightning rods, which
|> they had been preaching against as interference with God's will. Being
|> deprived of lightning bolts as a method to get at sinners He evidently
|> resorted to sterner measures.
|> 
|> No smilies. I am not making this up.


I'm sure you are not.   After the "San Francisco" Earthquake 
a couple of years ago, there was a flurry of traffic on 
talk.religion.misc about how this was the result of the 
notorious homo- this that and t'other in the City.

The fact that the Earthquake was actually down the road in
Santa Cruz/Watsonville didn't seem to phase them any.

jon.

From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

Kent Sandvik and Jon Livesey made essentially the same response, so this
time Kent's article gets the reply:

>I agree, but this started at one particular point in time, and we 
>don't know when this starting point of 'accurately copied scriptures'
>actually happened. 

This begs the question of whether it ever "started"-- perhaps because
accuracy was always an intention.

>Even worse, if the events in NT were not written by eye witness accounts (a
>high probability looking at possible dates when the first Gospels were
>ready) then we have to take into account all the problems with information
>forwarded with the 'telephone metaphor', indeed.

It makes little difference if you have eyewitnesses or people one step away
(reporters, if you will).  As I said earlier, the "telephone" metaphor is
innately bad, because the purpose of a game of telephone is contrary to the
aims of writing these sorts of texts.  (Also, I would point out that, by the
standards generally asserted in this group, the distinction between
eyewitnesses and others is hollow, since nobody can be shown to be an
eyewitness, or indeed, even shown to be the author of the text.)

There is no evidence that the "original" texts of either the OT or the NT
are largely lost over time in a sea of errors, "corrections", additions and
deletions.  In the case of the NT, the evidence is strongly in the other
direction: the Textus R. and the Nestle-Aland text do not differ on more
than a low level of significance.  It is reasonable to assume a similar
situation for the OT, based on the NT as a model.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In article <C5s9tv.10H@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
|> In <1qvh8tINNsg6@citation.ksu.ksu.edu> yohan@citation.ksu.ksu.edu (Jonathan W 
|> Newton) writes:
|> 
|> 
|> >In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
|> Cobb) writes:
|> >>Merely a question for the basis of morality
|> >>
|> >>Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.
|> 
|> >I disagree with these.  What society thinks should be irrelevant.  What the
|> >individual decides is all that is important.
|> 
|> This doesn't seem right.  If I want to kill you, I can because that is what I
|> decide?

Sounds as though you are confused between "what I want" and "what
I think is morally right".

jon.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Why Rushdie's writings are unappreciated

In article <1quc6u$8qu@cc.tut.fi>, a137490@lehtori.cc.tut.fi (Aario Sami) writes:
|> In <114902@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> 
|> >In article <C53JqD.MDB@blaze.cs.jhu.edu> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
|> >>In article <114320@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> 
|> >>>It has been asked why no counter-fatwa has been issued against
|> >>>Khomenei's condemnation of Rushdies because of his _Satanic Verses_.
|> >>>The reason is basically that the "satanic verses" from which Rushdie
|> >>>took his title are a serious matter not to be played around with by
|> >>>anyone who cares about Islam.
|> 
|> >>This shouldn't matter.
|> 
|> >That's your opinion, which I am sorry to say is irrelevant.
|> 
|> >Gregg
|> 
|> This guy sounds more than a little borg-ish!

Vell, this is perfectly normal behaviour Vor a Vogon, you know?

jon. 

From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

I just received some new information regarding the issue of 
BCCI and whether it is an Islamic bank etc.

I am now about to post it under the heading

"BCCI".

Look for it there!

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

From: cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan)
Subject: Re: Why?

boyd@acsu.buffalo.edu (Daniel F Boyd) writes:
: 
: If the Bible is such incredible proof of Christianity, then why aren't
: the Muslims or the Hindus convinced?
: 
: If the Qur'an is such incredible proof of Islam, then why aren't the
: Hindus or the Christians convinced?

If God exists, why aren't atheists convinced?

--

------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
                  |
Tan Chade Meng    |   "Yes, sir, I have only ONE question:
Singapore         | 
cmtan@iss.nus.sg  |    What is going on?!" 
                  |
------------------+--------------------------------------------------------


From: cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan)
Subject: Christianity & Logic (was: Xtian Morality is)


In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
>that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
 
>        If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
>know more than you do now.         ^^^^^^ 

I once heard an arguement from a xtian friend similar to this.
"Christianity is a Higher Logic.  Athiest like u will not be able
to understand it.  Your atheist logic is very low.  Only thru faith can 
we understand the Higher Logic in God".

So I asked him, "So what is this Higher Logic?"

His answer, "I don't know."

This, & the posting above highlights one of the worst things about
xtainity.  It is abundantly clear to both atheists & xtains that
their believe is both illogical & irrational.  Their tactics, therefore:
to disregard logic & rationality altogether.  Silly excuses such as
the ones above and those such as, "How can u trust science, science
was invented by man!", only goes to further show the weakness of
their religion.

In my country where xtainity was and still is rapidly growing, xtains
never try to convert people by appealing to their brains or senses.
They know it would be a fruitless act, given the irrational nature
of their faith.
They would wait until a person is in distress, then they would comfort
him/her and addict them to their emotional opium.

Never in my life had I met a person who converted to xtainity coz it's
"reasonable".  Rationality has no place in xtainity (see xtian arguement
against "reason" above).

--

The UnEnlightened One
------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
                  | 
Tan Chade Meng    | The wise man tells his wife that he understands her.
Singapore         | 
cmtan@iss.nus.sg  | The fool tries to prove it. 
                  | 
------------------+--------------------------------------------------------


--

The UnEnlightened One
------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
                  | 
Tan Chade Meng    | The wise man tells his wife that he understands her.
Singapore         | 
cmtan@iss.nus.sg  | The fool tries to prove it. 
                  | 
------------------+--------------------------------------------------------


From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <madhausC5yD87.KIp@netcom.com>, madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann) writes:
> healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes: >
> 
> >Tammy "See, Maddi, I trimmed it!" Healy
> 
> Well, you're going to have to practice, but you're getting
> the hang of it.  Soon we're going to have to give you a new
> nickname.  Try these on for size:
> 
> Tammy "Lucky Seven" Healy
> Tammy "Pass the falafel" Healy
> Tammy "R Us" Healy
> Tammy "Learning by Doing" Healy

The "R Us" thing is trademarked.  I don't know if Charles
Lazarus is dead or alive, but I'd be careful, because with
a name like Lazarus, he might rise again just to start a
lawsuit.

Dean Kaflowitz

(I knew an architect once who, I swear, was employed to design
the signs for the Toys R Us and Kids R Us stores.  The signs.
The things they stick over the store or up on a big pole so they
can be seen from the highway.  What a job.  All those hours in
school studying to be an architect so you can tell them to move
the pole ten feet closer to the highway.)


From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <C63AEC.FB3@cbnewsj.cb.att.com> decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz) writes:

>The "R Us" thing is trademarked.  I don't know if Charles
>Lazarus is dead or alive, but I'd be careful, because with
>a name like Lazarus, he might rise again just to start a
>lawsuit.

	The "R Us" is not trademarked, but the "Backwards R Us" is, I 
believe.



---

  Speaking of proofs of God, the funniest one I have ever seen was in a
  term paper handed in by a freshman.  She wrote, "God must exist, because
  he wouldn't be so mean as to make me believe he exists if he really
  doesn't!"  Is this argument really so much worse than the ontological
  proofs of the existence of God provided by Anselm and Descartes, among
  others?

                  Raymond Smullyan
                  [From "5,000 B.C. and Other Philosophical Fantasies".]
                  

From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: 27 fundamental beliefs of SDA

In article <healta.183.735790222@saturn.wwc.edu> healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:

>     I was asked to post list of the SDA Church's basic beliefs.  The SDA 
>church has always been reluctant to formalize a creed in the usual sense of 
>word.  However, the powers that be in the church deemed it neccessary to 
>publish a summary of basic SDA beliefs.

	May I ask why they are afraid to do so?

---

  Speaking of proofs of God, the funniest one I have ever seen was in a
  term paper handed in by a freshman.  She wrote, "God must exist, because
  he wouldn't be so mean as to make me believe he exists if he really
  doesn't!"  Is this argument really so much worse than the ontological
  proofs of the existence of God provided by Anselm and Descartes, among
  others?

                  Raymond Smullyan
                  [From "5,000 B.C. and Other Philosophical Fantasies".]
                  

From: T.G.Nattress@newcastle.ac.uk (Graeme Nattress)
Subject: Re: Cults Vs. Religions?

jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu (James Thomas Green) writes:


A religion is a cult which if those in power belong to it.

Actually, they're all bull shit.

Graeme,
{---    T.G.Nattress@uk.ac.ncl -----------------------------------------}
{-----Hitler is Nibor from the Planet Vashir, the Galactic     ---------}
{---  shape-changing psychopath. ---------------------------------------}
{-----John, The Tomorrow People, Hitler's Last Secret.------------------}

From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <healta.176.735768613@saturn.wwc.edu>, healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:
> In article <1993Apr25.020546.22426@mnemosyne.cs.du.edu> kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:
> >From: kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran)
> >Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!
> >Date: Sun, 25 Apr 93 02:05:46 GMT
> >In article <8473@pharaoh.cyborg.bt.co.uk> martin@pharaoh.cyborg.bt.co.uk (Martin Gorman) writes:
> >>JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu writes:
> >>
> >>>YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
> >>>PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
> >>>
> >>Oh fuck off.
> >
> >Actually, I just think he's confused.  *I'm* going to hell because I'm Gay,
> >not becuase I don't believe in God.
> >
> >(I wonder if that means I can't come to Tammy & Deans picnic?)
> 
> Of course you can come.  I said "ALL a.a posters are invited" and I didn't 
> put a "No homosexual" clause.  Bring some munchies and join the party!!!
> I can't imagine Dean objecting, either.

Knowing Keith, I expect he'll bring the leather accessories.

Better oil it well.  Leather cracks when it dries.

Dean Kaflowitz


From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Poisoning the well (was: Islamic Genocide)

In article <1rbpq0$ibg@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
 
>
>In article <16BBACBC3.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>#By the way, that's why I consider you a theist:
>
>[7 points, consisting of rhetorical fallacy, unsupported claims, and
>demonstrable falsehoods deleted]
>
 
No wonder that we don't see any detail for this claim. It is good to
remember that you have answered the statement that you are a theist
by another correspondent with that you are not a member of a denomination.
It is either stupidity or an attempt at a trick answer. Not unlike the
rest of your arguments.
 
 
>Mr. Roseneau, I have little patience with people who tell me what I
>believe, and who call me a liar when I disagree.  I'm in a position
>not only to know what it is that I believe, but to say so.  I am an
>agnostic.
>
 
I am extremely wary of the way you use words. Like in this case, there
are broader definitions of gods used by persons who are considered by
themselves and others theists. I have pointed to that in my post. You
use one of them.
 
Your use of definitions seems to rest on the assumption: because my
moral is objective/absolute or the other buzz words you are so fond
of, everybody will know it, and there is no need to define it more
exactly.
 
And as a user has shown recently, the easiest way to dispell you is
to ask you for definitions.
 
 
>You are of course, free to speculate on my motives for objecting
>to seeming irrational bigotry if you wish, but the flaws which I
>point out in your arguments stand on their own merits.
 
Since you are the only one seeing them, and many correspondents
point to the flaws in your reasoning respectively discussing, I
can't say I am impressed.
   Benedikt

From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <C62B52.LKz@blaze.cs.jhu.edu>, arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
> In article <w_briggs-250493134303@ccresources6h58.cc.utas.edu.au> w_briggs@postoffice.utas.edu.au (William Briggs) writes:
> >Wasn't JC a carpenter?  Anyway that's beside the point. I think the fact
> >that is more compelling is JC fulfilling the prophecies when the prophecies
> >include him getting killed in the most agonizing possible way.
> 
> This is nonsense.
> 
> I can think of a lot more agonizing ways to get killed.  Fatal cancer, for
> instance.
> 
> Anyone else have some more?  Maybe we can make a list.

Actually, I find the stuff about JC being a carpenter more
interesting.  Is there an independent source for this assertion,
or is it all from the Christian Bible?  Is there any record at
all of anything he built?  A table, a house, some stairs (Norm
Abrams says the real test of a carpenter's skill is building
stairs with hand tools).  Did he leave any plans behind for, say
kitchen counters and cabinets?  Did he build his own cross?
If so, did he use pressure-treated lumber?  Gotta use that
pressure-treated anywhere that wood meets concrete, but it
holds up better anyway for mose outdoor applications.  I keep
seeing these bumper-stickers that say "My boss is a Jewish
Carpenter," but they're always on the back of Ford Escorts,
and a real carpenter's apprentice would probably drive a
pickup, so I'm out for verification that he really was a
carpenter.

Dean Kaflowitz

Sometimes I like to get away from the shack
Catfish ain't pretty
But they don't talk back
Goin' fishin' again
Goin' fishin' again
Me and my no good friends
Sure goin' fishin' again



From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <1993Apr26.000410.18114@daffy.cs.wisc.edu>, mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
> In article <C62B52.LKz@blaze.cs.jhu.edu> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
> >I can think of a lot more agonizing ways to get killed.  Fatal cancer, for
> >instance.
> >
> >Anyone else have some more?  Maybe we can make a list.
> How about dying of a blood clot in a _very_ bad place.

Kidney stones with complete blockage.


From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <kmr4.1718.735827952@po.CWRU.edu>, kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
> In article <C63AEC.FB3@cbnewsj.cb.att.com> decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz) writes:
> 
> >The "R Us" thing is trademarked.  I don't know if Charles
> >Lazarus is dead or alive, but I'd be careful, because with
> >a name like Lazarus, he might rise again just to start a
> >lawsuit.
> 
> 	The "R Us" is not trademarked, but the "Backwards R Us" is, I 
> believe.

Yup, I think you're right.  My mistake.  Now, how do I make
an "R" backwards using a computer keyboard?

I'll bet the gods know how (this is alt.atheism, after
all).  Tell you what, if all my "R"s start coming out
backwards when I type from now on, I'll become a believer.

(And that's not asking for miracles.  If I asked for a miracle,
I'd ask for a real miracle, like for Pat Buchanan to become
an out-of-the-closet drag queen - well...maybe that wouldn't be
so miraculous, but I think he'd look fabulous in a feather
boa and a sequined hat like Mia Farrow wore in Gatsby.)

Dean Kaflowitz


From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: It's all Mary's fault!

In article <w_briggs-250493154912@ccresources6h59.cc.utas.edu.au>
w_briggs@postoffice.utas.edu.au (William Briggs) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>> Lucky for them that the baby didn't have any obvious deformities!  I could
>> just see it now: Mary gets pregnant out of wedlock so to save face she and
>> Joseph say that it was God that got her pregnant and then the baby turns
>> out to be deformed, or even worse, stillborn!  They'd have a lot of
>> explaining to do.... :-)
>
>A few points guys, (oops guy and gal but I use the term guy asexually):
>
>- Has the same sort of conspiracy ever occurred since, (I mean there must
>have been dozen of times in the past two thousand years when it would have
>been opportune time for a 'messiah' to be born.
>
 
It has. There is a guy running around in Switzerland who claims to have
been conceived similarly. His mother says the same. His father is said to
be a bit surprised.
 
But anyway, there have been a lot of Messiahs, and many have had a similar
story about their birth. Or their death. A list of Messiahs could be quite
interesting.
 
 
>- Wouldn't you feel bad if you turned out to be wrong and the conception of
>Christ was via God?  I can just imagine your faces as Mary asks you if
>you've ever had a child yourself.
>
 
I would wonder why an omnipotent god pulls such stunts instead of providing
evidence for everyone to check. And the whole question is absurd.
 
Wouldn't you feel bad if you'd find out that stones are sentient, and that
you have stepped on them all your life? And wouldn't you feel bad when you'd
see the proof that Jesus was just a plot of Satan?
 
 
>- If they wanted to save image they could have done what Joseph planned to
>do in the first place - have a quite wedding and an equally quite divorce,
>(I think it was quite easy to do under Jewish law).  In that regard they
>would have been pretty DUMB to think up a conspiracy like the one you've
>outlined in that they a bringing attention on themselves.  (Messiah
>appearances were like Royal Scandals in zero AD Israel, (see the part in
>Acts when the Sandhedrin are discussing what to do about the growth of the
>new Church, (i.e. one wise guy said - leave it alone and if it is what it
>says it is nothing can stop it and if it isn't then it will just fizzle out
>anyway)).
>
 
You've forgotten the pride factor.
 
 
>- It didn't fizzle, (the Church I mean).
>
 
The argument is a fallacy. It is like "thanks for reading this far" on the end
of a letter. Most religions claim that they won't fizzle because they contain
some eternal truth. So does Christianity. Since there are old religions it is
no wonder to find old religions that have it that they would last.
 
Roll twelve dice. Calculate the chance for the result. Argue that there must
be something special about the result because an event with a chance of
1/(6**12) could hardly happen by chance only. Feel elevated because you have
participated in letting that special event take place.
   Benedikt

From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>>Robert Beauchine wrote:
>: RB>   No, that's praying on the young.  Preying on the young comes
>: RB>   later, when the bright eyed little altar boy finds out what the
>: RB>   priest really wears under that chasible.
>Does this statement further the atheist cause in some way, surely it's
>not intended as wit ...



Surely it was intended as wit.

By the way, which "atheist cause" were you referring to, Bill?


-- 
---                      __  _______                              ---
||| Kevin Marshall       \ \/ /_  _/  Computer Science Department |||
||| Virginia Tech         \  / / /     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu |||
--- Blacksburg, Virginia   \/ /_/                  (703) 232-6529 ---

From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Room for Metaphor?

In article <bakerlj.27.735422537@augustana.edu> bakerlj@augustana.edu (LLOYD BAKER) writes:
>What I want is a response 
>giving me the pros and cons of Metaphorical religious language. Could an 
>atheist accept this view without giving up the foundamentals of what he 
>believes in?  

Could an atheist accept a usage in which religious literature or
tradition is viewed in a metaphorical way?  Of course: this is
essentially what we do with Homer, or with other concepts such as
fate, luck, free will ;-)...  However, there remains the question of
whether the religious literature of -- say -- Christianity is a
particularly *good* set of metaphors for the world today.  It's also
entirely unclear, and to me quite unlikely, that one could take a
contemporary religion like that and divorce the metaphoric potential
from the literalism and absolutism it carries now in many cases.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Moraltiy? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1r5cmnINNb8@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >Pardon me?   *I* am trying to apply human terms to non-humans?
|> 
|> That's right.  You are basically stating that morality can only deal with
|> humans, because only humans are sentient enough to be moral (that is,
|> you say that morality can only deal with intentions?).

I have never said that only humans are the only beings which are
sufficiently sentient to have intentions.   In fact, I have explicitly
said that I am perfectly happy to consider that some animals *are*
capable of forming intentions.

What I am objecting to is considering programmed or instinctive
behaviour to have moral significance, since, it seems to me, 
such behaviour does *not* involve intention.

|> 
|> >>I think that even if someone is not conscious of an alternative, 
|> >>this does not prevent his behavior from being moral.
|> >I'm sure you do think this, if you say so.   How about trying to
|> >convince me?
|> 
|> I think that a moral act is moral whether or not the implementor 
|> thinks it is.

That's not the point.   The point is whether the implementor thinks
*at all*.    The issue is not whether thinking produces opinion A
or opinion B, but whether thinking takes place, period.

|> 
|> >I've offered, four times, I think, to accept your definition if
|> >you allow me to ascribe moral significence to the orbital motion
|> >of the planets.
|> 
|> Hmm... perhaps you can ascribe it.  I could say that many human actions
|> are not "natural" and thus don't follow a natural morality.

Since humans are part of nature, are not all human actions "natural".

Or perhaps you're going to throw in a definition of "natural" that
will allow us to describe some actions as "natural" and some as 
"not natural".   If so, what is the definition?


|> Other than those death which surround mating rituals, other animals 
|> just don't kill each other (within a species) that often, do they?  

Sure they do, as multiple posters have show you.   Sharks, for example,
eat wounded sharks.   I've personally seen cats eat their newborn.

Are you in some kind of denial?   People give you example after example,
and you go off the air for a week, and then pop up claiming that it 
never happened.    It's very strange.

|> But why don't animals kill each other?

See what I mean.   Here we go again.   What do we have to do: write
up a tailor-made FAQ just for Mr Schneider?

jon.

From: gck@aero.org (Gregory C. Kozlowski)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!



This is hell.  Hasn't anyone noticed?


<< Consensual reality is a special case >>




From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism)

In article <1993Apr25.165315.1190@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
 
>>(Deletion)
>>>"(God is) the One Who created the night, the day, the sun and the moon.
>>>Each is travelling in an orbit with its own motion." (Qur'an :33)
>>>
(Deletion)
>>Well, that is certainly different, but it looks as if there is a translation
>>found for everything. By the way, I am most surprised to hear that night and
>>day move in an orbit.
>
>I thought about this, too -- some translations refer to only the latter
>two objects being in orbit, but Bucaille's translation seems to indicate
>the night and the day travelling in "orbit" too.  Perhaps this can be
>understood when one looks at it from the earth's reference frame -- from
>this reference frame, the day and the night would appear to "orbit" the
>earth (travelling from east to west).  (This is from the reference frame
>when the earth is still.)
>
 
Well, yes, but that belongs in the other group, there is a interpretation
found for everything. However, allowing any form of interpretation reduces
the information of the text so interprteted to zero.
 
By the way, I have checked the quote and I think the lines preceding those
quoted above are more interesting:
 
   21:32 where mountains are set on earth in order to immobilize the earth.
   21:33 where the skies (heavens?) are referred to as well supported.
 
the lines given above are  21:34 after my edition.
 
 
>Maybe this is what is meant by the above....?  It's just a possibility.
>
>>And that the sun travels in an orbit without saying that earth does, too,
>>sounds geocentric to me.
>
>I will see if I can find out more about this.
>
>But it is still not geocentric.
>
 
That sun and moon move and the earth is immobile sounds geocentric to me.
   Benedikt

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1r5emjINNmk@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
|> 
|> >But, this just shows then that painful execution is not considered 
|> >"cruel" and unusual punishment. This shows that "cruel" as used in the 
|> >constitution does NOT refer to whether or not the punishment causes physical 
|> >pain.
|> >Rather, it must be a different meaning.
|> 
|> I don't think so.  Although some forms of execution are painful (the electric
|> chair looks particularly so), I think the pain is relatively short-lived.
|> Drawing and quartering, on the other hand, looks very painful, and the
|> victim wouldn't die right away (he'd bleed to death, I'd imagine).

So what do we have now, an integral over pain X time?

I get to lash you with a wet noodle for ever, but I only get to
cut you up with a power saw if I'm quick about it?

jon.

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Atheist Resources

Archive-name: atheism/resources
Alt-atheism-archive-name: resources
Last-modified: 5 April 1993
Version: 1.1

                              Atheist Resources

                      Addresses of Atheist Organizations

                                     USA

FREEDOM FROM RELIGION FOUNDATION

Darwin fish bumper stickers and assorted other atheist paraphernalia are
available from the Freedom From Religion Foundation in the US.

Write to:  FFRF, P.O. Box 750, Madison, WI 53701.
Telephone: (608) 256-8900

EVOLUTION DESIGNS

Evolution Designs sell the "Darwin fish".  It's a fish symbol, like the ones
Christians stick on their cars, but with feet and the word "Darwin" written
inside.  The deluxe moulded 3D plastic fish is $4.95 postpaid in the US.

Write to:  Evolution Designs, 7119 Laurel Canyon #4, North Hollywood,
           CA 91605.

People in the San Francisco Bay area can get Darwin Fish from Lynn Gold --
try mailing <figmo@netcom.com>.  For net people who go to Lynn directly, the
price is $4.95 per fish.

SET FREE

Atheist stickers, T-shirts and books.

Write to:  Set Free, P.O. Box 3065-192, Garden Grove, CA 92642.

AMERICAN ATHEIST PRESS

AAP publish various atheist books -- critiques of the Bible, lists of
Biblical contradictions, and so on.  One such book is:

"The Bible Handbook" by W.P. Ball and G.W. Foote.  American Atheist Press.
372 pp.  ISBN 0-910309-26-4, 2nd edition, 1986.  Bible contradictions,
absurdities, atrocities, immoralities... contains Ball, Foote: "The Bible
Contradicts Itself", AAP.  Based on the King James version of the Bible.

Write to:  American Atheist Press, P.O. Box 140195, Austin, TX 78714-0195.
      or:  7215 Cameron Road, Austin, TX 78752-2973.
Telephone: (512) 458-1244
Fax:       (512) 467-9525

PROMETHEUS BOOKS

Sell books including Haught's "Holy Horrors" (see below).

Write to:  700 East Amherst Street, Buffalo, New York 14215.
Telephone: (716) 837-2475.

An alternate address (which may be newer or older) is:
Prometheus Books, 59 Glenn Drive, Buffalo, NY 14228-2197.

AFRICAN-AMERICANS FOR HUMANISM

An organization promoting black secular humanism and uncovering the history of
black freethought.  They publish a quarterly newsletter, AAH EXAMINER.

Write to:  Norm R. Allen, Jr., African Americans for Humanism, P.O. Box 664,
           Buffalo, NY 14226.

                                United Kingdom

Rationalist Press Association          National Secular Society
88 Islington High Street               702 Holloway Road
London N1 8EW                          London N19 3NL
071 226 7251                           071 272 1266

British Humanist Association           South Place Ethical Society
14 Lamb's Conduit Passage              Conway Hall
London WC1R 4RH                        Red Lion Square
071 430 0908                           London WC1R 4RL
fax 071 430 1271                       071 831 7723

The National Secular Society publish "The Freethinker", a monthly magazine
founded in 1881.

                                   Germany

IBKA e.V.
Internationaler Bund der Konfessionslosen und Atheisten
Postfach 880, D-1000 Berlin 41. Germany.

IBKA publish a journal:
MIZ. (Materialien und Informationen zur Zeit. Politisches
Journal der Konfessionslosesn und Atheisten. Hrsg. IBKA e.V.)
MIZ-Vertrieb, Postfach 880, D-1000 Berlin 41. Germany.

For atheist books, write to:

IBDK, Internationaler B"ucherdienst der Konfessionslosen
Postfach 3005, D-3000 Hannover 1. Germany.
Telephone: 0511/211216


                               Books -- Fiction

THOMAS M. DISCH

"The Santa Claus Compromise"
Short story.  The ultimate proof that Santa exists.  All characters and 
events are fictitious.  Any similarity to living or dead gods -- uh, well...

WALTER M. MILLER, JR

"A Canticle for Leibowitz"
One gem in this post atomic doomsday novel is the monks who spent their lives
copying blueprints from "Saint Leibowitz", filling the sheets of paper with
ink and leaving white lines and letters.

EDGAR PANGBORN

"Davy"
Post atomic doomsday novel set in clerical states.  The church, for example,
forbids that anyone "produce, describe or use any substance containing...
atoms". 

PHILIP K. DICK

Philip K. Dick Dick wrote many philosophical and thought-provoking short 
stories and novels.  His stories are bizarre at times, but very approachable.
He wrote mainly SF, but he wrote about people, truth and religion rather than
technology.  Although he often believed that he had met some sort of God, he
remained sceptical.  Amongst his novels, the following are of some relevance:

"Galactic Pot-Healer"
A fallible alien deity summons a group of Earth craftsmen and women to a
remote planet to raise a giant cathedral from beneath the oceans.  When the
deity begins to demand faith from the earthers, pot-healer Joe Fernwright is
unable to comply.  A polished, ironic and amusing novel.

"A Maze of Death"
Noteworthy for its description of a technology-based religion.

"VALIS"
The schizophrenic hero searches for the hidden mysteries of Gnostic
Christianity after reality is fired into his brain by a pink laser beam of
unknown but possibly divine origin.  He is accompanied by his dogmatic and
dismissively atheist friend and assorted other odd characters.

"The Divine Invasion"
God invades Earth by making a young woman pregnant as she returns from
another star system.  Unfortunately she is terminally ill, and must be
assisted by a dead man whose brain is wired to 24-hour easy listening music.

MARGARET ATWOOD

"The Handmaid's Tale"
A story based on the premise that the US Congress is mysteriously
assassinated, and fundamentalists quickly take charge of the nation to set it
"right" again.  The book is the diary of a woman's life as she tries to live
under the new Christian theocracy.  Women's right to own property is revoked,
and their bank accounts are closed; sinful luxuries are outlawed, and the
radio is only used for readings from the Bible.  Crimes are punished
retroactively: doctors who performed legal abortions in the "old world" are
hunted down and hanged.  Atwood's writing style is difficult to get used to
at first, but the tale grows more and more chilling as it goes on.

VARIOUS AUTHORS

"The Bible"
This somewhat dull and rambling work has often been criticized.  However, it
is probably worth reading, if only so that you'll know what all the fuss is
about.  It exists in many different versions, so make sure you get the one
true version.

                             Books -- Non-fiction

PETER DE ROSA

"Vicars of Christ", Bantam Press, 1988
Although de Rosa seems to be Christian or even Catholic this is a very
enlighting history of papal immoralities, adulteries, fallacies etc.
(German translation: "Gottes erste Diener. Die dunkle Seite des Papsttums",
Droemer-Knaur, 1989)

MICHAEL MARTIN

"Atheism: A Philosophical Justification", Temple University Press,
 Philadelphia, USA.
A detailed and scholarly justification of atheism.  Contains an outstanding
appendix defining terminology and usage in this (necessarily) tendentious
area.  Argues both for "negative atheism" (i.e. the "non-belief in the
existence of god(s)") and also for "positive atheism" ("the belief in the
non-existence of god(s)").  Includes great refutations of the most
challenging arguments for god; particular attention is paid to refuting
contempory theists such as Platinga and Swinburne.
541 pages. ISBN 0-87722-642-3 (hardcover; paperback also available)

"The Case Against Christianity", Temple University Press
A comprehensive critique of Christianity, in which he considers
the best contemporary defences of Christianity and (ultimately)
demonstrates that they are unsupportable and/or incoherent.
273 pages. ISBN 0-87722-767-5

JAMES TURNER

"Without God, Without Creed", The Johns Hopkins University Press, Baltimore,
 MD, USA
Subtitled "The Origins of Unbelief in America".  Examines the way in which
unbelief (whether agnostic or atheistic)  became a mainstream alternative
world-view.  Focusses on the period 1770-1900, and while considering France
and Britain the emphasis is on American, and particularly New England
developments.  "Neither a religious history of secularization or atheism,
Without God, Without Creed is, rather, the intellectual history of the fate
of a single idea, the belief that God exists." 
316 pages. ISBN (hardcover) 0-8018-2494-X (paper) 0-8018-3407-4

GEORGE SELDES (Editor)

"The great thoughts", Ballantine Books, New York, USA
A "dictionary of quotations" of a different kind, concentrating on statements
and writings which, explicitly or implicitly, present the person's philosophy
and world-view.  Includes obscure (and often suppressed) opinions from many
people.  For some popular observations, traces the way in which various
people expressed and twisted the idea over the centuries.  Quite a number of
the quotations are derived from Cardiff's "What Great Men Think of Religion"
and Noyes' "Views of Religion".
490 pages. ISBN (paper) 0-345-29887-X.

RICHARD SWINBURNE

"The Existence of God (Revised Edition)", Clarendon Paperbacks, Oxford
This book is the second volume in a trilogy that began with "The Coherence of
Theism" (1977) and was concluded with "Faith and Reason" (1981).  In this
work, Swinburne attempts to construct a series of inductive arguments for the
existence of God.  His arguments, which are somewhat tendentious and rely
upon the imputation of late 20th century western Christian values and
aesthetics to a God which is supposedly as simple as can be conceived, were
decisively rejected in Mackie's "The Miracle of Theism".  In the revised
edition of "The Existence of God", Swinburne includes an Appendix in which he
makes a somewhat incoherent attempt to rebut Mackie.

J. L. MACKIE

"The Miracle of Theism", Oxford
This (posthumous) volume contains a comprehensive review of the principal
arguments for and against the existence of God.  It ranges from the classical
philosophical positions of Descartes, Anselm, Berkeley, Hume et al, through
the moral arguments of Newman, Kant and Sidgwick, to the recent restatements
of the classical theses by Plantinga and Swinburne.  It also addresses those
positions which push the concept of God beyond the realm of the rational,
such as those of Kierkegaard, Kung and Philips, as well as "replacements for
God" such as Lelie's axiarchism.  The book is a delight to read - less
formalistic and better written than Martin's works, and refreshingly direct
when compared with the hand-waving of Swinburne.

JAMES A. HAUGHT

"Holy Horrors: An Illustrated History of Religious Murder and Madness",
 Prometheus Books
Looks at religious persecution from ancient times to the present day -- and
not only by Christians.
Library of Congress Catalog Card Number 89-64079. 1990.

NORM R. ALLEN, JR.

"African American Humanism: an Anthology"
See the listing for African Americans for Humanism above.

GORDON STEIN

"An Anthology of Atheism and Rationalism", Prometheus Books
An anthology covering a wide range of subjects, including 'The Devil, Evil
and Morality' and 'The History of Freethought'.  Comprehensive bibliography.

EDMUND D. COHEN

"The Mind of The Bible-Believer", Prometheus Books
A study of why people become Christian fundamentalists, and what effect it
has on them.

GEORGE H. SMITH

"Atheism: The Case Against God", Prometheus Books
Describes the positions of atheism, theism and agnosticism.  Reviews many 
of the arguments used in favour of the existence of God.  Concludes with an
assessment of the impact of God on people's lives.

                                Net Resources

There's a small mail-based archive server at mantis.co.uk which carries
archives of old alt.atheism.moderated articles and assorted other files.  For
more information, send mail to archive-server@mantis.co.uk saying

   help
   send atheism/index

and it will mail back a reply.


mathew
�

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Overview for New Readers

Archive-name: atheism/overview
Alt-atheism-archive-name: overview
Last-modified: 20 April 1993
Version: 1.3

                                   Overview

Welcome to alt.atheism and alt.atheism.moderated.

This is the first in a series of regular postings aimed at new readers of the
newsgroups.

Many groups of a 'controversial' nature have noticed that new readers often
come up with the same questions, mis-statements or misconceptions and post
them to the net.  In addition, people often request information which has
been posted time and time again.  In order to try and cut down on this, the
alt.atheism groups have a series of five regular postings under the following
titles:

   1.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Overview for New Readers
   2.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Introduction to Atheism
   3.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
   4.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Constructing a Logical Argument
   5.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Atheist Resources

This is article number 1.  Please read numbers 2 and 3 before posting.  The
others are entirely optional.

If you are new to Usenet, you may also find it helpful to read the newsgroup
news.announce.newusers.  The articles titled "A Primer on How to Work With
the Usenet Community", "Answers to Frequently Asked Questions about Usenet"
and "Hints on writing style for Usenet" are particularly relevant.  Questions
concerning how news works are best asked in news.newusers.questions.

If you are unable to find any of the articles listed above, see the "Finding
Stuff" section below.


                                   Credits

These files could not have been written without the assistance of the many
readers of alt.atheism and alt.atheism.moderated.  In particular, I'd like to
thank the following people:

kck+@cs.cmu.edu (Karl Kluge)
perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
NETOPRWA@ncsuvm.cc.ncsu.edu (Wayne Aiken)
chpetk@gdr.bath.ac.uk (Toby Kelsey)
jkp@cs.HUT.FI (Jyrki Kuoppala)
geoff.arnold@East.Sun.COM (Geoff Arnold)
torkel@sics.se (Torkel Franzen)
kmldorf@utdallas.edu (George Kimeldorf)
roe2@quads.uchicago.edu (Greg Roelofs)
arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee)
madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
J5J@psuvm.psu.edu (John A. Johnson)
dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham)
mayne@open.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne)
ajr@bigbird.hri.com (Andy Rosen)
stoesser@ira.uka.de (Achim Stoesser)
bosullvn@unix1.tcd.ie (Bryan O'Sullivan)
lippard@ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)
s1b3832@rigel.tamu.edu (S. Baum)
ydobyns@phoenix.princeton.edu (York H. Dobyns)
schroede@sdsc.edu (Wayne Schroeder)
baldwin@csservera.usna.navy.mil (J.D. Baldwin)
D_NIBBY@unhh.unh.edu (Dana Nibby)
dempsey@Kodak.COM (Richard C. Dempsey)
jmunch@hertz,elee.calpoly.edu (John David Munch)
pdc@dcs.ed.ac.uk (Paul Crowley)
rz@mips.complang.tuwien.ac.at (Richard Zach)
tycchow@math.mit.edu (Tim Chow)
simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale)
PHIMANEN@cc.helsinki.fi (Pekka Himanen)

...and countless others I've forgotten.

These articles are free.  Truly free.  You may copy them and distribute them
to anyone you wish.  However, please send any changes or corrections to the
author, and please do not re-post copies of the articles to alt.atheism; it
does nobody any good to have multiple versions of the same document floating
around the network.


                                Finding Stuff

All of the FAQ files *should* be somewhere on your news system.  Here are
some suggestions on what to do if you can't find them:

1. Check the newsgroup alt.atheism.  Look for subject lines starting with
   "Alt.Atheism FAQ:".

2. Check the newsgroup news.answers for the same subject lines.

   If you don't find anything in steps 1 or 2, your news system isn't set up
   correctly, and you may wish to tell your system administrator about the
   problem.

3. If you have anonymous FTP access, connect to rtfm.mit.edu [18.70.0.226].
   Go to the directory /pub/usenet/alt.atheism, and you'll find the latest
   versions of the FAQ files there.

   FTP is a a way of copying files between networked computers.  If you
   need help in using or getting started with FTP, send e-mail to
   mail-server@rtfm.mit.edu with

      send usenet/news.answers/ftp-list/faq

   in the body.

4. There are other sites which also carry news.answers postings.  The article
   "Introduction to the news.answers newsgroup" carries a list of these
   sites; the article is posted regularly to news.answers.

5. If you don't have FTP, send mail to mail-server@rtfm.mit.edu
   consisting of the following lines:

      send usenet/news.answers/finding-sources
      send usenet/alt.atheism/faq
      send usenet/alt.atheism/introduction
      send usenet/alt.atheism/logic
      send usenet/alt.atheism/resources

5. (Penultimate resort)  Send mail to mail-server@mantis.co.uk consisting of
   the following lines:

      send atheism/faq/faq.txt
      send atheism/faq/logic.txt
      send atheism/faq/intro.txt
      send atheism/faq/resource.txt

   and our poor overworked modems will try and send you a copy of the files.
   There's other stuff, too; interesting commands to try are "help" and
   "send atheism/index".

6. (Last resort)  Mail mathew@mantis.co.uk, or post an article to the
   newsgroup asking how you can get the FAQ files.  You should only do this
   if you've tried the above methods and they've failed; it's not nice to
   clutter the newsgroup or people's mailboxes with requests for files.
   it's better than posting without reading the FAQ, though!  For instance,
   people whose email addresses get mangled in transit and who don't have 
   FTP will probably need assistance obtaining the FAQ files.


mathew
�

From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: The nonexistance of Atheists?!

>In article <kutluk.734797558@ccl.umist.ac.uk> kutluk@ccl.umist.ac.uk (Kutluk Ozguven) writes:
>>Atheists are not
>>mentioned in the Quran because from a Quranic point of view, and a
>>minute's reasoning, one can see that there is no such thing.


I guess that's why scientists probably aren't mentioned either.  Or
stock brokers.  Or television repairmen.  

It's precious to know just how deep the brainwashing from childhood
( that it takes to progress a religion ) cleans away a very substantial
part of the reasoning neurons.

But don't mind me;  I don't exist.

-jim halat
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            


From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <115687@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
(deletion)
>Sure. Yes, I did. You see I don't think that rape and murder should
>be dealt with lightly. You, being so interested in leniency for
>leniency's sake, apparently think that people should simply be
>told the "did a _bad_ thing."
>
 
Straw man. And you brought up leniency.
 
 
>>And what about the simple chance of misjudgements?
>
>Misjudgments should be avoided as much as possible.
>I suspect that it's pretty unlikely that, given my requirement
>of repeated offenses, that misjudgments are very likely.
>
 
Assuming that misjudgements are not correlated.
 
 
(Deletion)
>>I just love to compare such lines to the common plea of your fellow believers
>>not to call each others names. In this case, to substantiate it: The Quran
>>allows that one beATs one's wife into submission.
>
>
>Really? Care to give chapter and verse? We could discuss it.
>
 
Has been discussed here. Chapter and verse were cited, I assume that you
weren't looking then.
 
Let's be more exact, do you think it is not in the Quran?. And what would
your consequences be when it it was shown to be in it?
 
 
>>Primitive Machism refers to
>>that. (I have misspelt that before, my fault).
>
>Again, not all of the Orient follows the Qur'an. So you'll have to do
>better than that.
>
 
I have not claimed that. It is sufficient for the argument when there are
a lot of male dominated societies that qualify as Machistic. Are you going
to say that the situation of women is better in sufficeint areas of the
Orient?
 
 
(Deletion)
>This is an argument for why _you_ don't like religions that suppress
>sex. A such it's an irrelevant argument.
>
>If you'd like to generalize it to an objective statement then
>fine. My response is then: you have given no reason for your statement
>that sex is not the business of religion (one of your "arguments").
>
>The urge for sex in adolescents is not so strong that any overly strong
>measures are required to suppress it. If the urge to have sex is so
>strong in an adult then that adult can make a commensurate effort to
>find a marriage partner.
>
 
You apparently have trouble reading things you don't like. The point was
having sex the way one wishes being a strong desire. Marriage is a red
herring. Tell me about homosexuals, for one. You simply ignore everything
that doesn't fit into the world as you would like to have it.
 
And as for the situation of adolescents, one has probably keep your
combination of leniency and maiming in mind, whe you say that it does
not take *overly* strong measures to suppress the urge for sex in
adolescents.
   Benedikt

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <1993Apr16.211458.1@eagle.wesleyan.edu>
kmagnacca@eagle.wesleyan.edu writes:
 
(deletion)
>Nope, Germany has extremely restrictive citizenship laws.  The
>ethnic Germans who have lived in Russia for over 100 years
>automatically become citizens if they move to Germany, but the
>Turks who are now in their third generation in Germany can't.
 
That's wrong. They can.
   Benedikt

From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

Jon Livesey writes:

>So why do I read in the papers that the Qumram texts had "different
>versions" of some OT texts.   Did I misunderstand?

Reading newspapers to learn about this kind of stuff is not the best idea in
the world.  Newspaper reporters are notoriously ignorant on the subject of
religion, and are prone to exaggeration in the interests of having a "real"
story (that is, a bigger headline).

Let's back up to 1935.  At this point, we have the Masoretic text, the
various targums (translations/commentaries in aramaic, etc.), and the
Septuagint, the ancient greek translation.  The Masoretic text is the
standard Jewish text and essentially does not vary.  In some places it has
obvious corruptions, all of which are copied faithfully from copy to copy.
These passages in the past were interpreted by reference to the targums and
to the Septuagint.

Now, the septuagint differs from the masoretic text in two particulars:
first, it includes additional texts, and second, in some passages there are
variant readings from the masoretic text (in addition to "fixing"/predating
the various corrupted passages).  It must be emphasized that, to the best of
my knowledge, these variations are only signifcant to bible scholars, and
have little theological import.

The dead sea scroll materials add to this an ancient *copy* of almost all of
Isaiah and fragments of various sizes of almost all other OT books.  There
is also an abundance of other material, but as far as I know, there is no
sign there of any hebrew antecdent to the apocrypha (the extra texts in the
septuagint).  As far as analysis has proceeded, there are also variations
between the DSS texts and the masoretic versions.  These tend to reflect the
septuagint, where the latter isn't obviously in error.  Again, though, the
differences (thus far) are not significant theologically.  There is this big
expectation that there are great theological surprises lurking in the
material, but so far this hasn't happened.

The DSS *are* important because there is almost no textual tradition in the
OT, unlike for the NT.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

From: markp@elvis.wri.com (Mark Pundurs)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <sandvik-250493163828@sandvik-kent.apple.com> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:

>In article <markp.735580401@avignon>, markp@avignon (Mark Pundurs) wrote:
>> You take LSD, and it skews your perception of reality. You come down,
>> and your perceptions unskew.

>I've never taken LSD, but read about the strange lifes and times
>of the Ashbury Heights culture. Something that was usually profound
>was the way these LSD trippers mentioned that after their first trip
>they changed their view of the world. In other words taking LSD would 
>change their reference frames. Which would indicate that deep changes
>due to let us say rewiring of the brain temporarily will indeed
>change frames. And this leads to the statement that there is no
>solid reference frame; the LSD trippers modified their relative 
>view.

Much of the Haight-Ashbury crowd probably had pre-existing 
dissatisfactions with their lives -- dissatisfactions ameliorated by
mumbo-jumbo about 'new realities'. The only change I experienced after 
LSD was to gain the knowledge that I didn't enjoy how LSD twisted my
perception.
--
Mark Pundurs

any resemblance between my opinions and those 
of Wolfram Research, Inc. is purely coincidental

From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

>>>>> On 25 Apr 93 23:26:20 GMT, bobbe@vice (Robert Beauchaine;6086;59-323;LP=A;YAyG) said:

...execellent examples of Luther's insane rantings deleted...

Gee, I'm *sooooo* surprised that they don't teach this part of his
ideology in high schools today.

--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

From: mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

On Wed, 21 Apr 1993 08:16:14 GMT sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) wrote:
>In article <C5rGKB.4Fs@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu

[re. Conner's questioning of the blissful afterlife as a reason why many
joined the early Xian church]

>Well, as I remember Jacoby's "Mythmaker" talks about this to cite
>one source -- but I'm not sure if all Christians have read this book.
>In addition my social experiences is from being raised and educated
>as a Lutheran, having a lot of Christian friends, and I even
>have played in two Christian rock bands!

Do you mean Hyam Maccoby's _The Mythmaker_?

--
Mike McAngus         | The Truth is still the Truth
mam@mouse.cmhnet.org | Even if you choose to ignore it.
                     |
(Some of the old .sig viruses are still the best)

From: mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

On Tue, 20 Apr 1993 04:32:59 GMT bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) wrote:
>This is fascinating. Atheists argue for abortion, defend homosexuality
>as a means of population control, insist that the only values are
>biological and condemn war and capital punishment. According to
>Benedikt, if something is contardictory, it cannot exist, which in
>this case means atheists I suppose.

What atheists are you talking about?  

IMNSHO, Abortion is the womans choice.  Homosexual sex is the choice of 
the people involved.  War is sometimes necessary.  

This leaves capital punishment.  I oppose capital punishemnt because 
mistakes can happen (yes this thread went around with no resolution
recently).

As far as poplulation control, I think contraception and education are
the best courses of action.

>I would like to understand how an atheist can object to war (an
>excellent means of controlling population growth), or to capital
>punishment, I'm sorry but the logic escapes me.

That's because you are again making the assumption that all Atheists 
have some specific mindset.

>And why just capital punishment, what is being questioned here, the
>propriety of killing or of punishment? What is the basis of the
>ecomplaint?

Mistakes can happen Bill, and I could be the victim of such a mistake.

--
Mike McAngus         | The Truth is still the Truth
mam@mouse.cmhnet.org | Even if you choose to ignore it.
                     |
(Some of the old .sig viruses are still the best)

From: mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution

On Tue, 20 Apr 1993 04:49:18 GMT bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) wrote:
>Robert Singleton (bobs@thnext.mit.edu) wrote:

>: > Sure it isn't mutually exclusive, but it lends weight to (i.e. increases
>: > notional running estimates of the posterior probability of) the 
>: > atheist's pitch in the partition, and thus necessarily reduces the same 
>: > quantity in the theist's pitch. This is because the `divine component' 
>: > falls prey to Ockham's Razor, the phenomenon being satisfactorily 
>:                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>: > explained without it, and there being no independent evidence of any 
>:   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>: > such component. More detail in the next post.
>: > 

>Occam's Razor is not a law of nature, it is way of analyzing an
>argument, even so, it interesting how often it's cited here and to
>what end. 
>It seems odd that religion is simultaneously condemned as being
>primitive, simple-minded and unscientific, anti-intellectual and
>childish, and yet again condemned as being too complex (Occam's
>razor), the scientific explanation of things being much more
>straightforeward and, apparently, simpler. 

Cute characterization Bill; however, there is no inconsistency between 
the two statements.  Even if one believes that religion is "primitive, 
simple-minded and unscientific, anti-intellectual and childish", one
can still hold the view that religion also adds an unnecessary level of
complexity to the explanation.  The ideas themselves don't have to be
complex before being excised by Occam's Razor, they only have to add 
unnecessarily to the overall complexity of the description.

>                                           Which is it to be - which
>is the "non-essential", and how do you know?

I think the non-essential part of an explanatory system is one that
adds no predictive capability to the system.

>Considering that even scientists don't fully comprehend science due to
>its complexity and diversity. Maybe William of Occam has performed a
>lobotomy, kept the frontal lobe and thrown everything else away ...

Huh?

>This is all very confusing, I'm sure one of you will straighten me out
>tough.
 ^^^^^
Watch it, your Freudian Slip is showing

--
Mike McAngus         | The Truth is still the Truth
mam@mouse.cmhnet.org | Even if you choose to ignore it.
                     |
(Some of the old .sig viruses are still the best)

From: mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

On 20 Apr 93 13:38:34 GMT dps@nasa.kodak.com (Dan Schaertel,,,) wrote:
>In article 11853@vice.ICO.TEK.COM, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>|>
>|>  Yet I am still not a believer.  Is god not concerned with my
>|>  disposition?  Why is it beneath him to provide me with the
>|>  evidence I would require to believe?  The evidence that my
>|>  personality, given to me by this god, would find compelling?

>The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
>But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
>you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
>love you.     The responsibility is on you to love God and take a step toward
>Him.  He promises to be there for you, but you have to look for yourself.
>Those who doubt this or dispute it have not givin it a sincere effort.

I and many others on a.a have described how we have tried to find god.
Are you saying our efforts have not been sincere?  For all the effort
I have put in, there has been no outward nor inward change that I can
perceive.  What's a sincerely searching Agnostic or Atheist supposed to
do when even the search turns up nothing?

>Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
>that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
>Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
>the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
>know more than you do now.   To learn you must accept that which
>you don't know.

How do you "accept that which you don't know"?  Do you mean that I must
believe in your god in order to believe in your god?

--
Mike McAngus         | The Truth is still the Truth
mam@mouse.cmhnet.org | Even if you choose to ignore it.
                     |
(Some of the old .sig viruses are still the best)

From: mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus)
Subject: Hard/Soft == Strong/Weak.  KISS!

On 20 Apr 93 08:31:07 GMT timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) wrote:
>mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu writes:

[writing to someone else]

>But you, probably like me, seem to be a soft atheist.  Sorry for the flamage.

Can we get back to using the terms "strong Atheist" and "weak Atheist"
rather than this "hard Atheist" and "soft Atheist".  I can imagine 
future discussions with Newbies where there is confusion because of the
multiplication of descriptions.

[rest deleted]

--
Mike McAngus         | The Truth is still the Truth
mam@mouse.cmhnet.org | Even if you choose to ignore it.
                     |
(Some of the old .sig viruses are still the best)

From: ray@netcom.com (Ray Fischer)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes ...
> ray@netcom.com (Ray Fischer) writes:
>#frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes ...
>#>Plus questions for you:  why do subjectivists/relativists/nihilists get so 
>#>het up about the idea that relativism is *better* than objectivism? 
>#
>#To the degree that relativism is a more accurate decription of the
>#truth than is objectivism, it provides more power and ability to
>#control events.
>
>I think you lose the right to talk about THE truth once you say values are
>relative.   Accuracy is a value judgement, too.  It so happens I agree with 
>the substance of what you say below, but it's clear to me that at least 
>*some* values are objective.  Truth is better than falsehood, peace is
>better than war, education is better than ignorance.  We know these things,
>if we know anything.

While I'll agree that these are generally held to be "good things", I
question whether they come very close to being objective values.
Especially considering that at one time or another each has been
viewed as being undesirable.  I doubt you could even come up with
anything that could be said to be universally "good" or "bad".

And when I referred to "the truth" I was using the term
hypothetically, realizing full well that there may not even be such a
thing.

>#Assuming, for the moment, that morals _are_ relative, then two
>#relativists can recognize that neither has a lock on the absolute
>#truth and they can proceed to negotiate a workable compromise that
>#produces the desired results.
>
>No they cannot, because they acknowledge up front that THE desired
>results do not exist.  That, after all, is the meaning of compromise.
>
>Plus some problems: If the relativists have no values in common, compromise 
>is impossible - what happens then?    Who, if anyone, is right?  What happens 
>if one relativist has a value "Never compromise?".  A value "plant bombs in 
>crowded shopping areas"?  After all, if morals are relative, these values 
>cannot *meaningfully* be said to be incorrect.

True enough.  But they cannot be said to be anything more than
personal morals.  One thing notably lacking in most extremists is any
sense of _personal_ accountability - the justification for any
socially unacceptable behaviour is invariably some "higher authority"
(aka, absolute moral truth).

>#Assuming that there is an absolute morality, two disagreeing 
>#objectivists can either be both wrong or just one of them right; there
>#is no room for compromise.  Once you beleive in absolute morals,
>#you must accept that you are amoral or that everyone who disagrees
>#with you is amoral.
>
>Untrue.  One can accept that one does not know the whole truth.  Part
>of the objective truth about morality may well be that flexibility is
>better than rigidity, compromise is better than believing you have a lock
>on morals, etc.  In the same way, I can believe in an objective reality
>without claiming to know the mechanism for quantum collapse, or who shot
>JFK.

An objective truth that says one cannot know the objective truth?
Interesting notion.   :-)

Certainly one can have as one's morals a belief that compromise is
good.  But to compromise on the absolute truth is not something most
people do very successfully.  I suppose one could hold compromise as
being an absolute moral, but then what happens when someone else
insists on no compromise?  How do you compromise on compromising?

>#Given a choice between a peaceful compromise or endless contention,
>#I'd say that compromise seems to be "better".
>
>And I would agree.   But it's bloody to pointless to speak of it if it's
>merely a matter of taste.  Is your liking for peace any better founded
>than someone else's liking for ice-cream?  I'm looking for a way to say
>"yes" to that question, and relativism isn't it.

Almost invariably when considering the relative value of one thing
over another, be it morals or consequences, people only consider those
aspects which justify a desired action or belief.  In justifying a
commitement to peace I might argue that it lets people live long &
healthy and peaceful lives.  While that much may well be true, it is
incomplete in ignoring the benefits of war - killing off the most
agressive member of society, trimming down the population, stimulating
production.  The equation is always more complex than presented.
To characterize relative morals as merely following one's own
conscience / desires is to unduly simplify it.

-- 
Ray Fischer                   "Convictions are more dangerous enemies of truth
ray@netcom.com                 than lies."  -- Friedrich Nietzsche

From: vdp@mayo.edu (Vinayak Dutt)
Subject: Re: Islamic Banks (was Re: Slavery

In article 28833@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au,  darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
#In <1993Apr14.143121.26376@bmw.mayo.edu> vdp@mayo.edu (Vinayak Dutt) writes:
#>So instead of calling it interest on deposits, you call it *returns on investements*
#>and instead of calling loans you call it *investing in business* (that is in other words
#>floating stocks in your company). 
#
#No, interest is different from a return on an investment.  For one
#thing, a return on an investment has greater risk, and not a set return
#(i.e. the amount of money you make can go up or down, or you might even
#lose money).  The difference is, the risk of loss is shared by the
#investor, rather than practically all the risk being taken by the
#borrower when the borrower borrows from the bank.
#

But is it different from stocks ?  If you wish to call an investor in stocks as
a banker, well then its your choice .....

#>Relabeling does not make it interest free !!
#
#It is not just relabeling, as I have explained above.

It  *is* relabeling ...
Also its still not interest free. The investor is still taking some money ... as
dividend on his investment ... ofcourse the investor (in islamic *banking*, its your
so called *bank*)  is taking more risk than the usual bank, but its still getting some
thing back in return .... 

Also have you heard of junk bonds ???


---Vinayak
-------------------------------------------------------
                                           vinayak dutt
                                   e-mail: vdp@mayo.edu

             standard disclaimers apply
-------------------------------------------------------



From: kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran)
Subject: We don't need no stinking subjects!

In article <1ql1avINN38a@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:
>>keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>>>kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:
>
>>No, if you're going to claim something, then it is up to you to prove it.
>>Think "Cold Fusion".
>
>Well, I've provided examples to show that the trend was general, and you
>(or others) have provided some counterexamples, mostly ones surrounding
>mating practices, etc.  I don't think that these few cases are enough to
>disprove the general trend of natural morality.  And, again, the mating
>practices need to be reexamined...

So what you're saying is that your mind is made up, and you'll just explain
away any differences at being statistically insignificant?

>>>Try to find "immoral" non-mating-related activities.
>>So you're excluding mating-related-activities from your "natural morality"?
>
>No, but mating practices are a special case.  I'll have to think about it
>some more.

So you'll just explain away any inconsistancies in your "theory" as being
"a special case".

>>>Yes, I think that the natural system can be objectively deduced with the
>>>goal of species propogation in mind.  But, I am not equating the two
>>>as you so think.  That is, an objective system isn't necessarily the
>>>natural one.
>>Are you or are you not the man who wrote:
>>"A natural moral system is the objective moral system that most animals
>> follow".
>
>Indeed.  But, while the natural system is objective, all objective systems
>are not the natural one.  So, the terms can not be equated.  The natural
>system is a subset of the objective ones.

You just equated them.  Re-read your own words.

>>Now, since homosexuality has been observed in most animals (including
>>birds and dolphins), are you going to claim that "most animals" have
>>the capacity of being immoral?
>
>I don't claim that homosexuality is immoral.  It isn't harmful, although
>it isn't helpful either (to the mating process).  And, when you say that
>homosexuality is observed in the animal kingdom, don't you mean "bisexuality?"

A study release in 1991 found that 11% of female seagulls are lesbians.

>>>Well, I'm saying that these goals are not inherent.  That is why they must
>>>be postulates, because there is not really a way to determine them
>>>otherwise (although it could be argued that they arise from the natural
>>>goal--but they are somewhat removed).
>>Postulate: To assume; posit.
>
>That's right.  The goals themselves aren't inherent.
>
>>I can create a theory with a postulate that the Sun revolves around the
>>Earth, that the moon is actually made of green cheese, and the stars are
>>the portions of Angels that intrudes into three-dimensional reality.
>
>You could, but such would contradict observations.

Now, apply this last sentence of your to YOUR theory.  Notice how your are
contridicting observations?

>>I can build a mathematical proof with a postulate that given the length
>>of one side of a triangle, the length of a second side of the triangle, and
>>the degree of angle connecting them, I can determine the length of the
>>third side.
>
>But a postulate is something that is generally (or always) found to be
>true.  I don't think your postulate would be valid.

You don't know much math, do you?  The ability to use SAS to determine the
length of the third side of the triangle is fundemental to geometry.

>>Guess which one people are going to be more receptive to.  In order to assume
>>something about your system, you have to be able to show that your postulates
>>work.
>
>Yes, and I think the goals of survival and happiness *do* work.  You think
>they don't?  Or are they not good goals?

Goals <> postulates.

Again, if one of the "goals" of this "objective/natural morality" system
you are proposing is "survival of the species", then homosexuality is
immoral.
--
=kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu | B(0-4) c- d- e++ f- g++ k(+) m r(-) s++(+) t | TSAKC=
=My thoughts, my posts, my ideas, my responsibility, my beer, my pizza.  OK???=

From: MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <1qkq9t$66n@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp writes:

(Attempting to define 'objective morality'):

> I'll take a wild guess and say Freedom is objectively valuable.  I base
> this on the assumption that if everyone in the world were deprived utterly
> of their freedom (so that their every act was contrary to their volition),
> almost all would want to complain.

      So long as you keep that "almost" in there, freedom will be a
mostly valuable thing, to most people. That is, I think you're really
saying, "a real big lot of people agree freedom is subjectively valuable
to them". That's good, and a quite nice starting point for a moral
system, but it's NOT UNIVERSAL, and thus not "objective".

> Therefore I take it that to assert or
> believe that "Freedom is not very valuable", when almost everyone can see
> that it is, is every bit as absurd as to assert "it is not raining" on
> a rainy day.

      It isn't in Sahara.

-- 
  Disclaimer?   "It's great to be young and insane!"

From: kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1ql06qINN2kf@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:
>>Schneider
>>>Natural morality may specifically be thought of as a code of ethics that
>>>a certain species has developed in order to survive.
>>Wait.  Are we talking about ethics or morals here?
>
>Is the distinction important?

Yes.

>>>We see this countless
>>>times in the animal kingdom, and such a "natural" system is the basis for
>>>our own system as well.
>>Huh?
>
>Well, our moral system seems to mimic the natural one, in a number of ways.

Please describe these "number of ways" in detail.  Then explain the any
contradictions that may arise.

>>>In order for humans to thrive, we seem to need
>>>to live in groups,
>>Here's your problem.  "we *SEEM* to need".  What's wrong with the highlighted
>>word?
>
>I don't know.  What is wrong?  Is it possible for humans to survive for
>a long time in the wild?  Yes, it's possible, but it is difficult.  Humans
>are a social animal, and that is a cause of our success.

Define "difficult".

>>>and in order for a group to function effectively, it
>>>needs some sort of ethical code.
>>This statement is not correct.
>
>Isn't it?  Why don't you think so?

Explain the laws in America stating that you have to drive on the right-
hand side of the road.

>>>And, by pointing out that a species' conduct serves to propogate itself,
>>>I am not trying to give you your tautology, but I am trying to show that
>>>such are examples of moral systems with a goal.  Propogation of the species
>>>is a goal of a natural system of morality.
>>So anybody who lives in a monagamous relationship is not moral?  After all,
>>in order to ensure propogation of the species, every man should impregnate
>>as many women as possible.
>
>No.  As noted earlier, lack of mating (such as abstinence or homosexuality)
>isn't really destructive to the system.  It is a worst neutral.

So if every member of the species was homosexual, this wouldn't be destructive
to the survival of the species?

>>For that matter, in herds of horses, only the dominate stallion mates.  When
>>he dies/is killed/whatever, the new dominate stallion is the only one who
>>mates.  These seems to be a case of your "natural system of morality" trying
>>to shoot itself in the figurative foot.
>
>Again, the mating practices are something to be reexamined...

The whole "theory" needs to be reexamined...
--
=kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu | B(0-4) c- d- e++ f- g++ k(+) m r(-) s++(+) t | TSAKC=
=My thoughts, my posts, my ideas, my responsibility, my beer, my pizza.  OK???=

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
> Simple.  Take out some physics books, and start looking for statements which
> say that there is no objective physics.  I doubt you will find any.  You
> might find statements that there is no objective length, or no objective
> location, but no objective _physics_?

Perhaps you have a different understanding of what "physics" is.  If we
can't measure anything objectively, then the answers we get from physics
aren't objective either.  That's what I mean when I say there's no objective
physics.

Sure, we can all agree that (say) F = GMm/r^2, but that's maths.  It's only
physics when you relate it to the real world, and if we can't do that
objectively, we're stuck.  (Of course, this displays my blatant bias towards
applied science; but even theoretical physics gets applied to models of real
world situations, based on real world observations.)

>                 (Consider, for instance, that speed-of-light-in-
> vacuum is invariant.  This sounds an awful lot like an objective
> speed-of-light-in-vacuum.)

It's an axiom that it's invariant.  But if the two of us measure it, we'll
get different answers.  Yes, we call that experimental error, but it's not
really "error" in the conventional sense; in fact, if you don't get any,
that's an error :-)

You could argue that the value of c is "objective, to within +/- <some
value>".  But I'd call that a rather odd usage of the word "objective", and
it opens the way for statements like "Murder is objectively wrong for all
people, to within 1% of the total population."


mathew

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Burden of Proof

watson@sce.carleton.ca (Stephen Watson) writes:
>kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>>In article <healta.171.735538331@saturn.wwc.edu> healta@saturn.wwc.edu
>>(Tammy R Healy) writes:
>>>>        "FBI officials said cult leader David Koresh may have 
>>>>         forced followers to remain as flames closed in. Koresh's 
>>>>         armed guard may have injected as many as 24 children with 
>>>>         poison to quiet them."
>>>>
>>>Do the FBI have proof of this yet?!
> 
>>    Why ask me? I am only quoting the FBI official. Why not ask the FBI?
> 
> Myabe they're lying to cover up, or maybe they're telling the truth.

The 24 children were, of course, killed by a lone gunman in a second story
window, who fired eight bullets in the space of two seconds...


mathew

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Cults Vs. Religions?

mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
> To the media, "religion" and "cult" have about the same relative
> connotations as "government" and "terrorist group".

Yes, each is a form of the other.

Charley an anarchist?  No, just true words being spoken in jest.


mathew

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

mccullou@snake12.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
> We seem to be agreeing that the soldiers were just doing their job
> as best they could, following orders.  

Proof positive that some people are beyond satire.


mathew

From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Are atoms real? (was Re: After 2000 years blah blah blah)

kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko) writes:
>mathew (mathew@mantis.co.uk) wrote:
>> What is the difference between a "_chemist_" and someone who is taught
>> Chemistry at, say, Cambridge University?
> 
> Put like this, I can't answer. I was originally pointing out that your
> attitude _seemed to be_ (I don't know if it really was) that chemists
> tend to ignore all kinds of effects;

When they're not important, yes.  All scientists do.  Otherwise science would
never get anywhere.

>                                     your original posting stated that
> when doing chemistry, it is common to ignore atomic interactions,

Hang about -- not atomic interactions in general.  Just specific ones which
are deemed unimportant.  Like gravitational interactions between ions, which
are so small they're drowned out by electrostatic effects, and so on.

>> Has there been some revolution in teaching methods in the last four years?
> 
> Perhaps this revolution has yet to reach Cambridge (my, now I'll get
> flamed for sure;-) ).

Oh, probably.  They still make people memorize equations and IR spectra. 
Maybe in a few decades they'll discover the revolutionary "data book"
technique.


Bitter and twisted, mathew

From: turpin@cs.utexas.edu (Russell Turpin)
Subject: Re: History & texts (was: Ancient references to Christianity)

-*----
I wrote:
>> The diaries of the followers of the Maharishi, formerly of
>> Oregon, are historical evidence.  

In article <2944756297.1.p00261@psilink.com> "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
> Are you confusing Bhagwan Rajneesh (sp?) with the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
> here by any chance?

I believe that Maharishi is titular.  (Someone please correct me if 
I am wrong.)  Thus, Maharishi Rajneesh is a different person from
Maharishi Mahesh, but they are both Maharishis.

Russell

From: John A. Johnson <J5J@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1r39kh$itp@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank
O'Dwyer) says:
>
[ . . .]
>Specifically, I'd like to know what relativism concludes when two
>people grotesquely disagree.  Is it:
>
>(a) Both are right
>
>(b) One of them is wrong, and sometimes (though perhaps rarely) we have a
>    pretty good idea who it is
>
>(c) One of them is wrong, but we never have any information as to who, so
>    we make our best guess if we really must make a decision.
>
>(d) The idea of a "right" moral judgement is meaningless (implying that
>     whether peace is better than war, e.g., is a meaningless question,
>     and need not be discussed for it has no correct answer)
>
>(e) Something else.  A short, positive assertion would be nice.
>
>As I hope you can tell, (b) and (c) are actually predicated on
>the assumption that values are real  - so statements like these
>_can't_ consistently derive from the relativist assumption that values
>aren't part of objective reality.

I am a relativist who would like to answer your question, but the way you
phrase the question makes it unanswerable.  The concepts of "right"
and "wrong" (or "correct/incorrect" or "true/false") belong to the
domain of epistemological rather than moral questions.  It makes no
sense to ask if a moral position is right or wrong, although it is
legitimate to ask if it is good (or better than another position).

Let me illustrate this point by looking at the psychological derivatives
of epistemology and ethics:  perception and motivation, respectively.
One can certainly ask if a percept is "right" (correct, true,
veridical) or "wrong" (incorrect, false, illusory).  But it makes little
sense to ask if a motive is true or false.  On the other hand, it is
strange to ask whether a percept is morally good or evil, but one can
certainly ask that question about motives.

Therefore, your suggested answers (a)-(c) simply can't be considered:
they assume you can judge the correctness of a moral judgment.

Now the problem with (d) is that it is double-barrelled:  I agree with
the first part (that the "rightness" of a moral position is a
meaningless question), for the reasons stated above.  But that is
irrelevant to the alleged implication (not an implication at all) that
one cannot feel peace is better than war.  I certainly can make
value judgments (bad, better, best) without asserting the "correctness"
of the position.

Sorry for the lengthy dismissal of (a)-(d).  My short (e) answer is
that when two individuals grotesquely disagree on a moral issue,
neither is right (correct) or wrong (incorrect).  They simply hold
different moral values (feelings).
-----------------------------------
John A. Johnson (J5J@psuvm.psu.edu)
Department of Psychology Penn State DuBois Campus 15801
Penn State is not responsible for my behavior.
"A ruthless, doctrinaire avoidance of degeneracy is a degeneracy of
 another sort.  Getting drunk and picking up bar-ladies and writing
 metaphysics is a part of life."  - from _Lila_ by R. Pirsig

From: swf@elsegundoca.ncr.com (Stan Friesen)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

[This is SWF in another indirect post via Dan].

In article <1993Apr20.150829.27925@asl.dl.nec.com>,
duffy@aslss02.asl.dl.nec.com (Joseph Duffy) writes:
|> In article <1993Apr17.184948.4847@microsoft.com>
russpj@microsoft.com (Russ Paul-Jones) writes:
|> >
|> >The same way that any theory is proven false.  You examine the
predicitions
|> >that the theory makes, and try to observe them.  If you don't, or
if you
|> >observe things that the theory predicts wouldn't happen, then you
have some
|> >evidence against the theory.  If the theory can't be modified to
|> >incorporate the new observations, then you say that it is false.
|>
|> But how does one handle the nonrepeatability of the experiment? In
many types of
|> experiments the "prediction" is that the observed phenomena will
happen again
|> and be capable of being observed. For example, in chemistry someone
may predict
|> the outcome of a chemical reaction and then actually observe that
reaction
|> repeatedly.

There are several problems here. First, you are discussing only
experimental procedures. Observational procedures are also useful.  The
main criterion is attempting to verify an idea by using it to make
prediction about as-yet unmade observations. The observations could be
the result of an experiment, or they could be obsevations of activity
occuring spontaneossly in nature, or they could even be observations of
the lasting results of events long past. All that matters is that the
observations be *new*.  This is what prediction is about in science -
it is
*not* about predicting the future except in this very restricted
sense.

Secondly, repeatability can also take many forms.  It is really just
the
requirement that independent observers be able to verify the results.
The
observation of a fossil is 'repeatable', since any qualified observer
may
look at it (this is why the specimens are reqtined in a museum).  Also,
there is the implicit prediction that future fossil finds will
correspond
to the current one.  New fossils are found often enough that this is
tested regularly.  Many times a new fossil actually falsifies some
conclusion made on the basis of previous fossils.

Unfortunately for you, the models that were falsified have alway been
peripheral to the model of evolution we now have.  (For instance, the
front legs of Tyrannosaurus rex turned out to have tremendous muscles,
rather than being weakly endowed as previously believed).

So, in fact, histoircal science findings *are* repeatable in the
necessary sense.  Just becuase you cannot go out and repeat the
original
event does *not* make it impossible to make valid observations.

[This is not to say that biologists would not go coo-coo if extra-
terrestrial life were discovered - that could make the determination
of the process of abiogenesis relatively easy].

--
sarima@teradata.com                     (formerly tdatirv!sarima)
  or
Stanley.Friesen@ElSegundoCA.ncr.com

sarima@teradata.com			(formerly tdatirv!sarima)
  or
Stanley.Friesen@ElSegundoCA.ncr.com


From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr25.031703.5230@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>The intent of my post (as I remember it) was to show that you cannot
>argue against any religion (or ideology, for that matter) by the actions
>of those who claim to be its followers.  You have to look at the
>teachings of the religion (or the principles of the ideology) _itself_.
>There is no getting around this.
>
>So to argue against Islam, you have to go to the Qur'an.  Bringing up
>Khomeini (or anyone else) is relevant to discussing Khomeini, but not
>_necessarily_ relevant to discussing Islam _as a religion_.

Sorry, Fred, but for the purposes under discussion here, I must
disagree.  Your point is true only in the sense that one cannot argue
against communism by reference to the Chinese or Soviet empires, since
those did not represent *true* communism.  In judging the practical
consequences of Islam as a force to contend with in the world today,
it is precisely the Khomeini's of the world, the Rushdie-fatwa
supporters, and perhaps more importantly, the reaction of the world
Muslim community to those extremists, that we must look to.  Perhaps
unfortunately from your perspective, most people are not concerned
with whether Islam is the right religion for them, or whether the
Qur'an could be used as a guidebook for a hypothetical utopia, but how
Islam affects the world around them, or what their lives might be like
if Islam gains in influence.  When I consider such possibilities, it
is with not inconsiderable fear.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Hoban (was Re: The Inimitable Rushdie)

In article <116540@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
[Interchange on Hoban deleted]

>This post of mine also illustrates that I am not simply a reactionary
>who hates any book which doesn't go out of its way to avoid upsetting
>religionists. 

Only those you haven't actually read?  Sorry, but the irony remains.

>I reiterate for the nth time also that I don't agree with K's fatwa, 
>nor do I support censorship. My point in the original thread has been 
>to show why Rushdie is not particularly due sympathy by those who hold 
>their religion in high esteem and don't enjoy seeing things which slander
>it (like the story of the Satanic Verses (as opposed to the Rushdie's
>_TSV_)) played with for amusement.

So although you don't agree with the fatwa, and apparently don't think
Rushdie should be killed for his book, yet you think he is not due
sympathy for being being under this threat.  Furthermore you base this
reaction solely on the fact that he wrote about a particular
well-known story which -- if true -- might reflect poorly on the
absolute truth of your religion.  Yet, this opinion is formed without
recourse to actually looking to see how the story is used in context,
accepting at face value the widespread propaganda on just what this
book contains and what the author's motivations are.  And then you
come forward and recommend another book which touches on (presumably
"plays with") religious/historical material because you find its
overall presentation neutral!
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:

>This is fascinating. Atheists argue for abortion, defend homosexuality
>as a means of population control, insist that the only values are
>biological and condemn war and capital punishment. According to
>Benedikt, if something is contardictory, it cannot exist, which in
>this case means atheists I suppose.
>I would like to understand how an atheist can object to war (an
>excellent means of controlling population growth), or to capital
>punishment, I'm sorry but the logic escapes me.

First, you seem to assume all atheists think alike.  An atheist does not
believe in the existence of a god.  Our opinions on issues such as 
capital punishment and abortion, however, vary greatly.  

If you were attacking the views of a particular atheist (Benedikt, I 
presume), then please present your argument as such and do not lump us
all together.

As for the issues, let's start with abortion.  Personally, I do not support
abortion as a means of population control or contraception-after-the-fact.
However, I support the right of any woman to have an abortion, regardless
of what my personal views may be, because it would be arrogant of me to tell
any individual what he/she may or may not do to his/her body, and the domain
of legislators should not extend into the uterus.  That's my opinion, and I
am sure many atheists and theists would disagree with me.

I do not defend homosexuality as a means of population control, but I 
certainly defend it as an end to itself.  I think most homosexuals would
be angered to hear of anyone characterizing their personal relationship as
nothing more than a conscious effort to keep population levels down.  

As for atheists believing all values are biological, I have no idea what
you're talking about.

Finally, there are the issues of war and capital punishment.  An atheist
can object to either one just as easily as a theist might.  You seem to
be hung up on some supposed conspiratorial link between atheism and 
population control.  Could this be the "atheist cause" you were referring 
to a few posts back?

-- 
---                      __  _______                              ---
||| Kevin Marshall       \ \/ /_  _/  Computer Science Department |||
||| Virginia Tech         \  / / /     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu |||
--- Blacksburg, Virginia   \/ /_/                  (703) 232-6529 ---

From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

tgk@cs.toronto.edu (Todd Kelley) writes:

>Faith and dogma are irrational.  The faith and dogma part of any religion
>are responsible for the irrationality of the individuals.

I disagree.  In the end, the *individual* is responsible for his/her own
irrationality.  The individual's belief in some dogmatic religion is a 
symptom of that irrationality.

>Have you noticed that philosophers tend to be atheists?

Atheists and agnostics, I would imagine, but yes, that was my point.  An
atheist would theoretically be just as ill-equipped to study the philosophy
of religion as a Christian, and yet there is a persistence of atheists
among the ranks of philosophers.  Therefore, the conflict between one's
religious beliefs (or lack thereof) and the ability to be a philosopher
must not be as great as you assert.  The fact that most philosophers may
be non-religious was a secondary point.


>Science, (as would be practiced by atheists) in contrast, has a
>BUILT IN defence against faith and dogma.

As opposed to science practiced by theists?  Be careful here.

Science does have a built-in defence against faith and dogma:
skepticism.  Unfortunately, it is not foolproof.  There is that 
wonderful little creature known as the "theory."  Many of us believe in
the theory of evolution.  We have no absolute proof that this 
theory is true, so why do we believe it?  Because it "makes more 
sense than...?"  There is quite a bit of faith involved here.


>A scientist holds sacred the idea that beliefs should change to
>suit whatever is the best information available at the time, AND,
>*AND*, ****AND***, a scientist understands that any current beliefs
>are deficient in some way.

Well, not ALL current beliefs are deficient, but basically I agree.


>Can you see the difference?  Science views beliefs as being flawed,
>and new information can be obtained to improve them.

Ideally, this is true.  In reality, though, you have to acknowledge
that scientists are human.  Scientists have egos and biases.  Some
scientists assume a particular theory is true, refuse to admit the
flaws in that theory because of ego problems or whatever, and proceed
to spend their time and money trying to come up with absolute proof 
for the theory.  Remember cold fusion?


>>By the way, I wasn't aware mass suicide
>>was a problem.  Waco and Jonestown were isolated incidents.  
>>Mass suicides are far from common.
>
>Clinton and the FBI would love for you to convince them of this.
>It would save the US taxpayer a lot of money if you could.

Not really.  I agree that we spent far too much money on the Waco
crisis ($7,500,000 I believe), especially considering the outcome.
My point was that mass suicides in the U.S. are rare (Jonestown was
in Guyana, incidentally, although we footed the bill for the clean-up),
and the U.S. has far more important issues to address.  Compare the
number of U.S. citizens who have died in mass suicides with, say, the
number of U.S. soldiers who died during one week of the Vietnam War and
you will see my point.

-- 
---                      __  _______                              ---
||| Kevin Marshall       \ \/ /_  _/  Computer Science Department |||
||| Virginia Tech         \  / / /     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu |||
--- Blacksburg, Virginia   \/ /_/                  (703) 232-6529 ---

From: scharle@lukasiewicz.cc.nd.edu (scharle)
Subject: Re: Rawlins debunks creationism

In article <1r4dglINNkv2@ctron-news.ctron.com>, king@ctron.com (John E. King) writes:
|> 
|> 
|> kv07@IASTATE.EDU (Warren Vonroeschlaub) writes:
|> 
|> 
|> 
|> >  Neither I, nor Webster's has ever heard of Francis Hitchings.  Who is he? 
|> >Please do not answer with "A well known evolutionist" or some other such
|> >informationless phrase.
|> 
|> He is a paleontologist and author of "The Neck of the Giraffe".  The
|> quote was taken from pg. 103.
|> 
|> Jack

    For your information, I checked the Library of Congress catalog,
and they list the following books by Francis Hitching:

    Earth Magic

    The Neck of the Giraffe, or Where Darwin Went Wrong

    Pendulum: the Psi Connection

    The World Atlas of Mysteries

-- 
Tom Scharle                |scharle@irishmvs
Room G003 Computing Center |scharle@lukasiewicz.cc.nd.edu
University of Notre Dame  Notre Dame, IN 46556-0539 USA

From: scharle@lukasiewicz.cc.nd.edu (scharle)
Subject: Re: Rawlins debunks creationism

In article <30151@ursa.bear.com>, halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
|> In article <C5snCL.J8o@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu>, adpeters@sunflower.bio.indiana.edu (Andy Peters) writes:
|> 
|> >Evolution, as I have said before, is theory _and_ fact.  It is exactly
|> >the same amount of each as the existence of atoms and the existence of
|> >gravity.  If you accept the existence of atoms and gravity as fact,
|> >then you should also accept the existence of evolution as fact.
|> >
|> >-- 
|> >--Andy
|> 
|> I don't accept atoms or gravity as fact either.  They are extremely useful
|> mathematical models to describe physical observations we can make.
|> Other posters have aptly explained the atomic model.  Gravity, too, is
|> very much a theory; no gravity waves have even been detected, but we
|> have a very useful model that describes much of the behavior on
|> objects by this thing we _call_ gravity.  Gravity, however, is _not_ 
|> a fact.  It is a theoretical model used to talk about how objects 
|> behave in our physical environment.  Newton thought gravity was a
|> simple vector force; Einstein a wave. Both are very useful models that 
|> have no religious overtones or requirements of faith, unless of course you 
|> want to demand that it is a factual physical entity described exactly 
|> the way the theory now formulated talks about it.  That takes a great 
|> leap of faith, which, of course, is what religion takes.  Evolution
|> is no different.
|> 
|> -- 
|>  jim halat         halat@bear.com     
|> bear-stearns       --whatever doesn't kill you will only serve to annoy you--
|>    nyc             i speak only for myself

    What do you accept as a fact --  the roundness of the earth (after 
all, the ancient Greeks thought it was a sphere, and then Newton said 
it was a spheroid, and now people say it's a geoid [?])?  yourself 
(isn't your personal identity just a theoretical construct to make 
sense of memories, feelings, perceptions)?  I'm trying to think of 
anything that would be a fact for you.  Give some examples, and let's
see how factual they are by your criteria (BTW, what are your
criteria?).

    "Gravity is _not_ a fact": is that a fact?  How about Newton's 
and Einstein's thoughts about gravity -- is it a fact that they had 
those thoughts?  I don't see how any of the things that you are 
asserting are any more factual than things like gravity, atoms or 
evolution.

    In short, before I am willing to consider your concept of what
a fact is, I'm going to have to have, as a minimum, some examples of
what you think are facts.

-- 
Tom Scharle                |scharle@irishmvs
Room G003 Computing Center |scharle@lukasiewicz.cc.nd.edu
University of Notre Dame  Notre Dame, IN 46556-0539 USA

From: sjs28257@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu (Steve Stelter)
Subject: Re: Mottos to replace "In doG we trust"

pepke@dirac.scri.fsu.edu (Eric Pepke) writes:

>"In Mammon We Trust"
>"Hey, this is just a piece of paper!"
>"Spend Me Quickly"

"This is your god" (from John Carpenter's "They Live," natch)



                         --Steve "The Lurking Horror" Stelter
                           sjs28257@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu

From: datepper@phoenix.Princeton.EDU (David Aaron Tepper)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <30136@ursa.bear.com> halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
>In article <1qjd3o$nlv@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
>>Firstly, science has its basis in values, not the other way round.
>>So you better explain what objective atoms are, and how we get them
>>from subjective values, before we go any further.
>
>Atoms are not objective.  They aren't even real.  What scientists call
>an atom is nothing more than a mathematical model that describes 
>certain physical, observable properties of our surroundings.  All
>of which is subjective.  

[rest deleted...]

You were a liberal arts major, weren'tcha?

Guess you never saw that photo of the smallest logo in the world--
"IBM" made with noble gas atoms (krypton? xenon? I forget the
specifics).

Atoms, trees, electrons are all independently observable and
verifiable. Morals aren't. See the difference?

Tep
-- 
Men who love brown tend to be warm and deep, sensitive to the needs and
desires of their partners. Sex is a 24 hour a day thing. Snuggling by
the fire, walking in the rain or catching snowflakes on their tongue is
a real turn-on to a lover of brown. (thanx becka!)

Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)
From: SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (SCOTT D. SAUYET)

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:   >
  ( in <1993Apr16.163729.867@batman.bmd.trw.com> )
  ( responding to Dave "First With Official A.A Nickname" Fuller )
 
[ ... ]
> The death penalty IS a deterrent, Dave.  The person executed will never
> commit a crime again.  Guaranteed.      [ ... ]

That means that it is an effective anti-recidivism measure.  It does
not say that it deters an individual from committing a capital crime
in the first place.

The true question is whether the threat of death is likely to actually
stop one from murdering.  (Or commiting treason -- are there any other
capital crimes anywhere in the USA?)  That is, if there were no death
penalty, would its introduction deter a would-be criminal from
committing her/his crime?  I doubt it.

This is only the first step.  Even if it were a strong deterrent
(short of being a complete deterrent) I would reject it.  For what
about the case of the innocent executed?

And even if we could eliminate this possibility, I would reject the
death penalty as immoral. This makes me something of a radical on
the issue, although I think there are many opponents of captial
punishment who agree with me, but who find the innocent executed the
strongest argument to make.

I would, if magically placed in charge, facilitate state-aided suicide
for criminals who have life-sentences.  This could be a replacement
for capital punishment.  Those who don't want to live the rest of
their lives in jail would always have this option.

 -- Scott Sauyet                 ssauyet@eagle.wesleyan.edu

From: MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <C5L1tG.K5q@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu writes:

> If some society came up with a good reason for why rape and murder are ok I 
> would be consistent with my position and hold that it was still wrong.  My 
> basis of morality is not on societal norms, or on current legalities.  My
> basis is, surprise surprise, on both the Bible and on inherent moral
> abhorrences,

      AH! But what, exactly, is "inherently abhorrent" and WHY is it so?
What you're saying is, in effect, "I think some things are repulsive,
and I know a whole bunch of other people who agree with me, so they
should be deemed absolutely immoral now and forever, period".

      Which in and of itself is nice enough; to some extent I agree with
you. But I do _not_ agree that things are 'inherently' or 'absolutely'
immoral; they are labeled 'immoral' each for its own good reason, and if
the reason can even theoretically change, then so can the label.

[...]
> Yes, that's vague, and the only way I know off the top of my head to
> defend it is to say that all humans are similarly made. Yes, that falls
> into the trap of creation,

      No it doesn't. Humans are to some extent similar, because we all
belong to the same species; that that species has evolved is another
story altogether. To a certain extent evolution can even lend credence
to moral absolutism (of a flavour).

[...]
> My arguments are that it is better to exhibit trust, goodness, 
> love, respect, courage, and honesty in any society rather than deceipt,
> hatred, disrespect, "cowardness", and dishonesty.

      You're saying morality is what'll keep society alive and kicking.
It is, I think, up to a point; but societies are not all alike, and
neither are their moralities.

> No, I haven't been everywhere and 
> seen everyone, but, according to my thesis, I don't have to, since I hold that
> we were all created similarly.

      Similar != identical.

> If that makes an unfalsifiable thesis, just say
> so, and I'll both work out what I can and punt to fellow theists.

      No, it's falsifiable through finding someoe who was "created
different", whatever that might be in the "real" world.

-- 
  Disclaimer?   "It's great to be young and insane!"

From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1qla0g$afp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>In article <115565@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>|> >I hope an Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI, which
>|> >ripped off so many small depositors among the Muslim
>|> >community in the Uk and elsewhere.

>|> Grow up, childish propagandist.

>Gregg, I'm really sorry if having it pointed out that in practice
>things aren't quite the wonderful utopia you folks seem to claim
>them to be upsets you..

You have done no such thing.


>BBCI was an example of an Islamically owned and operated bank -
>what will someone bet me they weren't "real" Islamic owners and
>operators?

An Islamic bank is a bank which operates according to the rules
of Islam in regard to banking. This is done explicitly by the
bank. This was not the case with BCCI.

>And why did these naive depositors put their life savings into
>BCCI rather than the nasty interest-motivated western bank down
>the street?   

This is crap. BCCI was motivated by the same motives as other
international banks, with perhaps an emphasis on dealing with
outlaws and the intelligence services of various governments.

>So please don't try to con us into thinking that it will all 
>work out right next time.

Back to childish propaganda again. You really ought to get a life
rather than wasting bandwith on such empty typing. There are thousands
of Islamic banks operating throughout the world which no-one ever hears
about. If you want to talk about corrupted banks we can talk about
all the people who've been robbed by American banks. 


Gregg




From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <1qlb7oINN684@shelley.u.washington.edu> 
jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan) writes:


>20:52 P.S.T.  I come to my senses and accept the all-knowing
>wisdom and power of the Quran and Allah.  Not only that, but Allah 
>himself drops by to congratulate me on my wise choice. Allah rolls a
>few bones and we get down.  Then Allah gets out the Crisco, bends 
>over, and invites me to take a spin around the block.  Wow.


>20:56 P.S.T.  I realize that maybe Allah is looking for more of a 
>commitment than I'm ready for, so I say "Man, I've got some
>programming to do.  Gotta go.  I'll call you."


>20:59 P.S.T   Thinking it over, I renounce Islam.

What loyalty!

Jim, it seems you've been reading a little too much Russell Hoban
lately. As Hemingway said, my imitators always imitate the _bad_
aspects of my writing. Hoban would, no doubt, say the same here.



Gregg

From: kv07@IASTATE.EDU (Warren Vonroeschlaub)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <C5L184.Jo9@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
writes:
>In <1qlapk$d7v@morrow.stanford.edu> salem@pangea.Stanford.EDU (Bruce Salem) 
>writes:
>>In article <C5JrDE.M4z@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
>Cobb) writes:
>>>Theory of Creationism: MY theistic view of the theory of creationism, (there
>>>are many others) is stated in Genesis 1.  In the beginning God created
>>>the heavens and the earth.
>
>> Wonderful, now try alittle imaginative thinking!
>
>Huh? Imaginative thinking? What did that have to do with what I said? Would it
>have been better if I said the world has existed forever and never was created
>and has an endless supply of energy and there was spontaneous generation of 
>life from non-life?  WOuld that make me all-wise, and knowing, and
imaginative?

  No, but at least it would be a theory.

 |  __L__
-|-  ___  Warren Kurt vonRoeschlaub
 |  | o | kv07@iastate.edu
 |/ `---' Iowa State University
/|   ___  Math Department
 |  |___| 400 Carver Hall
 |  |___| Ames, IA  50011
 J  _____

From: MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In <93106.155002JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu> <JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:

      Who cares what the fellow wrote anyway? I mean, it came from
PSUVM, so how could it possibly have been of any importance?

=====

(disperse smileys until no longer offended)


-- 
  Disclaimer?   "It's great to be young and insane!"

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: FAKE GOD, HOLY LIES

In article <1993Apr22.130421.113279@zeus.calpoly.edu>, dmcaloon@tuba.calpoly.edu (David McAloon) writes:
>
> REMEMBER: Einstien said Imagination is greater than knowledge!!

Then Einstein should have had lunch with me at the Tien Fu
on Castro Street yesterday, when they handed me a fortune
cookie that said "He who has imagination but not knowledge
has wings, but no feet".

jon.

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

See, I told you there was an atheist mythology, thanks for proving my
point.

Bill

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

Maddi Hausmann (madhaus@netcom.com) wrote:

: But how do we know that you're representing the REAL Christians?
: ;-)

: Bill, you're an asshole.  Get lost.

Maddi,

I see that you still can't grasp the obvious, is it because your are devious
by nature, or can you only find fault with an argument by
misrepresenting it?

I plainly said that I was stating the Christian position as I
understand it, I did not say whether I agree with it since my point
was that the only flaws in that position are those atheists invent.
I have never claimed to be an expert on anything and especially
Christianity, but I have made it an object of pretty intense study
over the years, so I feel qualified to discuss what its general
propositions are.

What offends you is that I have exposed the distortions and
misrepresentations of Christianity you contrive and then rail against,
(which seems more like the classical strawman dodge than what I said)
This leaves you with nothing but to attack but me. As usual, you
avoid the larger issues by picking away at the insignificant stuff, why not
find one particular thing in my post that we can discuss, or can you
even tell me what the issues are?

Bill

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5uuL0.n1C@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
|> 
|> Many of the atheists posting here argue against their own parody of
|> religion; they create some ridiculous caricature of a religion and
|> then attack the believers within that religion and the religion itself
|> as ridiculous. By their own devices, they establish a new religion, a
|> mythology.

You mean Bobby Mozumder is a myth?    We wondered about that.

|> The point of course, is to erect an easy target and deflect the
|> disputants away from the real issue - atheism. The fictional Christian
|> or Moslem or Jew who is supposed to believe the distorted
|> representation of their beliefs presented here, is therefore made to
|> seem a fool and his/her arguments can thereby be made to appear
|> ludicrous. The mythology is the misrepresentations of religion used
|> here as fact.

You mean Bobby Mozumder didn't really post here?   We wondered
about that, too.

So, Mr Conner.   Is Bobby Mozumder a myth, a performing artist, 
a real Moslem. a crackpot, a provocateur?    You know everything
and read all minds: why don't you tell us?

jon.

From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5uuL0.n1C@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>Many of the atheists posting here argue against their own parody of
>religion; they create some ridiculous caricature of a religion and
>then attack the believers within that religion and the religion itself
>as ridiculous. By their own devices, they establish a new religion, a
>mythology. 

	That is not an "atheism mythology" in any sense of the word.
"Religious paradoy" would be significantly more appropriate.

	The 2nd part is rendered null and void by the simple fact that I
do know several "strong" atheists. I am sure that others do. I myself am
"strong" in the sense that I find the standard concept of God without any
meaning. Any attempt to bring meaning either results in the destruction of 
the viability of language, or in internal self contradiction. 

	The concept of strong atheism is not just a whimsical fantasy. They, 
and I, exist.

	Your strawman is pointless and weak.

---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5uxJ9.pJ@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:

>See, I told you there was an atheist mythology, thanks for proving my
>point.
>
>Bill

	Considering what you quoted and refered to was blank, I must say:
touche!

	Of course, you are correct, there is no atheistic mythology employed 
on this board. Or, if there is, it is null and void.


---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5uzpE.18p@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:

>What offends you is that I have exposed the distortions and
>misrepresentations of Christianity you contrive and then rail against,
>(which seems more like the classical strawman dodge than what I said)
>This leaves you with nothing but to attack but me. As usual, you
>avoid the larger issues by picking away at the insignificant stuff, why not
>find one particular thing in my post that we can discuss, or can you
>even tell me what the issues are?

	Let me guess: you're not a psycho-analyst in real life, but you play 
one on alt.atheism. Right?


	Is ESP something you have been given by God?
---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)
From: sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed)

In article <1993Apr22.015922.7418@daffy.cs.wisc.edu> mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
>In article <37501@optima.cs.arizona.edu> sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed) writes:
>>BULLSHIT!!! In the Gulf Massacre, 7% of all ordnance used was "smart." The
>>rest - that's 93% - was just regular, dumb ol' iron bombs and stuff.

>I have heard figures closer to 80%, ...

>>And of the 7% that was the "smart" stuff, 35% hit. Again - try to follow me
>>here - that means 65% of this "smart" arsenal missed.

>Most figures I have seen place the hit ratio close to 70%, which is 
>still far higher than your 35%.

>> I have a source that says that to date, the civilian death count
>>(er, excuse me, I mean "collateral damage") is about 200,000.

>I have _never_ seen any source that was claiming such a figure.  Please
>post the source so its reliability can be judged.  

Obviously, we have different sources. Bill Moyers (who happens to be a
theist, to tie this to alt.atheism!) in his PBS documentary "After The
War" is my main source. (I think I still have it on videotape.) Others
include The Nation and The Progressive.

The rest of the article is mere rationalisation. You may claim that
sanitation plants are strategic "legitimate" targets, but what happens to
the civilians in a city with no sewer system? What happens to the
civilians when you destroy water purification plants? And when hospitals
can't handle the resultant epidemics, because there is no more electricity?

And what exactly are your sources? We have all, I'm sure, seen Postol's
interviews in the media where he demostrates how the Pentagon lied about
the Patriot's effectiveness; what is your source for the 70%
effectiveness you claim?

In any case, I don't know if this is relevant to alt.atheism. How about
if we move it somewhere else?

-s
--
  Shamim Mohamed / {uunet,noao,cmcl2..}!arizona!shamim / shamim@cs.arizona.edu
  "Take this cross and garlic; here's a Mezuzah if he's Jewish; a page of the
    Koran if he's a Muslim; and if he's a Zen Buddhist, you're on your own."
   Member of the League for Programming Freedom - write to lpf@uunet.uu.net

From: hyder@cs.utexas.edu (Syed Irfan Hyder)
Subject: Re: The Qur'an and atheists (was Re: Jewish Settlers Demolish a Mosque in Gaza)

In article <2944846190.2.p00261@psilink.com> "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
::DATE:   Sun, 25 Apr 1993 10:13:30 GMT
::FROM:   Fred Rice <darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au:
::
::
::The Qur'an talks about those who take their lusts and worldly desires for 
::their "god".
::
::I think this probably encompasses most atheists.
::
:: Fred Rice
:: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   
:
:As well as all the Muslim men screwing fourteen year old prostitutes in
:Thailand.  Got a better quote?
:

I wonder if the above quote forms  the justification for athiesm, and
the equanimity with which their belief is arrived at!!!!!


From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

Andrew Newell (TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu) wrote:
: >
: >I think you're letting atheist mythology confuse you on the issue of

: (WEBSTER:  myth:  "a traditional or legendary story...
:            ...a belief...whose truth is accepted uncritically.")

: How does that qualify?
: Indeed, it's almost oxymoronic...a rather amusing instance.
: I've found that most atheists hold almost no atheist-views as
: "accepted uncritically," especially the few that are legend.
: Many are trying to explain basic truths, as myths do, but
: they don't meet the other criterions.

Andrew,

The myth to which I refer is the convoluted counterfeit athiests have
created to make religion appear absurd. Rather than approach religion
(including Christainity) in a rational manner and debating its claims
-as the are stated-, atheists concoct outrageous parodies and then
hold the religious accountable for beliefs they don't have. What is
more accurately oxymoric is the a term like, reasonable atheist.

Bill

: >Divine justice. According to the most fundamental doctrines of
: >Christianity, When the first man sinned, he was at that time the

: You accuse him of referencing mythology, then you procede to
: launch your own xtian mythology.  (This time meeting all the
: requirements of myth.)
 
Here's a good example of of what I said above. Read the post again, I
said, "Acoording to ...", which means I am referring to Christian
doctrine (as I understand it), if I am speaking for myself you'll know
it. My purpose in posting was to present a basic overview of Christain
doctrines since it seemed germane.

Bill

: >with those who pretend not to know what is being said and what it
: >means. When atheists claim that they do -not- know if God exists and
: >don't know what He wants, they contradict the Bible which clearly says
: >that -everyone- knows. The authority of the Bible is its claim to be

: ...should I repeat what I wrote above for the sake of getting
: it across?  You may trust the Bible, but your trusting it doesn't
: make it any more credible to me.
: If the Bible says that everyone knows, that's clearly reason
: to doubt the Bible, because not everyone "knows" your alleged
: god's alleged existance.

Again I am paraphrasing Christian doctrine which is very clear on this
point, your dispute is not with me ...

Bill

: >refuted while the species-wide condemnation is justified. Those that
: >claim that there is no evidence for the existence of God or that His will is
: >unknown, must deliberately ignore the Bible; the ignorance itself is
: >no excuse.

: 1) No, they don't have to ignore the Bible.  The Bible is far
: from universally accepted.  The Bible is NOT a proof of god;
: it is only a proof that some people have thought that there
: was a god.  (Or does it prove even that?  They might have been
: writing it as series of fiction short-stories.  As in the
: case of Dionetics.)  Assuming the writers believed it, the
: only thing it could possibly prove is that they believed it.
: And that's ignoring the problem of whether or not all the
: interpretations and Biblical-philosophers were correct.

: 2) There are people who have truly never heard of the Bible.

: 3) Again, read the FAQ.

1) Here again you miss the point. The Bible itself is not the point,
it's what it contains. It makes no difference who accpets the Bible or
even who's unaware of its existence, Christians hold that it applies
universally because mankind shares the same nature and the same fate
and the same innate knowledge of God.

2) See above

3) If you read my post with same care as read the FAQ, we wouldn't be
having this conversation.

Bill

: >freedom. You are free to ignore God in the same way you are free to
: >ignore gravity and the consequences are inevitable and well known
: >in both cases. That an atheist can't accept the evidence means only

: Bzzt...wrong answer!
: Gravity is directly THERE.  It doesn't stop exerting a direct and
: rationally undeniable influence if you ignore it.  God, on the
: other hand, doesn't generally show up in the supermarket, except
: on the tabloids.  God doesn't exert a rationally undeniable influence.
: Gravity is obvious; gods aren't.

As I said, the evidence is there, you just don't accept it, here at
least we agree.

Bill

: >Secondly, human reason is very comforatble with the concept of God, so
: >much so that it is, in itself, intrinsic to our nature. Human reason
: >always comes back to the question of God, in every generation and in

: No, human reason hasn't always come back to the existance of
: "God"; it has usually come back to the existance of "god".
: In other words, it doesn't generally come back to the xtian
: god, it comes back to whether there is any god.  And, in much
: of oriental philosophic history, it generally doesn't pop up as
: the idea of a god so much as the question of what natural forces
: are and which ones are out there.  From a world-wide view,
: human nature just makes us wonder how the universe came to
: be and/or what force(s) are currently in control.  A natural
: tendancy to believe in "God" only exists in religious wishful
: thinking.

Yes, human reason does always come back to the existence of God, we're
having this discussion are we not?

Bill

: >I said all this to make the point that Christianity is eminently
: >reasonable, that Divine justice is just and human nature is much
: >different than what atheists think it is. Whether you agree or not

: YOU certainly are not correct on human nature.  You are, at
: the least, basing your views on a completely eurocentric
: approach.  Try looking at the outside world as well when
: you attempt to sum up all of humanity.

Well this is interesting, Truth is to be determined by it politically
correct content. Granted it's extremely unhip to be a WASP male, and
anything European is contemptable, but I thought this kind of
dialogue, the purpose of a.a, was to get at the truth of things. But
then I remember the oxymoron, reasonalble atheist, and I understand.

Bill

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

James Felder (spbach@lerc.nasa.gov) wrote:

: Are you saying that their was a physical Adam and Eve, and that all humans are direct decendents of only these two human beings.?  Then who were Cain and Able's wives?  Couldn't be their sisters, because A&E didn't have daughters.  Were they non-humans?

Okay all humans are direct descendents of of a bunch of hopeful
monsters. The human race didn't evolve from one set parents, but from
thousands. Do you really base your atheist on -this-?

: Considering that something like 4 out of 5 humans on this planet don't know instinctively that the Christian god exist, the claim of instinctive knowledge doesn't look like it hold much water.  Or are you saying that the 4 billion non-Christians in the world must fight this instinctive urge to acknowledge God and JC.

Did I say that people were Christians by nature or did I say that
Christians hold that everyone knows of the God the Christians worship.
I would have thought the distinction obvious, sorry. Read my post
again and see what I -really- said; from what you've written, I think
you are just being agumentative. Also your word-wrap is screwed up or
you need to shift to 80 columns text ...

Bill

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:

: I agree, I had a hard feeling not believing my grand-grand mother
: who told me of elves dancing outside barns in the early mornings.
: I preferred not to accept it, even if her statement provided
: the truth itself. Life is hard.


Kent,

Truly a brilliant rebuttal. Apparently you are of the opinion that
ridicule is a suitable substitute for reason; you'll find plenty of
company a.a

Bill

From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <115847@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>Well, in 1984 one was not allowed to leave the domain of authority. One
>_is_ free to leave Islam. If one regards Islamic law as a curse one
>should consider leaving Islam.

	The only way out seems to be death.

---  

  " I'd Cheat on Hillary Too."

   John Laws
   Local GOP Reprehensitive
   Extolling "Traditional Family Values."





From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

In article <1993Apr17.225127.25062@daffy.cs.wisc.edu> mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
>You exagerate to the point of libel.  I gave only unpopular reasons
>deliberately.  Or do you think that we should have let Iraq absorb Kuwait?
>I could make the tired old 1939 Poland comparison, but I think you've
>heard it.  But the principle aplies, never play a Chamberlain and
>roll over to another country being invaded.  That only invites further 
>invasions.

	Perhaps we ought not to have supported a known genocidist?
	Provided him with weapon systems, tactical support, technology,
etc.

	We made Suddam Hussein.

	What did Bush call him? Oh yes, an ally and a freind.


---  

  " I'd Cheat on Hillary Too."

   John Laws
   Local GOP Reprehensitive
   Extolling "Traditional Family Values."





From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: "Cruel"

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:

>>I don't think so.  Although some forms of execution are painful (the electric
>>chair looks particularly so), I think the pain is relatively short-lived.
>>Drawing and quartering, on the other hand, looks very painful, and the
>>victim wouldn't die right away (he'd bleed to death, I'd imagine).
>Ah, so a cruel punishment is not just if it is painful, as you 
>origionally stated. It is about long term pain, eg: non short-lived.
>Why this sudden chance in your stance?

I don't think I've changed my stance at all.  My original stance was that
a painless execution was not a cruel one.  I didn't say what would be
considered cruel, only that a painless death wasn't.  Now, cruelty must
involve some sort of suffering, I believe.  I don't think someone that gets
shot in the head or electrocuted really suffers very much.  Even a hanging
probably produces one sharp instance of pain, but it's over so quickly...

>Hmmmmm?

Pardon?

>Could it be that a counter example has been made, which renders your 
>previous stance null and void? Why don't you admit that your previous stance 
>is incorrect? Or, if you somehow managed to slip up, and misstated your 
>origional stance, why not admit it?

No.  Well, again I stated that a painless death isn't cruel, but I don't
think I stated that all painful executions *are* cruel.  I think that some
are cruel, depending on the nature and duration of the pain.

>By the way, how long is too long?

Anything more than an instant, I guess.  Any death by suffocation
asphyxiation, or blood loss would be cruel, I think (this includes the
gas chamber, and drawing and quartering).  I'd say that any pain that
lasts, say, over twenty seconds or so would be too long (but this may
be an arbitrary cutoff, I suppose).

keith

From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

Dan Schaertel,,, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) wrote:
> In article 21627@ousrvr.oulu.fi, kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko) writes:

> |>I love god just as much as she loves me. If she wants to seduce me,
> |>she'll know what to do. 

> But if He/She did you would probably consider it rape.  

Of course not. I would think that would be great _fun_, not having ever
felt the joy and peace the Christians speak of with a longing gaze.
This is not what I got when I believed - I just tried to hide my fear
of getting punished for something I never was sure of. The Bible is
hopelessly confusing for someone who wants to know for sure. God did
not answer. In the end, I found I had been following a mass delusion,
a lie. I can't believe in a being who refuses to give a slightest hint
of her existence.

> Obviously there are many Christians who have tried and do believe. So .. ?

I suggest they should honestly reconsider the reasons why they believe
and analyse their position. In fact, it is amusing to note in this
context that many fundamentalist publications tell us exactly the
opposite - one should not examine one's belief critically.

I'll tell you something I left out of my 'testimony' I posted to this
group two months ago. A day after I finally found out my faith is over,
I decided to try just one more time. The same cycle of emotional
responses fired once again, but this time the delusion lasted only
a couple of hours. I told my friend in a phone that it really works,
thank god, just to think about it again when I hung up. I had to admit
that I had lied, and fallen prey to the same illusion.

> No one asks you to swallow everything, in fact Jesus warns against it.   But let
> me ask you a question.  Do you beleive what you learn in history class, or for
> that matter anything in school.  I mean it's just what other people have told
> you and you don't want to swallow what others say. right ... ?

I used to believe what I read in books when I was younger, or what
other people told me, but I grew more and more skeptical the more I
read. I learned what it means to use _reason_.

As a student of chemistry, I had to perform a qualitative analysis
of a mixture of two organic compounds in the lab. I _hated_ experiments
like this - they are old-fashioned and increase the student's workload
considerably. Besides, I had to do it twice, since I failed in my first
attempt. However, I think I'll never forget the lesson: 

No matter how strongly you believe the structure of the unknown is X,
it may still be Y. It is _very_ tempting to jump into conclusions, take
a leap of faith, assure oneself, ignore the data which is inconsistent. 
But it can still be wrong. 

I found out that I was, after all, using exactly the same mechanism
to believe in god - mental self-assurance, suspension of fear, 
filtering of information. In other words, it was only me, no god
playing any part. 

> The life , death, and resurection of Christ is documented historical fact.

Oh? And I had better believe this? Dan, many UFO stories are much better
documented than the resurrection of Jesus. The resurrection is documented
quite haphazardly in the Bible - it seems the authors did not pay too
much attention to which wild rumour to leave out. Besides, the ends of
the gospels probably contain later additions and insertions; for instance,
the end of Mark (16:9-20) is missing from many early texts, says my Bible.

Jesus may have lived and died, but he was probably misunderstood.

> As much
> as anything else you learn.  How do you choose what to believe and 
> what not to?

This is easy. I believe that the world exists independent of my mind,
and that logic and reason can be used to interpret and analyse what I
observe. Nothing else need to be taken on faith, I will go by the
evidence. 

It makes no difference whether I believe George Washington existed or not.
I assume that he did, considering the vast amount of evidence presented.

> There is no way to get into a sceptical heart.  You can not say you have 
> given a 
> sincere effort with the attitude you seem to have.  You must TRUST, 
> not just go 
> to church and participate in it's activities.  Were you ever willing to
> die for what you believed?  

A liar, how do you know what my attitude was? Try reading your Bible
again. 

I was willing to die for my faith. Those who do are usually remembered
as heroes, at least among those who believe. Dan, do you think I'm
lying when I say I believed firmly for 15 years? It seems it is 
very difficult to admit that someone who has really believed does not
do so anymore. But I can't go on lying to myself.

Blind trust is dangerous, and I was just another blind led by the blind.
But if god really wants me, she'll know what to do. I'm willing. I just
don't know whether she exists - looking at the available evidence,
it looks like she doesn't. 

Petri
--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

From: kadie@cs.uiuc.edu (Carl M Kadie)
Subject: [UPI] "Mother files complaint over Boy Scouts"

[By default, followups to 3 newsgroups.]

A short excerpt:

>	BROOKFIELD, Wis. (UPI) -- A mother has filed a complaint with the
>Elmbrook School Board alleging her son's elementary school and its
>Parent-Teacher Organization show discrimination by supporting the Boy
>Scouts.
>	Gisele Klemp said Wednesday the PTO's sponsorship of a Boy Scout
>troop and Cub Scout pack that meet at Hillside Elementary School in
>surbarban Milwaukee is discrimination because the Boy Scouts ban
>homosexuals.
[...]
>	PTO President Gail Pludeman disputed the charges of discrimination
>and said she believes the Boy Scouts are beneficial.
-- 
Carl Kadie -- I do not represent any organization; this is just me.
 = kadie@cs.uiuc.edu =

From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5v09t.1Dq@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes: 
|> 
|> Okay all humans are direct descendents of of a bunch of hopeful
|> monsters. The human race didn't evolve from one set parents, but from
|> thousands. Do you really base your atheist on -this-?


In article <C5v0zp.1Dq@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
|>
|> Truly a brilliant rebuttal. Apparently you are of the opinion that
|> ridicule is a suitable substitute for reason; you'll find plenty of
|> company a.a

Bill Conner, meet Bill Conner.

jon.

From: forgach@noao.edu (Suzanne Forgach)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

> In article <kmr4.1587.734911207@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>
>   Only when the Sun starts to orbit the Earth will I accept the Bible. 

Did you forget that two spinning skaters are in orbit around each other?

From: Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <1993Apr21.144114.8057@wam.umd.edu>, willdb@wam.umd.edu (William
David Battles) says:
>
>In article <1993Apr16.223250.15242@ncsu.edu> aiken@news.ncsu.edu (Wayne NMI
>Aiken) writes:
>>JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu wrote:
>>: YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  E
>B
>>: PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>>
>>Did someone leave their terminal unattended again?
>
>Probably not! The jesus freak's post is probably JSN104@PSUVM. Penn State
>is just loaded to the hilt with bible bangers. I use to go there *vomit* and
>it was the reason I left. They even had a group try to stop playing
>rock music in the dining halls one year cuz they deemed it satanic. Kampus
>Krusade for Khrist people run the damn place for the most part....except
>the Liberal Arts departments...they are the safe havens.

Sounds like you were going to a different Penn State or something.
Kampus Krusade for Khrist is very vocal here, but they really have
little power to get anything done.  Sometimes it seems like there
are a lot of them because they're generally more vocal than their
opposition, but there really aren't that many Krusaders.

The liberals tend to keep to themselves if they can help it, since
all they really want is to be allowed to go about their own lives
the way they want to.  ...so you don't hear from or about most of
them.  The bible-bangers stand out because they want everyone to
be forced to live according to bible-banger rules.

The Krusaders certainly don't run this place.

I'd say we've got a rather average mix. of people here....
much like the rest of the U.S.  And just like everywhere else,
some factions are louder than others.

Andrew

From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5v2Mr.1z1@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>The myth to which I refer is the convoluted counterfeit athiests have
>created to make religion appear absurd. Rather than approach religion
>(including Christainity) in a rational manner and debating its claims
>-as the are stated-, atheists concoct outrageous parodies and then
>hold the religious accountable for beliefs they don't have. What is
>more accurately oxymoric is the a term like, reasonable atheist.

	1) They are religious parodies, NOT atheistic paradies.

	2) Please substantiate that they are parodies, and are outrageous.
	   Specifically, why is the IUP any more outrageous than many 
	   religions?

---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: "Cruel"

In article <1r7bkpINNo0s@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:



>No.  Well, again I stated that a painless death isn't cruel, but I don't
>think I stated that all painful executions *are* cruel.  I think that some
>are cruel, depending on the nature and duration of the pain.

	But hanging is certainly painful. Or, do you not let the condemned 
know they are going to die?


>Anything more than an instant, I guess.  Any death by suffocation
>asphyxiation, or blood loss would be cruel, I think (this includes the
>gas chamber, and drawing and quartering).  I'd say that any pain that
>lasts, say, over twenty seconds or so would be too long (but this may
>be an arbitrary cutoff, I suppose).

	Hanging is not supposed to be very pleasant. I believe that in 
actuality, it is not "quick and clean". However, gas chambers can be
quite non-painful. Heck, why not give them a good time? Suffication by
Nitrious Oxide!

	=)


---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



From: christen@astro.ocis.temple.edu (Carl Christensen)
Subject: Re: Books

[stuff about hard to find atheist books deleted]

Perhaps the infiltration of fundies onto school boards, city councils,
etc. has something to do with why you can't find alternative media?

From: christen@astro.ocis.temple.edu (Carl Christensen)
Subject: Re: Cults Vs. Religions?

Bill Ray (ray@engr.LaTech.edu) wrote:
: James Thomas Green (jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu) wrote:
: : So in conclusion it can be shown that there is essentially no
: : logical argument which clearly differentiates a "cult" from a
: : "religion".  I challenge anyone to produce a distinction which
: : is clear and can't be easily knocked down.  

: How about this one: a religion is a cult which has stood the test
: of time.

Just like history is written by the `winners' and not the `losers.'
From what I've seen of religions, a religion is just a cult that
was so vile and corrupt it was able to exert it's doctrine using
political and military measures.  Perhaps if Koresh withstood the
onslaught for another couple of months he would have started 
attracting more converts due to his `strength,' hence becoming a
full religion and not just a cult.

--
Carl Christensen                /~~\_/~\        ,,,  Dept. of Computer Science
christen@astro.ocis.temple.edu |  #=#==========#   | Temple University        
"Curiouser and curiouser!" - LC \__/~\_/        ```  Philadelphia, PA  USA   

From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
Subject: Re: Nicknames

cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes: >
>Somebody forgotten me................
>
>"No Nickname" Tan Chade Meng
>(Chinese have nicknames in the front)
>
>--
>
>The UnEnlightened One


I thought your nickname was "UnEnlightened"
-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.


From: ed@wente.llnl.gov (Ed Suranyi)
Subject: Re: Asimov stamp

In article <C61H4H.8D4@dcs.ed.ac.uk> pdc@dcs.ed.ac.uk (Paul Crowley) writes:
>Quoting schnitzi@eustis.cs.ucf.edu (Mark Schnitzius) in article <schnitzi.735603785@eustis>:
>>I'm sure all the religious types would get in a snit due
>>to Asimov's atheism.

>Can someone confirm this?  Someone told me that Asimov converted to
>Christianity at some point, or something.  Does anyone have any good
>quotes?

What?  Absolutely not.  No way.  Asimov was a lifelong atheist, and
said so many times, right until his death.  Judging from the many
stories he told about his own life, he felt culturally closest to
Judaism, which makes sense. He was born Jewish.

Ed
ed@wente.llnl.gov



From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

dean.kaflowitz (decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com) wrote:
: > 
: > I think you're letting atheist mythology

: Great start.  I realize immediately that you are not interested
: in discussion and are going to thump your babble at me.  I would
: much prefer an answer from Ms Healy, who seems to have a
: reasonable and reasoned approach to things.  Say, aren't you the
: creationist guy who made a lot of silly statements about
: evolution some time ago?

: Duh, gee, then we must be talking Christian mythology now.  I
: was hoping to discuss something with a reasonable, logical
: person, but all you seem to have for your side is a repetition
: of the same boring mythology I've seen a thousand times before.
: I am deleting the rest of your remarks, unless I spot something
: that approaches an answer, because they are merely a repetition
: of some uninteresting doctrine or other and contain no thought
: at all.

: I have to congratulate you, though, Bill.  You wouldn't
: know a logical argument if it bit you on the balls.  Such
: a persistent lack of function in the face of repeated
: attempts to assist you in learning (which I have seen
: in this forum and others in the past) speaks of a talent
: that goes well beyond my own, meager abilities.  I just don't
: seem to have that capacity for ignoring outside influences.

: Dean Kaflowitz

Dean,

Re-read your comments, do you think that merely characterizing an
argument is the same as refuting it? Do you think that ad hominum
attacks are sufficient to make any point other than you disapproval of
me? Do you have any contribution to make at all?

Bill



From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

Mark McCullough (mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu) wrote:
: In article <30136@ursa.bear.com> halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
: >Atoms are not objective.  They aren't even real.  What scientists call
: >an atom is nothing more than a mathematical model that describes 
: >certain physical, observable properties of our surroundings.  All
: >of which is subjective.  
: >
: >-jim halat

: This deserves framing.  It really does.  "[Atoms] aren't even real."

: Tell me then, those atoms we have seen with electron microscopes are
: atoms now, so what are they?  Figments of our imaginations?  The
: evidence that atoms are real is overwhelming, but I won't bother with
: most evidence at the moment.

You would have us believe that what the eye perceives as images are
actaully there - as perceived? This may be interesting. I thought
that an electron microscope was used because no wavelength of "light"
can illuminate any "object" of atomic scale. If this image is to have
useful resolution, wouldn't the illuminating sources wavelength have
to be several orders of magnitude less than size of thing observed?

If an atom is a "probablity cloud", lower resolutions would give the
appearance of solidity, but it seems fairly certain that an atom is
not an object is any conventional sense. Obviously I am not a
physicist, but the question does have ramification of a philosophic
nature. Anyway, just a stray thought, carry on ...

Bill


From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

Mike Cobb (cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu) wrote:

: Very true (length of time for discussions on creationism vs evolutionism). 
: Atheists and Christians have been debating since ?? and still debate with 
: unabated passion 8-).

Mike,

I've seen referrences to "Creation vs Evolution" several times in a.a
and I have question. Is either point of view derived from direct
observation; can either be scientific? I wonder if the whole
controversy is more concerned with the consequences of the "Truth"
rather than the truth itself. 
Both sides seem to hold to a philosophical outcome, and I can't help
wondering which came first. As I've pointed out elsewhere, my view of
human nature makes me believe that there is no way of knowing
anyhthing objectively - all knowledge is inherently subjective. So, in
the context of a.a, would you take a stand based on what you actually
know to be true or on what you want to be true and how can you tell
the difference?

Bill


From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:
: In article <C5Mw03.9qr@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu
: (Bill Conner) wrote:
: > I'd say that what one chooses to observe and how the observation is
: > interpreted and what significance it's given depends a great deal on
: > the values of the observer. Science is a human activity and as such,
: > is subject to the same potential for distortion as any other human
: > activity. The myth that scientists are above moral influence or
: > ethical concern, that their knowledge can be abstacted whole and pure
: > from nature untainted by the biases of the scientist, is nonsense.

: Bill, this is wonderfully phrased. I assume you understand that your
: statement is also undermining such human constructs as religion
: as well.


Kent,

I'll accept this as a compliment although I'm always a little paranoid
when visiting a.a, thanks. Yes I do know the extent of the statements
relevence, it's what I think of as human nature. I'm not sure it
undermines either religion or atheism since both claim special
knowledge about the Truth and since such claims are always suspect,
all we can learn from it is that humans are a very arrogant species.
My point is that we cannot ignore human nature when examining human
claims. The trick here then, is to find some way to abstract our
infinitely fallible nature from whatever reality is out there so we
can see what there is to see. I can think of no way this can be done.

Bill

From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: What's a shit shoveler to do? (was Re: Amusing atheists and)

Robert Beauchaine (bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM) wrote:
: >

:   Precisely my position.  

:   As a newbie, I tried the point-by-point approach to debate with
:   these types.  It wasted both my time and my lifespan.  Ignoring
:   them is not an option, since they don't go away, and doing so
:   would leave one with large stretches of complete anonymity in this
:   group.

Bob,

I've posted here long enough to see your name a few times, but I
can't recall any point by point approach to anything you've
contributed. But I'm old (probably senile) and I may have just
forgotten, if you could post an example of your invincible logic, it
might jog my memory.

Bill

From: mcelwre@cnsvax.uwec.edu
Subject: FREE-ENERGY TECHNOLOGY

          
            
                            FREE-ENERGY TECHNOLOGY
                       by Robert E. McElwaine, Physicist
          
               Ninety to a hundred years ago, everybody "knew" that a 
          heavier-than-air machine could not possibly fly.  It would 
          violate the "laws" of physics.  All of the "experts" and 
          "authorities" said so. 
          
               For example, Simon Newcomb declared in 1901:  "The 
          demonstration that no possible combination of known 
          substances, known forms of machinery and known forms of 
          force, can be united in a practical machine by which man 
          shall fly long distances through the air, seems to the writer 
          as complete as it is possible for the demonstration of any 
          physical fact to be." 
          
               Fortunately, a few SMART people such as the Wright 
          Brothers did NOT accept such pronouncements as the final 
          word.  Now we take airplanes for granted, (except when they 
          crash). 
          
               Today, orthodox physicists and other "scientists" are 
          saying similar things against several kinds of 'Free Energy' 
          Technologies, using negative terms such as "pseudo-science" 
          and "perpetual motion", and citing so-called "laws" which 
          assert that "energy cannot be created or destroyed" ("1st law 
          of thermodynamics") and "there is always a decrease in useful 
          energy" ("2nd law of thermodynamics").  The physicists do not 
          know how to do certain things, so they ARROGANTLY declare 
          that those things cannot be done.  Such PRINCIPLES OF 
          IMPOTENCE are COMMON in orthodox modern "science" and help to 
          cover up INCONSISTENCIES and CONTRADICTIONS in orthodox 
          modern theories. 
          
               Free Energy Inventions are devices which can tap a 
          seemingly UNLIMITED supply of energy from the universe, with-
          OUT burning any kind of fuel, making them the PERFECT 
          SOLUTION to the world-wide energy crisis and its associated 
          pollution, degradation, and depletion of the environment. 
          
               Most Free Energy Devices probably do not create energy, 
          but rather tap into EXISTING natural energy sources by 
          various forms of induction.  UNLIKE solar or wind devices, 
          they need little or no energy storage capacity, because they 
          can tap as much energy as needed WHEN needed.  Solar energy 
          has the DIS-advantage that the sun is often blocked by 
          clouds, trees, buildings, or the earth itself, or is reduced 
          by haze or smog or by thick atmosphere at low altitudes and 
          high latitudes.  Likewise, wind speed is WIDELY VARIABLE and 
          often non-existent.  Neither solar nor wind power are 
          suitable to directly power cars and airplanes.  Properly 
          designed Free Energy Devices do NOT have such limitations. 
          
               For example, at least three U.S. patents (#3,811,058, 
          #3,879,622, and #4,151,431) have so far been awarded for 
          motors that run EXCLUSIVELY on permanent MAGNETS, seemingly 
          tapping into energy circulating through the earth's magnetic 
          field.  The first two require a feedback network in order to 
          be self-running.  The third one, as described in detail in 
          "Science & Mechanics" magazine, Spring 1980, ("Amazing 
          Magnet-Powered Motor", by Jorma Hyypia, pages 45-48, 114-117, 
          and front cover), requires critical sizes, shapes, 
          orientations, and spacings of magnets, but NO feedback.  Such 
          a motor could drive an electric generator or reversible 
          heatpump in one's home, YEAR ROUND, FOR FREE.  [Complete 
          descriptive copies of U.S. patents are $3.00 each from the 
          U.S. Patent Office, 2021 Jefferson Davis Hwy., Arlington, VA  
          22202; correct 7-digit patent number required.  Or try 
          getting copies of BOTH the article AND the Patents via your 
          local public or university library's inter-library loan 
          dept..] 
          
               A second type of free-energy device, such as the 'Gray 
          Motor' (U.S. Patent #3,890,548), the 'Tesla Coil', and the 
          motor of inventor Joseph Newman [see SCIENCE, 2-10-84, pages 
          571-2.], taps ELECTRO-MAGNETIC energy by INDUCTION from 
          'EARTH RESONANCE' (about 12 cycles per second plus 
          harmonics).  They typically have a 'SPARK GAP' in the circuit 
          which serves to SYNCHRONIZE the energy in the coils with the 
          energy being tapped.  It is important that the total 
          'inductance' and 'capacitance' of the Device combine to 
          'RESONATE' at the same frequency as 'EARTH RESONANCE' in 
          order to maximize the power output.  This output can also be 
          increased by centering the SPARK GAP at the 'NEUTRAL CENTER' 
          of a strong U-shaped permanent magnet.  In the case of a 
          Tesla Coil, slipping a 'TOROID CHOKE COIL' around the 
          secondary coil will enhance output power.  ["Earth Energy: 
          Fuelless Propulsion & Power Systems", by John Bigelow, 1976, 
          Health Research, P.O. Box 70, Mokelumne Hill, CA  95245.] 
          
               During the 1930's, an Austrian civil engineer named 
          Viktor Schauberger invented and partially developed an 
          'IMPLOSION TURBINE' (German name, 'ZOKWENDLE'), after 
          analyzing erosion, and lack of erosion, in differently shaped 
          waterways, and developing sophisticated mathematical 
          equations to explain it.  As described in the book "A 
          Breakthrough to New Free-Energy Sources", by Dan A. Davidson, 
          1977, water is pumped by an IMPELLER pump through a 
          LOGARITHMIC-SPIRAL-shaped coil of tubing until it reaches a 
          CRITICAL VELOCITY.  The water then IMPLODES, no longer 
          touching the inside walls of the tubing, and drives the pump, 
          which then converts the pump's motor into an ELECTRIC 
          GENERATOR.  The device seems to be tapping energy from that 
          of the earth's rotation, via the 'Coriolis effect', LIKE A 
          TORNADO.  [ It can also NEUTRALIZE GRAVITY! ] 
          
               A fourth type of Free Energy Device is the 'McClintock 
          Air Motor' (U.S. Patent #2,982,261), which is a cross between 
          a diesel engine (it has three cylinders with a compression 
          ratio of 27 to 1) and a rotary engine (with solar and 
          planetary gears).  It burns NO FUEL, but becomes self-running 
          by driving its own air compressor.  This engine also 
          generates a lot of heat, which could be used to heat 
          buildings; and its very HIGH TORQUE makes it ideal for large 
          trucks, preventing their slowing down when climbing hills.  
          [David McClintock is also the REAL original Inventor of the 
          automatic transmission, differential, and 4-wheel drive.] 
          
               Crystals may someday be used to supply energy, as shown 
          in the Star Trek shows, perhaps by inserting each one between 
          metal capacitor plates and bombarding it with a beam of 
          particles from a small radioactive source like that used in a 
          common household smoke detector. 
          
               One other energy source should be mentioned here, 
          despite the fact that it does not fit the definition of Free 
          Energy.  A Bulgarian-born American Physicist named Joseph 
          Maglich has invented and partially developed an atomic FUSION 
          reactor which he calls 'Migma', which uses NON-radioactive 
          deuterium as a fuel [available in nearly UNLIMITED quantities 
          from sea water], does NOT produce radioactive waste, can be 
          converted DIRECTLY into electricity (with-OUT energy-wasting 
          steam turbines), and can be constructed small enough to power 
          a house or large enough to power a city.  And UNLIKE the 
          "Tokamaks" and laser fusion MONSTROSITIES that we read about, 
          Migma WORKS, already producing at least three watts of power 
          for every watt put in.  ["New Times" (U.S. version), 6-26-78, 
          pages 32-40.] 
          
               And then there are the 'cold fusion' experiments that 
          have been in the news lately, originally conducted by 
          University of Utah researchers B. Stanley Pons and Martin 
          Fleischmann.  Some U.S. Navy researchers at the China Lake 
          Naval Weapons Center in California, under the direction of 
          chemist Melvin Miles, finally took the trouble to collect the 
          bubbles coming from such an apparatus, had them analyzed with 
          mass-spectrometry techniques, and found HELIUM 4, which 
          PROVES that atomic FUSION did indeed take place, and enough 
          of it to explain the excess heat generated. 
          
               There are GOOD INDICATIONS that the two so-called "laws" 
          of thermodynamics are NOT so "absolute".  For example, the 
          late Physicist Dewey B. Larson developed a comprehensive 
          GENERAL UNIFIED Theory of the physical universe, which he 
          calls the 'Reciprocal System', (which he describes in detail 
          in several books such as "Nothing But Motion" (1979) and "The 
          Universe of Motion" (1984)), in which the physical universe 
          has TWO DISTINCT HALVES, the material half and an anti-matter 
          half, with a CONTINUOUS CYCLE of matter and energy passing 
          between them, with-OUT the "heat death" predicted by 
          thermodynamic "laws".  His Theory explains the universe MUCH 
          BETTER than modern orthodox theories, including phenomena 
          that orthodox physicists and astronomers are still scratching 
          their heads about, and is SELF-CONSISTENT in every way.  Some 
          Free Energy Devices might be tapping into that energy flow, 
          seemingly converting "low-quality energy" into "high-quality 
          energy". 
          
               Also, certain religious organizations such as 'Sant Mat' 
          and 'Eckankar' teach their Members that the physical universe 
          is only the LOWEST of at least a DOZEN major levels of 
          existence, like parallel universes, or analogous to TV 
          channels, as described in books like "The Path of the 
          Masters", by Dr. Julian Johnson, 1939, and "Eckankar: The Key 
          to Secret Worlds", by Sri Paul Twitchell, 1969.  For example, 
          the next level up from the physical universe is commonly 
          called the 'Astral Plane'.  Long-time Members of these groups 
          have learned to 'Soul Travel' into these higher worlds and 
          report on conditions there.  It seems plausible that energy 
          could flow down from these higher levels into the physical 
          universe, or be created at the boundary between them, given 
          the right configuration of matter to channel it.  This is 
          supported by many successful laboratory-controlled 
          experiments in PSYCHO-KINESIS throughout the world, such as 
          those described in the book "Psychic Discoveries Behind the 
          Iron Curtain". 
          
               In terms of economics, the market has FAILED.  Inventors 
          do not have enough money and other resources to fully develop 
          and mass-produce Free Energy Equipment, and the conventional 
          energy producer$ have no desire to do so because of their 
          VE$TED INTERE$T$.  The government is needed to intervene.  If 
          the government does not intervene, then the total supply of 
          energy resources from the earth will continue to decline and 
          will soon run out, prices for energy will increase, and 
          pollution and its harmful effects (including the 'GREENHOUSE 
          EFFECT', acid rain, smog, radioactive contamination, oil 
          spills, rape of the land by strip mining, etc.) will continue 
          to increase. 
          
               The government should SUBSIDIZE research and development 
          of Free Energy by Inventors and universities, subsidize 
          private production (until the producers can make it on their 
          own), and subsidize consumption by low-income consumers of 
          Free Energy Hardware. 
          
               The long-range effects of such government intervention 
          would be wide-spread and profound.  The quantity of energy 
          demanded from conventional energy producer$ (coal mining 
          companie$, oil companie$ and countries, electric utilitie$, 
          etc.) would drop to near zero, forcing their employees to 
          seek work elsewhere.  Energy resources (coal, uranium, oil, 
          and gas) would be left in the ground.  Prices for 
          conventional energy supplies would also drop to near zero, 
          while the price of Free Energy Equipment would start out high 
          but drop as supply increases (as happened with VCR's, 
          personal computers, etc.).  Costs of producing products that 
          require large quantities of energy to produce would decrease, 
          along with their prices to consumers.  Consumers would be 
          able to realize the "opportunity costs" of paying electric 
          utility bills or buying home heating fuel.  Tourism would 
          benefit and increase because travelers would not have to 
          spend their money for gasoline for their cars.  Government 
          tax revenue from gasoline and other fuels would have to be 
          obtained in some other way.  AND ENERGY COULD NO LONGER BE 
          USED AS A MOTIVE OR EXCUSE FOR MAKING WAR. 
          
               Many conventional energy producer$ would go out of 
          business, but society as a whole, and the earth's environment 
          and ecosystems, would benefit greatly.  It is the People, 
          that government should serve, rather than the big 
          corporation$ and bank$. 
          

               For more information, answers to your questions, etc., 
          please consult my CITED SOURCES (patents, articles, books). 

          
               UN-altered REPRODUCTION and DISSEMINATION of this 
          IMPORTANT Information is ENCOURAGED. 


                                   Robert E. McElwaine
                                   B.S., Physics, UW-EC



From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

Dan Schaertel,,, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) wrote:

> Let us go back , oh say 1000 years or so, whatever.  Pretend someone says to you
> someday there will be men on the moon.  (Now remember, you still think the
> world is flat).  This is quite an extraordinary claim.

I think C.S. Lewis has argued that medieval people did not all think the
world is flat.

However, this argument goes both ways. Pretend someone telling Plato that
it is highly probable that people do not really have souls; their minds
and their consciousness are just something their brains make up, and
their brains (their body) is actually ahead of their mind even in 
voluntarly actions. I don't think Plato would have been happy with this,
and neither would Paul, although Paul's ideas were quite different.
However, if you would _read_ what we discuss in this group, and not
just preach, you would see that there currently is much evidence in
favour of these statements.

The same applies to the theory of natural selection, or other sacred
cows of Christianity on our origins and human nature. I don't believe
in spirits, devils or immortal souls any more than in gods.

> The fact is we can argue the existence of God until the end of time, there really is no
> way to either prove or disprove it, but there will be a time when we all know the truth.  
> I hope and believe I'm right and I hope and pray that you find your way too. 

Ah, you said it. You believe what you want to. This is what I had assumed
all along. 

> OK maybe I shouldn't have said "no way".   I guess I really believe there is
> a way.  But all I can do is plant seeds.  Either they grow or they don't. 

You might be as well planting Satan's seeds, ever thought of this?
Besides, you haven't yet explained why we must believe so blindly,
without any guiding light at all (at least I haven't noticed it).
I don't think this is at all fair play on god's part. 

Your argument sounds like a version of Pascal's Wager. Please read the
FAQ, this fallacy is discussed there.

> But
> they won't if they're not planted.  The Holy Spirit is the nurishment that
> helps them grow and that comes from God.

And I failed to get help from the HS because I had a wrong attitude?
Sorry, Dan, but I do not think this spirit exists. People who claim to have
access to it just look badly deluded, not gifted. 

Petri


--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.


From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes: >

>I see that you still can't grasp the obvious, is it because your are devious
>by nature, or can you only find fault with an argument by
>misrepresenting it?

Gee, since you ignored the entire substance of my substantial
post, you got a lot of nerve claiming that I don't understand
what's being talked about.

Respond to the previous post or shut the fuck up.  You're
really annoying.


-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.


From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: FREE-ENERGY TECHNOLOGY

In article <1993Apr22.195256.6376@cnsvax.uwec.edu> mcelwre@cnsvax.uwec.edu writes:
>               Free Energy Inventions are devices which can tap a 
>          seemingly UNLIMITED supply of energy from the universe, with-
>          OUT burning any kind of fuel, making them the PERFECT 
>          SOLUTION to the world-wide energy crisis and its associated 
>          pollution, degradation, and depletion of the environment. 

	Give me a call when you build a working model. 

	Then we'll talk stock options.
---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



From: jmunch@hertz.elee.calpoly.edu (John Munch)
Subject: Re: The Qur'an and atheists (was Re: Jewish Settlers Demolish a Mosque in Gaza)

In article <1993Apr26.070405.3615@doug.cae.wisc.edu> kahraman@hprisc-30.cae.wisc.edu (Gokalp Kahraman) writes:
>In this respect, since atheists are dominantly arrogant and claim 
>self-control and self-ownership, they would make pharoahs 
>look like very humble, decent people in comparison!  If the logic is this:
>"since I own myself, others who are like me should also own themselves, and
>going further, things are self-existent and self-standing, and self-living,
>etc." 

Yes, atheists tend to claim self control and self ownership. Are you saying
that theists claim to not have self control? I don't think atheists are
"dominantly arrogant." They don't claim some god that has supremacy over
all of mankind. Now this claim would be arrogant, but atheists don't claim 
it. Most atheists do claim to own themselves. I think any disagreement with
this claim of self ownership would be supremely arrogant.


/---- John David Munch ------------------ jmunch@hertz.elee.calpoly.edu ----\
|...." the heart can change, be full of hate, or love. If people are allowed|
|to base their lives through their hearts, anything can happen. A dangerous |
|situation, in my opinion." -Bobby Mozumder describing problems with atheism|

From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Cults Vs. Religions?

To the media, "religion" and "cult" have about the same relative
connotations as "government" and "terrorist group".

-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

From: salem@pangea.Stanford.EDU (Bruce Salem)
Subject: Re: Science and theories

In article <C5u7Bq.J43@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>As per various threads on science and creationism, I've started dabbling into a
>book called Christianity and the Nature of Science by JP Moreland. 

	As I don't know this book, I will use your heresay.

> A question
>that I had come from one of his comments.  He stated that God is not 
>necessarily a religious term, but could be used as other scientific terms that
>give explanation for events or theories, without being a proven scientific 
>fact.

	It depends on how he defines God. The way I understand the meaning
of that term preclues it being used in a useful way in science. Ideas drawn
from an understanding that God is supernatural precludes us from forming
scientific assertions that can be falsified, that is, where we can decide
that they are true or false within the terms of we use and useful observations
drawn from them.

	Some religionists have an interest in bluring the definitions within
science to make them more reconcilable, and especially subserviant in a basic
way, to religious dogma. This pursuit always fails.

>  I think I got his point -- I can quote the section if I'm being vague. 
>The examples he gave were quarks and continental plates.  Are there 
>explanations of science or parts of theories that are not measurable in and of
>themselves, or can everything be quantified, measured, tested, etc.?  

	Reconciliation of science with religion involves circumventing the
tendancy to claim that either pursuit can gain absolute or certian knowledge,
or that the domain of truth in each is fundementally limited in some way. It
gererally confurs the element of uncertainty and limitations to human knowledge
while allowing for the different concerns of these separate pursuits. Science
and religion ask different questions which have imperfect and provisional
answers, at best. Science is distinctly limited in where it can ask meaningful
questions. More questions can be posed than it can answer. At the basis of
sacred language is the place where words fail us and mere assertions disolve
in contradiction.

Bruce Salem



From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

Jon Livesey writes:

>So when they took the time to *copy* *the* *text* correctly, that includes
>"obvious corruptions?"

Well, yes.  This is the real mystery of the matter, and why I am rather
dubious of a lot of the source theories.

There are a number of places where the Masoretic Text (MT) of the OT is
obscure and presumably corrupted.  These are reproduced exactly from copy to
copy.  The DSS tend to reflect the same "errors".  This would appear to tell
us that, at least from some point, people began to copy the texts very
exactingly and mechanically.  The problem is, we don't know what they did
before that.  But it seems as though accurate transmission begins at the
point at which the texts are perceived as texts.  They may be added to (and
in some situations, such as the end of Mark, material is lost), but for the
most part there are no substantial changes to the existing text.

You're basically trying to make a mountain out of a molehill.  Some people
like to use the game of "telephone" as a metaphor for the transmission of
the texts.  This clearly wrong.  The texts are transmitted accurately.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

From: Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen)
Subject: Albert Sabin



BR> From: wpr@atlanta.dg.com (Bill Rawlins)
BR> Newsgroups: alt.atheism
BR> Organization: DGSID, Atlanta, GA

BR>        Since you have referred to the Messiah, I assume you
BR> are referring         to the New Testament.  Please detail
BR> your complaints or e-mail if         you don't want to post.
BR>  First-century Greek is well-known and        
BR> well-understood.  Have you considered Josephus, the Jewish
BR> Historian,         who also wrote of Jesus?  In addition,
BR> the four gospel accounts		 are very much in harmony.

It is also well known that the comments in Josephus relating to Jesus were
inserted (badly) by later editors.  As for the four gospels being in harmony
on the issue of Jesus...  You know not of what you speak.  Here are a few
contradictions starting with the trial and continuing through the assension.

>The death of Judas after the betrayal of Jesus

Acts 1:18: "Now this man (Judas) purchased a field with the reward of 
iniquity; and falling headlong, he burst asunder in the midst, and all his 
bowels gushed out."

Matt. 27:5-7: "And he (Judas) cast down the pieces of silver in the temple, 
and departed, and went and hanged himself.  And the chief priests...bought 
with them the potter's field."

>What was Jesus' prediction regarding Peter's denial?

Before the cock crow - Matthew 26:34

Before the cock crow twice - Mark 14:30

>How many times did the cock crow?

MAR 14:72  And the second time the cock crew. And Peter called to mind  the 
word  that  Jesus  said unto him, Before the cock crow twice, thou shalt deny
me thrice. And when he thought thereon, he wept.

MAT 26:74  Then began he to curse and to swear,  saying,  I  know not the man.
And immediately the cock crew.
MAT 26:75  And Peter remembered the word  of  Jesus,  which  said unto him,
Before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice. And he went out, and wept
bitterly.

LUK 22:60  And Peter said, Man, I know not what thou sayest.  And immediately,
while he yet spake, the cock crew.
LUK 22:61  And the Lord turned, and looked upon Peter. And  Peter remembered
the word of the Lord, how he had said unto him, Before the cock crow, thou
shalt deny me thrice.

JOH 13:38  Jesus answered him, Wilt thou lay down thy life for my sake? 
Verily,
 verily, I say unto thee, The cock shall not crow, still thou hast denied me
thrice.

JOH 18:27  Peter then denied  again:  and  immediately  the  cock crew.

>destruction of cities (what said was jeremiah was zechariah)

(This is interesting because Matthew quotes a prophesy that was never made! 
Not the only time he does this either...)

MAT 27:9  Then was fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy  the prophet, 
saying,  And they took the thirty pieces of silver, the price of him that was
valued, whom they of the children of Israel did value;

zechariah 11:11-13
(nothing in Jeremiah remotely like)

What was the color of the robe placed on Jesus during his trial?

scarlet - Matthew 27:28

purple John 19:2

>The time of the Crucifiction

Mark says the third hour, or 9 a.m., but John says the sixth hour (noon) was
when the sentence was passed.

>Inscription on the Cross

Matthew  --  This is Jesus the king of the Jews
Mark	 --  The King of the Jews
Luke	 --  This is the king of the Jews
John	 --  Jesus of Nazareth the king of the Jews

>What did they give him to drink?

vinegar - Matthew 27:34

wine with myrrh - Mark 15:23

>Women at the Cross

Matthew said many stood far off, including Mary Magdaline, Mary the mother of
James, and the mother of Zebedee's children.  Mark and Luke speak of many far
off, and Mark includes Mary Magdeline and Mary the mother of James the less.
John says that Jesus's mother stood at the cross, along with her sister and
Mary Magdalene.

>Jesus' last words 

Matt.27:46,50: "And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, 
saying, "Eli, eli, lama sabachthani?" that is to say, "My God, my God, why
hast thou forsaken me?"  ...Jesus, when he cried again with a loud voice,
yielded u the ghost."

Luke23:46: "And when Jesus had cried with a loud voice, he said, "Father, unto
 thy hands I commend my spirit:" and having said thus, he gave up the ghost."

John19:30: "When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, "It is 
finished:" and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost."

>Events of the crucifiction

Matthew says that the veil of the temple was rent, that there was an
earthquake, and that it was dark from the sixth to the ninth hour, that graves
opened and bodies of the saints arose and went into Jeruselem, appearing to
many (beating Jesus to the resurection). Mark and Luke speak of darkness and
the veil of the temple being rent but mention no earthquake or risen saints. 
John is the only one who mentions Jesus's side being peirced.

>Burial of Jesus

Matthew says the Jews asked Pilate for a guard to prevent the body from being
stolen by the disciples, and for the tomb to be sealed. All of this was
supposedly done, but the other gospels do not mention these precautions.

>How long was Jesus in the tomb?
Depends where you look; Matthew 12:40 gives Jesus prophesying that he will
spend "three days and three nights in the heart of the earth", and Mark 10:34
has "after three days (meta treis emeras) he will rise again". As far as I can
see from a quick look, the prophecies have "after three days", but the
post-resurrection narratives have "on the third day".

>Time of the Resurection

Matthew says Sunday at dawn, Mark says the sun was rising, and John says it
was dark.

> Who was at the Empty Tomb?  Is it :

MAT 28:1  In the end of the sabbath, as it began to  dawn  toward the first
day of the week, came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the sepulchre.

MAR 16:1  And when the sabbath was past, Mary Magdalene, and Mary the  mother 
of  James, and Salome, had bought sweet spices, that they might come and
anoint him.

JOH 20:1  The first day of the week cometh Mary Magdalene  early, when  it 
was  yet  dark, unto the sepulchre, and seeth the stone taken away from the
sepulchre.

>Whom did they see at the tomb?

MAT 28:2  And, behold, there was  a  great  earthquake:  for  the angel of the
Lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the door,
and sat upon it.
MAT 28:3  His countenance was like  lightning,  and  his  raiment white as
snow: MAT 28:4  And for fear of him the keepers did shake,  and  became as
dead men. MAT 28:5  And the angel answered and said unto  the  women,  Fear
not ye: for I know that ye seek Jesus, which was crucified.

MAR 16:5  And entering into the sepulchre, they saw a  young  man sitting  on 
the right side, clothed in a long white garment; and they were affrighted.

LUK 24:4  And it came  to  pass,  as  they  were  much  perplexed thereabout,
behold, two men stood by them in shining garments:

JOH 20:12  And seeth two angels in white sitting, the one at  the head,  and 
the  other  at  the feet, where the body of Jesus had lain.

>Belief that the disciples stole Jesus's body

Matthew says the guard was paid to tell this story, but no other gospel makes
this claim.

>Appearences of the risen Jesus

Matthew says an angel at the tomb told the two Marys and that Jesus also told
them, to tell the disciples to meet him in Galilee.  The disciples then went
to a mountain previously agreed opon, and met Jesus there.  This was his only
appearance, except to the women at the tomb.  Matthew only devotes five verses
to the visit with the disciples.

Mark says that Jesus walked with two of the disciples in the country, and that
they told the rest of the disciples, who refused to believe.  Later he
appeared to the 11 disciples at mealtime.

Luke says two followers went, the same day that Jesus rose from the dead, to
Emmaus, a village eight miles from Jeruselem, and there Jesus jioned them but
was unrecognised.  While they ate a meal together that evening, they finally
recognised Jesus, whereopon he dissapeared.  Returning at once to Jeruselem,
they told the
disciples of their experience, and suddenly Jesus appeared among them,
frightening them, as they thought he was a spirit.  Jesus then ate some fish
and honey and then preached to them.

John says Jesus appeared to the disciples the evening of the day he arrose, in
Jeruselem, where they were hiding.  He breathed the Holy Ghost opon them, but
Thomas was not present and refused to believe. Eight days later Jesus joined
the disciples again at the same place and this time he convinced Thomas.	Once
more Jesus made an
appearance to the disciples at the sea of Tiberias but again was not
recognised.
 After telling them to cast their netson the other side of the boat, Jesus
becomes known to them and prepares bread and fish for them.  They all eat
together and converse.

The book of acts further adds to the confusion.  It says that Jesus showed
himself to the apostles for a period of 40 days after his resurection (thus
contradicting Matthew, Mark, Luke AND John) and spoke to them of things
pertaining to the kingdom of God: "And when he had spoken these things, while
they beheld, he was taken up; and a cloud recieved him out of their sight. 
And while they looked steadfastly toward heaven as he went up, two men stood
by them in white apparel: Which also said, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye
gazing into heaven? This same Jesus, which is taken from you into heaven,
shall so comein like manneras ye have seen him go into heaven" Acts 1:3-11

Paul outdoes every other "authority" by saying that Jesus was seen by 500
persons between the time of the resurection and the
assension, although he does not say where.	He also claims that he himself "as
one born out of due time" also saw Jesus. 1 Cor 15:6-8.

>The Ascension

Matthew says nothing about it.	Mark casually says that Jesus was recieved into
heaven after he was finished talking with the
disciples in Jeruselem.  Luke says Jesus led the desciples to Bethany and that
while he blessed them, he was parted from them and carried up into heaven. 
John says nothing about it.  Acts
contradicts all of the above.  (See previous section)

>When second coming?

MAT 24:34  Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass, till all
these things be fulfilled.

MAR 13:30  Verily I say unto you, that this generation shall  not pass, till
all these things be done.

LUK 21:32  Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not  pass away, till
all be fulfilled.

1 thessalonians 4:15-18

>How many apostles were in office between the resurection and ascention 
1 Corinthians 15:5 (12)
Matthew 27:3-5 (minus one from 12)
Acts 1:9-26 (Mathias not elected until after resurrection)
MAT 28:16  Then the eleven disciples went away into Galilee, into a mountain
where Jesus had appointed them.

> ascend to heaven
	"And Elijah went up by a whirlwind into heaven." (2 Kings 2:11)

	"No man hath ascended up to heaven but he that came down from heaven, 	...
the Son of Man." (John 3:13)

As you can see, there are a number of contradictions in the account of the
trial, crucifiction and resurection of Jesus.  If these are good witnesses,
you would think that they could get SOME of these important details right! 
(In fact, I cannot find very many points on where they AGREE.  You would think
that they could at least agree on some of the points they were supposedly
observing!) Because of the fact that there is so much contradiction and error,
the story of the resurection as presented cannot be taken as literal truth.
(Due to the nature of the story, I doubt if it should be taken as ANY sort of
truth.)

                   Alan


From: Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen)
Subject: Albert Sabin


BR> From: wpr@atlanta.dg.com (Bill Rawlins)
BR> Newsgroups: alt.atheism
BR> Organization: DGSID, Atlanta, GA

BR>         The problem is that most scientists exclude the
BR> possibility of the         supernatural in the question of
BR> origins.  Is this is a fair premise?         I utterly
BR> reject the hypothesis that science is the highest form of   
BR>      truth.

It is better than the crap that the creationists put out.  So far all they
have been able to manage is distortions and half-truths. (When they are not
taking quotes out of context...)

BR>         Some of these so-called human-like creatures were
BR> apes.  Some were         humans.  Some were fancifully
BR> reconstructed from fragments. 

The genetic code has shown more about how man is realted to primates that the
fossil record.  (A little detail the creationists try and ignore.)

BR>            Good deeds do not justify a person in God's
BR> sight.            An atonement (Jesus) is needed to atone
BR> for sin.

Who says?  Your Bible(tm)?	I would be surprised if *ANY* Christian followed
all of the rules in the Bible.  (Most of them just pick and choose, according
to the local biases.)

BR>      My point: God is the creator.  Look's like we agree.

Where is your proof?  How do you know it was *YOUR* God?

BR>      I'll send you some info via e-mail.
BR>      Regards, Bill.

Why not post them?	I would be interested in seeing them myself.

                   Alan


From: Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen)
Subject: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is


MC> Theory of Creationism: MY theistic view of the theory of
MC> creationism, (there  are many others) is stated in Genesis
MC> 1.  In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.

And which order of Creation do you accept?	The story of creation is one of the
many places in the Bible where the Story contradicts itself.  The following is
an example...

GEN 1:25  And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle 
after  their kind, and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after his
kind: and God saw that it was good.
GEN 1:26  And God said, Let us make man in our image,  after  our likeness: 
and  let  them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of
the air, and over the cattle, and  over  all the  earth,  and over every
creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.

GEN 2:18  And the LORD God said, It is  not  good  that  the  man should be
alone; I will make him an help meet for him.
GEN 2:19  And out of the ground the LORD God formed  every  beast of  the 
field,  and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto Adam to see what he
would call them: and whatsoever  Adam  called every living creature, that was
the name thereof.

Even your Bible cannot agree on how things were created.  Why should we
believe in it?

                   Alan


From: Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen)
Subject: some thoughts.


rh> From: house@helios.usq.EDU.AU (ron house)
rh> Newsgroups: alt.atheism
rh> Organization: University of Southern Queensland

rh> bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 

rh> I _know_ I shouldn't get involved, but...   :-)

rh> [bit deleted]

>	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.
[rest of rant deleted]

This is a standard argument for fundies.  Can you spot the falicy? The
statement is arguing from the assumption that Jesus actually existed.  So far,
they have not been able to offer real proof of that existance.  Most of them
try it using the (very) flawed writings of Josh McDowell and others to prove
it, but those writers use VERY flawed sources.  (If they are real sources at
all, some are not.)  When will they ever learn to do real research, instead of
believing the drivel sold in the Christian bookstores.

rh> Righto, DAN, try this one with your Cornflakes...

rh> The book says that Muhammad was either a liar, or he was
rh> crazy ( a  modern day Mad Mahdi) or he was actually who he
rh> said he was. Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as
rh> follows.  Who would  die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able
rh> to tell if he was a liar?  People  gathered around him and
rh> kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing  how his
rh> son-in-law made the sun stand still.  Call me a fool, but I
rh> believe  he did make the sun stand still.  
rh> Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation
rh> be drawn  to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact
rh> rediculous.  For example  anyone who is drawn to the Mad
rh> Mahdi is obviously a fool, logical people see  this right
rh> away.
rh> Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have
rh> been the  real thing.  

Nice rebutal!

                   Alan


From: jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu (James Thomas Green)
Subject: Re: "So help you God" in court?

bobbe@vice (Robert Beauchaine;6086;59-323;LP=A;YAyG) Pontificated: 
>
>  I guess I don't understand the problem.  I've never had any
>  problem swearing and using the name of "god" in the same sentence.
>  Comes quite naturally, as a matter of facxt.
>

I would guess that you either mean that you don't have a problem
swearing aligance to a non-existant being or that you are being
deliberatily dense (considering what group this is).  

It doesn't come "quite naturally" to nonbelievers such as myself
or even to followers of other religions.  Would you say it would
be quite natural if you were forced to swear by "Allah" or
"Budda"?  



/~~~(-: James T. Green :-)~~~~(-: jgreen@oboe.calpoly.edu :-)~~~\ 
|  "At all times and in all nations,                            |
|     the priest has been hostile to liberty."                  |
|                               <Thomas Jefferson>              |

From: mayne@pipe.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne)
Subject: Re: Alleged Deathbed Conversions (was: Asimov stamp)

In article <sheafferC63zt0.Brs@netcom.com> sheaffer@netcom.com (Robert Sheaffer) writes:
>
>It had to happen: the old allegation of the "deathbed conversion" of the
>noted unbeliever... [other examples]
>What all of these "deathbed conversion"
>claims have in common is that they are utterly unsubstantiated, and
>almost certainly untrue.

I would not be too quick to say that they are almost certainly untrue.
Even strong minded people may fall back on childhood indoctrination,
grasp at straws, or do other strange things when faced with extreme
suffering, not to mention physiological problems which may lead to
diminished mental capacity.

At the risk of restarting an old argument and accusations of appeal to
authority I remind readers of what I posted a while back as a kind of
obituary for the late atheist Dr. Albert Sabin. In an old interview
rebroadcast on public radio just after his death he told about a time
a few years before when he was stricken with a very serious illness.
He admitted to having cried out to God while critically ill and on a
respirator. As it turned out he recovered and lived several more years.
After his recovery he attributed this to early indoctrination. Don't say
it couldn't happen to you, or that it hasn't happened to others, even if
you are one of the few people who have experienced things like this.
People are different. I admire Dr. Sabin for admitting his human weakness
in that instance. I would not think less of Asimov for similar weakness.

Nevertheless I agree that these reports are unsubstantiated and may
well be untrue. In any case they are not evidence for anything besides
the power of early indoctrination and human frailty.

Bill Mayne

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <93108.020701TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu>
Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
 
>>In article <93106.155002JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu> <JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
>>>YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
>>>PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>>
>>readers of the group.  How convenient that he doesn't have a real name...
>>Let's start up the letters to the sysadmin, shall we?
>
>His real name is Jeremy Scott Noonan.
>vmoper@psuvm.psu.edu should have at least some authority,
>or at least know who to email.
>
 
POSTMAST@PSUVM.BITNET respectively P_RFOWLES or P_WVERITY (the sys admins)
at the same node are probably a better idea than the operator.
   Benedikt

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <115846@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>Certainly. It is a central aspect of Islam to show mercy and to give
>those who've done wrong (even presuming Rushdie _did_ violate Islamic
>Law) and committed crimes. This was the basis for my posts regarding
>leniency which seemed not to have penetrated Benedikt's skull.
 
You have demanded harsh punishments of several crimes. Repeating
offenders have slipped in only as justification of harsh punishment at
all. Typically religious doublespeak. Whenever you have contradictory
statements you choose the possibility that suits your current argument.
 
It is disgusting that someone with ideas that would make Theodore KKKaldis
feel cozy can go along under the protection of religion.
 
Gregg, tell us, would you kill idolaters?
   Benedikt

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism)

In article <1993Apr17.122329.21438@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
 
>>>"AND IT IS HE (GOD ALMIGHTY) WHO CREATED THE NIGHT AND THE
>>>DAY, AND THE SUN AND THE EARTH:  ALL (THE CELETIAL BODIES)
>>>SWIM ALONG, EACH IN ITS ROUNDED COURSE."  (Holy Quran 21:33)
>
>>Hmm. This agrees with the Ptolemic system of the earth at the centre,
>>with the planets orbitting round it. So Copernicus and Gallileo were
>>wrong after all!
>
>You haven't read very carefully -- if you look again, you will see that
>it doesn't say anything about what is circling what.
>
 
Anyway, they are not moving in circles.  Nor is there any evidence that
everything goes around in a rounded course in a general sense. Wishy-
washy statements are not scientific.
   Benedikt

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Wholly Babble (Was Re: free moral agency)

In article <2944159064.5.p00261@psilink.com>
"Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
 
(Deletion)
>Of course, there is also the
>Book of the SubGenius and that whole collection of writings as well.
 
 
Does someone know a FTP site with it?
   Benedikt

From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <116551@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>>That's was the original answer. While it does not say that he has the head
>>necessarily up its ass, it would be meaningless and pointless if it was not
>>insinuated.
>
>
>I don't see a header referring to Bob as the poster to whom I was
>responding. I distinctly remember thinking I was responding to you
>when I wrote this, in which case I would make no apologies. But
>in the event that I _was_ in fact responding to Bob, I hereby
>apologize to Bob for _insinuating_ such a thing. Sorry Bob.
>On the other hand, it could be that Ben has his head so far up
>his ass that he can't tell himself from Bob.
>
 
Sorry, Gregg, it was no answer to a post of mine. And you are quite
fond of using abusing language whenever you think your religion is
misrepresented. By the way, I have no trouble telling me apart from
Bob Beauchaine.
 
 
I still wait for your answer to that the Quran allows you to beat your wife
into submission. You were quite upset about the claim that it was in it,
to be more correct, you said it wasn't.
 
I asked you about what your consequences were in case it would be in the
Quran, but you have simply ceased to respond on that thread. Can it be
that you have found out in the meantime that it is the Holy Book?
 
What are your consequences now? Was your being upset just a show? Do you
simple inherit your morals from a Book, ie is it suddenly ok now? Is it
correct to say that the words of Muhammad reflect the primitive Machism
of his society? Or have you spent your time with your new gained freedom?
   Benedikt

Subject: Re: Alleged Deathbed Conversions (was: Asimov stamp)
From: lippard@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)

In article <C6697n.33o@panix.com>, carlf@panix.com (Carl Fink) writes...
>In <sheafferC63zt0.Brs@netcom.com> sheaffer@netcom.com (Robert Sheaffer) writes:
> 
>[deletion]
>>It had to happen: the old allegation of the "deathbed conversion" of the
>>noted unbeliever. I seem to recall similar claims being made about
>>Voltaire, Mencken, Darwin, Ingersoll, etc. Indeed, the literary hoax
>>attributed to Nietzsche, "My Sister and I", portrays him as trembling
>>in fear before Divine Judgment (and it was recently re-issued by _Amok_
>>Books, with an introduction by a Lutheran professor telling us why we
>>should take it seriously!). What all of these "deathbed conversion"
>>claims have in common is that they are utterly unsubstantiated, and
>>almost certainly untrue.
> 
>  Perhaps the least believable and most infurating alleged conversion
>was that of Tom Paine, reported, like most, only by his devout
>relatives.
> 
>  Asimov was very unlikely to convert to Christianity on his deathbed.
>Return to Judaism, perhaps, if he did revert to childhood training,
>but Christianity?  The Good Doctor would more likely have converted to
>Hinduism.

"Isaac Asimov read creationist books.  He read the Bible.  He had ample
opportunity to kneel before his Creator and Savior.  He refused.  In
fact, he sent out a strong promotional letter urging support of the
American Humanist Association, shortly before he died."

   --excerpt from Ken Ham, "Asimov Meets His Creator," _Back to Genesis_
     No. 42, June 1992, p. c (included in _Acts & Facts_ vol. 21, no. 6,
     June 1992, from the Institute for Creation Research).  This is one
     of the most offensive articles they've ever published--but at least
     it argues *against* a deathbed conversion.  There's a part of the
     article even worse than what I've just quoted, in which an excerpt
     from a reader's letter says that if Asimov is burning in hell now,
     "then he certainly has had a 180-degree change in his former beliefs
     about creation and the Creator."  (A post-deathbed conversion.)

Jim Lippard              Lippard@CCIT.ARIZONA.EDU
Dept. of Philosophy      Lippard@ARIZVMS.BITNET
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 49960
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Atheist Resources

Archive-name: atheism/resources
Alt-atheism-archive-name: resources
Last-modified: 11 December 1992
Version: 1.0

                              Atheist Resources

                      Addresses of Atheist Organizations

                                     USA

FREEDOM FROM RELIGION FOUNDATION

Darwin fish bumper stickers and assorted other atheist paraphernalia are
available from the Freedom From Religion Foundation in the US.

Write to:  FFRF, P.O. Box 750, Madison, WI 53701.
Telephone: (608) 256-8900

EVOLUTION DESIGNS

Evolution Designs sell the "Darwin fish".  It's a fish symbol, like the ones
Christians stick on their cars, but with feet and the word "Darwin" written
inside.  The deluxe moulded 3D plastic fish is $4.95 postpaid in the US.

Write to:  Evolution Designs, 7119 Laurel Canyon #4, North Hollywood,
           CA 91605.

People in the San Francisco Bay area can get Darwin Fish from Lynn Gold --
try mailing <figmo@netcom.com>.  For net people who go to Lynn directly, the
price is $4.95 per fish.

AMERICAN ATHEIST PRESS

AAP publish various atheist books -- critiques of the Bible, lists of
Biblical contradictions, and so on.  One such book is:

"The Bible Handbook" by W.P. Ball and G.W. Foote.  American Atheist Press.
372 pp.  ISBN 0-910309-26-4, 2nd edition, 1986.  Bible contradictions,
absurdities, atrocities, immoralities... contains Ball, Foote: "The Bible
Contradicts Itself", AAP.  Based on the King James version of the Bible.

Write to:  American Atheist Press, P.O. Box 140195, Austin, TX 78714-0195.
      or:  7215 Cameron Road, Austin, TX 78752-2973.
Telephone: (512) 458-1244
Fax:       (512) 467-9525

PROMETHEUS BOOKS

Sell books including Haught's "Holy Horrors" (see below).

Write to:  700 East Amherst Street, Buffalo, New York 14215.
Telephone: (716) 837-2475.

An alternate address (which may be newer or older) is:
Prometheus Books, 59 Glenn Drive, Buffalo, NY 14228-2197.

AFRICAN-AMERICANS FOR HUMANISM

An organization promoting black secular humanism and uncovering the history of
black freethought.  They publish a quarterly newsletter, AAH EXAMINER.

Write to:  Norm R. Allen, Jr., African Americans for Humanism, P.O. Box 664,
           Buffalo, NY 14226.

                                United Kingdom

Rationalist Press Association          National Secular Society
88 Islington High Street               702 Holloway Road
London N1 8EW                          London N19 3NL
071 226 7251                           071 272 1266

British Humanist Association           South Place Ethical Society
14 Lamb's Conduit Passage              Conway Hall
London WC1R 4RH                        Red Lion Square
071 430 0908                           London WC1R 4RL
fax 071 430 1271                       071 831 7723

The National Secular Society publish "The Freethinker", a monthly magazine
founded in 1881.

                                   Germany

IBKA e.V.
Internationaler Bund der Konfessionslosen und Atheisten
Postfach 880, D-1000 Berlin 41. Germany.

IBKA publish a journal:
MIZ. (Materialien und Informationen zur Zeit. Politisches
Journal der Konfessionslosesn und Atheisten. Hrsg. IBKA e.V.)
MIZ-Vertrieb, Postfach 880, D-1000 Berlin 41. Germany.

For atheist books, write to:

IBDK, Internationaler B"ucherdienst der Konfessionslosen
Postfach 3005, D-3000 Hannover 1. Germany.
Telephone: 0511/211216


                               Books -- Fiction

THOMAS M. DISCH

"The Santa Claus Compromise"
Short story.  The ultimate proof that Santa exists.  All characters and 
events are fictitious.  Any similarity to living or dead gods -- uh, well...

WALTER M. MILLER, JR

"A Canticle for Leibowitz"
One gem in this post atomic doomsday novel is the monks who spent their lives
copying blueprints from "Saint Leibowitz", filling the sheets of paper with
ink and leaving white lines and letters.

EDGAR PANGBORN

"Davy"
Post atomic doomsday novel set in clerical states.  The church, for example,
forbids that anyone "produce, describe or use any substance containing...
atoms". 

PHILIP K. DICK

Philip K. Dick Dick wrote many philosophical and thought-provoking short 
stories and novels.  His stories are bizarre at times, but very approachable.
He wrote mainly SF, but he wrote about people, truth and religion rather than
technology.  Although he often believed that he had met some sort of God, he
remained sceptical.  Amongst his novels, the following are of some relevance:

"Galactic Pot-Healer"
A fallible alien deity summons a group of Earth craftsmen and women to a
remote planet to raise a giant cathedral from beneath the oceans.  When the
deity begins to demand faith from the earthers, pot-healer Joe Fernwright is
unable to comply.  A polished, ironic and amusing novel.

"A Maze of Death"
Noteworthy for its description of a technology-based religion.

"VALIS"
The schizophrenic hero searches for the hidden mysteries of Gnostic
Christianity after reality is fired into his brain by a pink laser beam of
unknown but possibly divine origin.  He is accompanied by his dogmatic and
dismissively atheist friend and assorted other odd characters.

"The Divine Invasion"
God invades Earth by making a young woman pregnant as she returns from
another star system.  Unfortunately she is terminally ill, and must be
assisted by a dead man whose brain is wired to 24-hour easy listening music.

MARGARET ATWOOD

"The Handmaid's Tale"
A story based on the premise that the US Congress is mysteriously
assassinated, and fundamentalists quickly take charge of the nation to set it
"right" again.  The book is the diary of a woman's life as she tries to live
under the new Christian theocracy.  Women's right to own property is revoked,
and their bank accounts are closed; sinful luxuries are outlawed, and the
radio is only used for readings from the Bible.  Crimes are punished
retroactively: doctors who performed legal abortions in the "old world" are
hunted down and hanged.  Atwood's writing style is difficult to get used to
at first, but the tale grows more and more chilling as it goes on.

VARIOUS AUTHORS

"The Bible"
This somewhat dull and rambling work has often been criticized.  However, it
is probably worth reading, if only so that you'll know what all the fuss is
about.  It exists in many different versions, so make sure you get the one
true version.

                             Books -- Non-fiction

PETER DE ROSA

"Vicars of Christ", Bantam Press, 1988
Although de Rosa seems to be Christian or even Catholic this is a very
enlighting history of papal immoralities, adulteries, fallacies etc.
(German translation: "Gottes erste Diener. Die dunkle Seite des Papsttums",
Droemer-Knaur, 1989)

MICHAEL MARTIN

"Atheism: A Philosophical Justification", Temple University Press,
 Philadelphia, USA.
A detailed and scholarly justification of atheism.  Contains an outstanding
appendix defining terminology and usage in this (necessarily) tendentious
area.  Argues both for "negative atheism" (i.e. the "non-belief in the
existence of god(s)") and also for "positive atheism" ("the belief in the
non-existence of god(s)").  Includes great refutations of the most
challenging arguments for god; particular attention is paid to refuting
contempory theists such as Platinga and Swinburne.
541 pages. ISBN 0-87722-642-3 (hardcover; paperback also available)

"The Case Against Christianity", Temple University Press
A comprehensive critique of Christianity, in which he considers
the best contemporary defences of Christianity and (ultimately)
demonstrates that they are unsupportable and/or incoherent.
273 pages. ISBN 0-87722-767-5

JAMES TURNER

"Without God, Without Creed", The Johns Hopkins University Press, Baltimore,
 MD, USA
Subtitled "The Origins of Unbelief in America".  Examines the way in which
unbelief (whether agnostic or atheistic)  became a mainstream alternative
world-view.  Focusses on the period 1770-1900, and while considering France
and Britain the emphasis is on American, and particularly New England
developments.  "Neither a religious history of secularization or atheism,
Without God, Without Creed is, rather, the intellectual history of the fate
of a single idea, the belief that God exists." 
316 pages. ISBN (hardcover) 0-8018-2494-X (paper) 0-8018-3407-4

GEORGE SELDES (Editor)

"The great thoughts", Ballantine Books, New York, USA
A "dictionary of quotations" of a different kind, concentrating on statements
and writings which, explicitly or implicitly, present the person's philosophy
and world-view.  Includes obscure (and often suppressed) opinions from many
people.  For some popular observations, traces the way in which various
people expressed and twisted the idea over the centuries.  Quite a number of
the quotations are derived from Cardiff's "What Great Men Think of Religion"
and Noyes' "Views of Religion".
490 pages. ISBN (paper) 0-345-29887-X.

RICHARD SWINBURNE

"The Existence of God (Revised Edition)", Clarendon Paperbacks, Oxford
This book is the second volume in a trilogy that began with "The Coherence of
Theism" (1977) and was concluded with "Faith and Reason" (1981).  In this
work, Swinburne attempts to construct a series of inductive arguments for the
existence of God.  His arguments, which are somewhat tendentious and rely
upon the imputation of late 20th century western Christian values and
aesthetics to a God which is supposedly as simple as can be conceived, were
decisively rejected in Mackie's "The Miracle of Theism".  In the revised
edition of "The Existence of God", Swinburne includes an Appendix in which he
makes a somewhat incoherent attempt to rebut Mackie.

J. L. MACKIE

"The Miracle of Theism", Oxford
This (posthumous) volume contains a comprehensive review of the principal
arguments for and against the existence of God.  It ranges from the classical
philosophical positions of Descartes, Anselm, Berkeley, Hume et al, through
the moral arguments of Newman, Kant and Sidgwick, to the recent restatements
of the classical theses by Plantinga and Swinburne.  It also addresses those
positions which push the concept of God beyond the realm of the rational,
such as those of Kierkegaard, Kung and Philips, as well as "replacements for
God" such as Lelie's axiarchism.  The book is a delight to read - less
formalistic and better written than Martin's works, and refreshingly direct
when compared with the hand-waving of Swinburne.

JAMES A. HAUGHT

"Holy Horrors: An Illustrated History of Religious Murder and Madness",
 Prometheus Books
Looks at religious persecution from ancient times to the present day -- and
not only by Christians.
Library of Congress Catalog Card Number 89-64079. 1990.

NORM R. ALLEN, JR.

"African American Humanism: an Anthology"
See the listing for African Americans for Humanism above.

GORDON STEIN

"An Anthology of Atheism and Rationalism", Prometheus Books
An anthology covering a wide range of subjects, including 'The Devil, Evil
and Morality' and 'The History of Freethought'.  Comprehensive bibliography.

EDMUND D. COHEN

"The Mind of The Bible-Believer", Prometheus Books
A study of why people become Christian fundamentalists, and what effect it
has on them.

                                Net Resources

There's a small mail-based archive server at mantis.co.uk which carries
archives of old alt.atheism.moderated articles and assorted other files.  For
more information, send mail to archive-server@mantis.co.uk saying

   help
   send atheism/index

and it will mail back a reply.


mathew
�

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51060
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Introduction to Atheism

Archive-name: atheism/introduction
Alt-atheism-archive-name: introduction
Last-modified: 5 April 1993
Version: 1.2

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----

                          An Introduction to Atheism
                       by mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>

This article attempts to provide a general introduction to atheism.  Whilst I
have tried to be as neutral as possible regarding contentious issues, you
should always remember that this document represents only one viewpoint.  I
would encourage you to read widely and draw your own conclusions; some
relevant books are listed in a companion article.

To provide a sense of cohesion and progression, I have presented this article
as an imaginary conversation between an atheist and a theist.  All the
questions asked by the imaginary theist are questions which have been cropped
up repeatedly on alt.atheism since the newsgroup was created.  Some other
frequently asked questions are answered in a companion article.

Please note that this article is arguably slanted towards answering questions
posed from a Christian viewpoint.  This is because the FAQ files reflect
questions which have actually been asked, and it is predominantly Christians
who proselytize on alt.atheism.

So when I talk of religion, I am talking primarily about religions such as
Christianity, Judaism and Islam, which involve some sort of superhuman divine
being.  Much of the discussion will apply to other religions, but some of it
may not.

"What is atheism?"

Atheism is characterized by an absence of belief in the existence of God.
Some atheists go further, and believe that God does not exist.  The former is
often referred to as the "weak atheist" position, and the latter as "strong
atheism".

It is important to note the difference between these two positions.  "Weak
atheism" is simple scepticism; disbelief in the existence of God.  "Strong
atheism" is a positive belief that God does not exist.  Please do not
fall into the trap of assuming that all atheists are "strong atheists".

Some atheists believe in the non-existence of all Gods; others limit their
atheism to specific Gods, such as the Christian God, rather than making
flat-out denials.

"But isn't disbelieving in God the same thing as believing he doesn't exist?"

Definitely not.  Disbelief in a proposition means that one does not believe
it to be true.  Not believing that something is true is not equivalent to
believing that it is false; one may simply have no idea whether it is true or
not.  Which brings us to agnosticism.

"What is agnosticism then?"

The term 'agnosticism' was coined by Professor Huxley at a meeting of the
Metaphysical Society in 1876.  He defined an agnostic as someone who
disclaimed ("strong") atheism and believed that the ultimate origin of things
must be some cause unknown and unknowable.

Thus an agnostic is someone who believes that we do not and cannot know for
sure whether God exists.

Words are slippery things, and language is inexact.  Beware of assuming that
you can work out someone's philosophical point of view simply from the fact
that she calls herself an atheist or an agnostic.  For example, many people
use agnosticism to mean "weak atheism", and use the word "atheism" only when
referring to "strong atheism".

Beware also that because the word "atheist" has so many shades of meaning, it
is very difficult to generalize about atheists.  About all you can say for
sure is that atheists don't believe in God.  For example, it certainly isn't
the case that all atheists believe that science is the best way to find out
about the universe.

"So what is the philosophical justification or basis for atheism?"

There are many philosophical justifications for atheism.  To find out why a
particular person chooses to be an atheist, it's best to ask her.

Many atheists feel that the idea of God as presented by the major religions
is essentially self-contradictory, and that it is logically impossible that
such a God could exist.  Others are atheists through scepticism, because they
see no evidence that God exists.

"But isn't it impossible to prove the non-existence of something?"

There are many counter-examples to such a statement.  For example, it is
quite simple to prove that there does not exist a prime number larger than
all other prime numbers.  Of course, this deals with well-defined objects
obeying well-defined rules.  Whether Gods or universes are similarly
well-defined is a matter for debate.

However, assuming for the moment that the existence of a God is not provably
impossible, there are still subtle reasons for assuming the non-existence of
God.  If we assume that something does not exist, it is always possible to
show that this assumption is invalid by finding a single counter-example.

If on the other hand we assume that something does exist, and if the thing in
question is not provably impossible, showing that the assumption is invalid
may require an exhaustive search of all possible places where such a thing
might be found, to show that it isn't there.  Such an exhaustive search is
often impractical or impossible.  There is no such problem with largest
primes, because we can prove that they don't exist.

Therefore it is generally accepted that we must assume things do not exist
unless we have evidence that they do.  Even theists follow this rule most of
the time; they don't believe in unicorns, even though they can't conclusively
prove that no unicorns exist anywhere.

To assume that God exists is to make an assumption which probably cannot be
tested.  We cannot make an exhaustive search of everywhere God might be to
prove that he doesn't exist anywhere.  So the sceptical atheist assumes by
default that God does not exist, since that is an assumption we can test.

Those who profess strong atheism usually do not claim that no sort of God
exists; instead, they generally restrict their claims so as to cover
varieties of God described by followers of various religions.  So whilst it
may be impossible to prove conclusively that no God exists, it may be
possible to prove that (say) a God as described by a particular religious
book does not exist.  It may even be possible to prove that no God described
by any present-day religion exists.

In practice, believing that no God described by any religion exists is very
close to believing that no God exists.  However, it is sufficiently different
that counter-arguments based on the impossibility of disproving every kind of
God are not really applicable.

"But what if God is essentially non-detectable?"

If God interacts with our universe in any way, the effects of his interaction
must be measurable.  Hence his interaction with our universe must be
detectable.

If God is essentially non-detectable, it must therefore be the case that he
does not interact with our universe in any way.  Many atheists would argue
that if God does not interact with our universe at all, it is of no
importance whether he exists or not.

If the Bible is to be believed, God was easily detectable by the Israelites.
Surely he should still be detectable today?

Note that I am not demanding that God interact in a scientifically
verifiable, physical way.  It must surely be possible to perceive some
effect caused by his presence, though; otherwise, how can I distinguish him
from all the other things that don't exist?

"OK, you may think there's a philosophical justification for atheism, but
 isn't it still a religious belief?"

One of the most common pastimes in philosophical discussion is "the
redefinition game".  The cynical view of this game is as follows:

Person A begins by making a contentious statement.  When person B points out
that it can't be true, person A gradually re-defines the words he used in the
statement until he arrives at something person B is prepared to accept.  He
then records the statement, along with the fact that person B has agreed to
it, and continues.  Eventually A uses the statement as an "agreed fact", but
uses his original definitions of all the words in it rather than the obscure
redefinitions originally needed to get B to agree to it.  Rather than be seen
to be apparently inconsistent, B will tend to play along.

The point of this digression is that the answer to the question "Isn't
atheism a religious belief?" depends crucially upon what is meant by
"religious".  "Religion" is generally characterized by belief in a superhuman
controlling power -- especially in some sort of God -- and by faith and
worship.

[ It's worth pointing out in passing that some varieties of Buddhism are not
  "religion" according to such a definition. ]

Atheism is certainly not a belief in any sort of superhuman power, nor is it
categorized by worship in any meaningful sense.  Widening the definition of
"religious" to encompass atheism tends to result in many other aspects of
human behaviour suddenly becoming classed as "religious" as well -- such as
science, politics, and watching TV.

"OK, so it's not a religion.  But surely belief in atheism (or science) is
 still just an act of faith, like religion is?"

Firstly, it's not entirely clear that sceptical atheism is something one
actually believes in.

Secondly, it is necessary to adopt a number of core beliefs or assumptions to
make some sort of sense out of the sensory data we experience.  Most atheists
try to adopt as few core beliefs as possible; and even those are subject to
questioning if experience throws them into doubt.

Science has a number of core assumptions.  For example, it is generally
assumed that the laws of physics are the same for all observers.  These are
the sort of core assumptions atheists make.  If such basic ideas are called
"acts of faith", then almost everything we know must be said to be based on
acts of faith, and the term loses its meaning.

Faith is more often used to refer to complete, certain belief in something.
According to such a definition, atheism and science are certainly not acts of
faith.  Of course, individual atheists or scientists can be as dogmatic as
religious followers when claiming that something is "certain".  This is not a
general tendency, however; there are many atheists who would be reluctant to
state with certainty that the universe exists.

Faith is also used to refer to belief without supporting evidence or proof.
Sceptical atheism certainly doesn't fit that definition, as sceptical atheism
has no beliefs.  Strong atheism is closer, but still doesn't really match, as
even the most dogmatic atheist will tend to refer to experimental data (or
the lack of it) when asserting that God does not exist.

"If atheism is not religious, surely it's anti-religious?"

It is an unfortunate human tendency to label everyone as either "for" or
"against", "friend" or "enemy".  The truth is not so clear-cut.

Atheism is the position that runs logically counter to theism; in that sense,
it can be said to be "anti-religion".  However, when religious believers
speak of atheists being "anti-religious" they usually mean that the atheists
have some sort of antipathy or hatred towards theists.

This categorization of atheists as hostile towards religion is quite unfair.
Atheist attitudes towards theists in fact cover a broad spectrum.

Most atheists take a "live and let live" attitude.  Unless questioned, they
will not usually mention their atheism, except perhaps to close friends.  Of
course, this may be in part because atheism is not "socially acceptable" in
many countries.

A few atheists are quite anti-religious, and may even try to "convert" others
when possible.  Historically, such anti-religious atheists have made little
impact on society outside the Eastern Bloc countries.

(To digress slightly: the Soviet Union was originally dedicated to separation
of church and state, just like the USA.  Soviet citizens were legally free to
worship as they wished.  The institution of "state atheism" came about when
Stalin took control of the Soviet Union and tried to destroy the churches in
order to gain complete power over the population.)

Some atheists are quite vocal about their beliefs, but only where they see
religion encroaching on matters which are not its business -- for example,
the government of the USA.  Such individuals are usually concerned that
church and state should remain separate.

"But if you don't allow religion to have a say in the running of the state,
 surely that's the same as state atheism?"

The principle of the separation of church and state is that the state shall
not legislate concerning matters of religious belief.  In particular, it
means not only that the state cannot promote one religion at the expense of
another, but also that it cannot promote any belief which is religious in
nature.

Religions can still have a say in discussion of purely secular matters.  For
example, religious believers have historically been responsible for
encouraging many political reforms.  Even today, many organizations
campaigning for an increase in spending on foreign aid are founded as
religious campaigns.  So long as they campaign concerning secular matters,
and so long as they do not discriminate on religious grounds, most atheists
are quite happy to see them have their say.

"What about prayer in schools? If there's no God, why do you care if people
 pray?"

Because people who do pray are voters and lawmakers, and tend to do things
that those who don't pray can't just ignore.  Also, Christian prayer in
schools is intimidating to non-Christians, even if they are told that they
need not join in.  The diversity of religious and non-religious belief means
that it is impossible to formulate a meaningful prayer that will be
acceptable to all those present at any public event.

Also, non-prayers tend to have friends and family who pray.  It is reasonable
to care about friends and family wasting their time, even without other
motives.

"You mentioned Christians who campaign for increased foreign aid.  What about
 atheists?  Why aren't there any atheist charities or hospitals?  Don't
 atheists object to the religious charities?"

There are many charities without religious purpose that atheists can
contribute to.  Some atheists contribute to religious charities as well, for
the sake of the practical good they do.  Some atheists even do voluntary work
for charities founded on a theistic basis.

Most atheists seem to feel that atheism isn't worth shouting about in
connection with charity.  To them, atheism is just a simple, obvious everyday
matter, and so is charity.  Many feel that it's somewhat cheap, not to say
self-righteous, to use simple charity as an excuse to plug a particular set
of religious beliefs.

To "weak" atheists, building a hospital to say "I do not believe in God" is a
rather strange idea; it's rather like holding a party to say "Today is not my
birthday".  Why the fuss?  Atheism is rarely evangelical.

"You said atheism isn't anti-religious.  But is it perhaps a backlash against
 one's upbringing, a way of rebelling?"

Perhaps it is, for some.  But many people have parents who do not attempt to
force any religious (or atheist) ideas upon them, and many of those people
choose to call themselves atheists.

It's also doubtless the case that some religious people chose religion as a
backlash against an atheist upbringing, as a way of being different.  On the
other hand, many people choose religion as a way of conforming to the
expectations of others.

On the whole, we can't conclude much about whether atheism or religion are
backlash or conformism; although in general, people have a tendency to go
along with a group rather than act or think independently.

"How do atheists differ from religious people?"

They don't believe in God.  That's all there is to it.

Atheists may listen to heavy metal -- backwards, even -- or they may prefer a
Verdi Requiem, even if they know the words.  They may wear Hawaiian shirts,
they may dress all in black, they may even wear orange robes.  (Many
Buddhists lack a belief in any sort of God.)  Some atheists even carry a copy
of the Bible around -- for arguing against, of course!

Whoever you are, the chances are you have met several atheists without
realising it.  Atheists are usually unexceptional in behaviour and
appearance.

"Unexceptional? But aren't atheists less moral than religious people?"

That depends.  If you define morality as obedience to God, then of course
atheists are less moral as they don't obey any God.  But usually when one
talks of morality, one talks of what is acceptable ("right") and unacceptable
("wrong") behaviour within society.

Humans are social animals, and to be maximally successful they must
co-operate with each other.  This is a good enough reason to discourage most
atheists from "anti-social" or "immoral" behaviour, purely for the purposes
of self-preservation.

Many atheists behave in a "moral" or "compassionate" way simply because they
feel a natural tendency to empathize with other humans.  So why do they care
what happens to others?  They don't know, they simply are that way.

Naturally, there are some people who behave "immorally" and try to use
atheism to justify their actions.  However, there are equally many people who
behave "immorally" and then try to use religious beliefs to justify their
actions.  For example:

  "Here is a trustworthy saying that deserves full acceptance: Jesus Christ
   came into the world to save sinners...  But for that very reason, I was
   shown mercy so that in me...  Jesus Christ might display His unlimited
   patience as an example for those who would believe in him and receive
   eternal life.  Now to the king eternal, immortal, invisible, the only God,
   be honor and glory forever and ever."

The above quote is from a statement made to the court on February 17th 1992
by Jeffrey Dahmer, the notorious cannibal serial killer of Milwaukee,
Wisconsin.  It seems that for every atheist mass-murderer, there is a
religious mass-murderer.  But what of more trivial morality?

   A survey conducted by the Roper Organization found that behavior
   deteriorated after "born again" experiences.  While only 4% of respondents
   said they had driven intoxicated before being "born again," 12% had done
   so after conversion.  Similarly, 5% had used illegal drugs before
   conversion, 9% after.  Two percent admitted to engaging in illicit sex
   before salvation; 5% after.
                                ["Freethought Today", September 1991, p. 12.]

So it seems that at best, religion does not have a monopoly on moral
behaviour.

"Is there such a thing as atheist morality?"

If you mean "Is there such a thing as morality for atheists?", then the
answer is yes, as explained above.  Many atheists have ideas about morality
which are at least as strong as those held by religious people.

If you mean "Does atheism have a characteristic moral code?", then the answer
is no.  Atheism by itself does not imply anything much about how a person
will behave.  Most atheists follow many of the same "moral rules" as theists,
but for different reasons.  Atheists view morality as something created by
humans, according to the way humans feel the world 'ought' to work, rather
than seeing it as a set of rules decreed by a supernatural being.

"Then aren't atheists just theists who are denying God?"

A study by the Freedom From Religion Foundation found that over 90% of the
atheists who responded became atheists because religion did not work for
them.  They had found that religious beliefs were fundamentally incompatible
with what they observed around them.

Atheists are not unbelievers through ignorance or denial; they are
unbelievers through choice.  The vast majority of them have spent time
studying one or more religions, sometimes in very great depth.  They have
made a careful and considered decision to reject religious beliefs.

This decision may, of course, be an inevitable consequence of that
individual's personality.  For a naturally sceptical person, the choice
of atheism is often the only one that makes sense, and hence the only
choice that person can honestly make.

"But don't atheists want to believe in God?"

Atheists live their lives as though there is nobody watching over them.  Many
of them have no desire to be watched over, no matter how good-natured the
"Big Brother" figure might be.

Some atheists would like to be able to believe in God -- but so what? Should
one believe things merely because one wants them to be true?  The risks of
such an approach should be obvious.  Atheists often decide that wanting to
believe something is not enough; there must be evidence for the belief.

"But of course atheists see no evidence for the existence of God -- they are
 unwilling in their souls to see!"

Many, if not most atheists were previously religious.  As has been explained
above, the vast majority have seriously considered the possibility that God
exists.  Many atheists have spent time in prayer trying to reach God.

Of course, it is true that some atheists lack an open mind; but assuming that
all atheists are biased and insincere is offensive and closed-minded.
Comments such as "Of course God is there, you just aren't looking properly"
are likely to be viewed as patronizing.

Certainly, if you wish to engage in philosophical debate with atheists it is
vital that you give them the benefit of the doubt and assume that they are
being sincere if they say that they have searched for God.  If you are not
willing to believe that they are basically telling the truth, debate is
futile.

"Isn't the whole of life completely pointless to an atheist?"

Many atheists live a purposeful life.  They decide what they think gives
meaning to life, and they pursue those goals.  They try to make their lives
count, not by wishing for eternal life, but by having an influence on other
people who will live on.  For example, an atheist may dedicate his life to
political reform, in the hope of leaving his mark on history.

It is a natural human tendency to look for "meaning" or "purpose" in random
events.  However, it is by no means obvious that "life" is the sort of thing
that has a "meaning".

To put it another way, not everything which looks like a question is actually
a sensible thing to ask.  Some atheists believe that asking "What is the
meaning of life?" is as silly as asking "What is the meaning of a cup of
coffee?".  They believe that life has no purpose or meaning, it just is.

"So how do atheists find comfort in time of danger?"

There are many ways of obtaining comfort; from family, friends, or even pets.
Or on a less spiritual level, from food or drink or TV.

That may sound rather an empty and vulnerable way to face danger, but so
what?  Should individuals believe in things because they are comforting, or
should they face reality no matter how harsh it might be?

In the end, it's a decision for the individual concerned.  Most atheists are
unable to believe something they would not otherwise believe merely because
it makes them feel comfortable.  They put truth before comfort, and consider
that if searching for truth sometimes makes them feel unhappy, that's just
hard luck.

"Don't atheists worry that they might suddenly be shown to be wrong?"

The short answer is "No, do you?"

Many atheists have been atheists for years.  They have encountered many
arguments and much supposed evidence for the existence of God, but they have
found all of it to be invalid or inconclusive.

Thousands of years of religious belief haven't resulted in any good proof of
the existence of God.  Atheists therefore tend to feel that they are unlikely
to be proved wrong in the immediate future, and they stop worrying about it.

"So why should theists question their beliefs? Don't the same arguments
 apply?"

No, because the beliefs being questioned are not similar.  Weak atheism is
the sceptical "default position" to take; it asserts nothing.  Strong atheism
is a negative belief.  Theism is a very strong positive belief.

Atheists sometimes also argue that theists should question their beliefs
because of the very real harm they can cause -- not just to the believers,
but to everyone else.

"What sort of harm?"

Religion represents a huge financial and work burden on mankind.  It's not
just a matter of religious believers wasting their money on church buildings;
think of all the time and effort spent building churches, praying, and so on.
Imagine how that effort could be better spent.

Many theists believe in miracle healing.  There have been plenty of instances
of ill people being "healed" by a priest, ceasing to take the medicines
prescribed to them by doctors, and dying as a result.  Some theists have died
because they have refused blood transfusions on religious grounds.

It is arguable that the Catholic Church's opposition to birth control -- and
condoms in particular -- is increasing the problem of overpopulation in many
third-world countries and contributing to the spread of AIDS world-wide.

Religious believers have been known to murder their children rather than
allow their children to become atheists or marry someone of a different
religion.

"Those weren't REAL believers.  They just claimed to be believers as some
 sort of excuse."

What makes a real believer?  There are so many One True Religions it's hard
to tell.  Look at Christianity: there are many competing groups, all
convinced that they are the only true Christians.  Sometimes they even fight
and kill each other.  How is an atheist supposed to decide who's a REAL
Christian and who isn't, when even the major Christian churches like the
Catholic Church and the Church of England can't decide amongst themselves?

In the end, most atheists take a pragmatic view, and decide that anyone who
calls himself a Christian, and uses Christian belief or dogma to justify his
actions, should be considered a Christian.  Maybe some of those Christians
are just perverting Christian teaching for their own ends -- but surely if
the Bible can be so readily used to support un-Christian acts it can't be
much of a moral code? If the Bible is the word of God, why couldn't he have
made it less easy to misinterpret? And how do you know that your beliefs
aren't a perversion of what your God intended?

If there is no single unambiguous interpretation of the Bible, then why
should an atheist take one interpretation over another just on your say-so?
Sorry, but if someone claims that he believes in Jesus and that he murdered
others because Jesus and the Bible told him to do so, we must call him a
Christian.

"Obviously those extreme sorts of beliefs should be questioned.  But since
 nobody has ever proved that God does not exist, it must be very unlikely
 that more basic religious beliefs, shared by all faiths, are nonsense."

That does not hold, because as was pointed out at the start of this dialogue,
positive assertions concerning the existence of entities are inherently much
harder to disprove than negative ones.  Nobody has ever proved that unicorns
don't exist, but that doesn't make it unlikely that they are myths.

It is therefore much more valid to hold a negative assertion by default than
it is to hold a positive assertion by default.  Of course, "weak" atheists
would argue that asserting nothing is better still.

"Well, if atheism's so great, why are there so many theists?"

Unfortunately, the popularity of a belief has little to do with how "correct"
it is, or whether it "works"; consider how many people believe in astrology,
graphology, and other pseudo-sciences.

Many atheists feel that it is simply a human weakness to want to believe in
gods.  Certainly in many primitive human societies, religion allows the
people to deal with phenomena that they do not adequately understand.

Of course, there's more to religion than that.  In the industrialized world,
we find people believing in religious explanations of phenomena even when
there are perfectly adequate natural explanations.  Religion may have started
as a means of attempting to explain the world, but nowadays it serves other
purposes as well.

"But so many cultures have developed religions.  Surely that must say
 something?"

Not really.  Most religions are only superficially similar; for example, it's
worth remembering that religions such as Buddhism and Taoism lack any sort of
concept of God in the Christian sense.

Of course, most religions are quick to denounce competing religions, so it's
rather odd to use one religion to try and justify another.

"What about all the famous scientists and philosophers who have concluded
 that God exists?"

For every scientist or philosopher who believes in a god, there is one who
does not.  Besides, as has already been pointed out, the truth of a belief is
not determined by how many people believe it.  Also, it is important to
realize that atheists do not view famous scientists or philosophers in the
same way that theists view their religious leaders.

A famous scientist is only human; she may be an expert in some fields, but
when she talks about other matters her words carry no special weight.  Many
respected scientists have made themselves look foolish by speaking on
subjects which lie outside their fields of expertise.

"So are you really saying that widespread belief in religion indicates
 nothing?"

Not entirely.  It certainly indicates that the religion in question has
properties which have helped it so spread so far.

The theory of memetics talks of "memes" -- sets of ideas which can propagate
themselves between human minds, by analogy with genes.  Some atheists view
religions as sets of particularly successful parasitic memes, which spread by
encouraging their hosts to convert others.  Some memes avoid destruction by
discouraging believers from questioning doctrine, or by using peer pressure
to keep one-time believers from admitting that they were mistaken.  Some
religious memes even encourage their hosts to destroy hosts controlled by
other memes.

Of course, in the memetic view there is no particular virtue associated with
successful propagation of a meme.  Religion is not a good thing because of
the number of people who believe it, any more than a disease is a good thing
because of the number of people who have caught it.

"Even if religion is not entirely true, at least it puts across important
 messages.  What are the fundamental messages of atheism?"

There are many important ideas atheists promote.  The following are just a
few of them; don't be surprised to see ideas which are also present in some
religions.

   There is more to moral behaviour than mindlessly following rules.

   Be especially sceptical of positive claims.

   If you want your life to have some sort of meaning, it's up to you to
   find it.

   Search for what is true, even if it makes you uncomfortable.

   Make the most of your life, as it's probably the only one you'll have.

   It's no good relying on some external power to change you; you must change
   yourself.

   Just because something's popular doesn't mean it's good.

   If you must assume something, assume something it's easy to test.

   Don't believe things just because you want them to be true.

and finally (and most importantly):

   All beliefs should be open to question.

Thanks for taking the time to read this article.


mathew

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: 2.2

iQCVAgUBK8AjRXzXN+VrOblFAQFSbwP+MHePY4g7ge8Mo5wpsivX+kHYYxMErFAO
7ltVtMVTu66Nz6sBbPw9QkbjArbY/S2sZ9NF5htdii0R6SsEyPl0R6/9bV9okE/q
nihqnzXE8pGvLt7tlez4EoeHZjXLEFrdEyPVayT54yQqGb4HARbOEHDcrTe2atmP
q0Z4hSSPpAU=
=q2V5
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----

For information about PGP 2.2, send mail to pgpinfo@mantis.co.uk.
�

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51119
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

In article <65974@mimsy.umd.edu>
mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
 
>>Well, John has a quite different, not necessarily more elaborated theology.
>>There is some evidence that he must have known Luke, and that the content
>>of Q was known to him, but not in a 'canonized' form.
>
>This is a new argument to me.  Could you elaborate a little?
>
 
The argument goes as follows: Q-oid quotes appear in John, but not in
the almost codified way they were in Matthew or Luke. However, they are
considered to be similar enough to point to knowledge of Q as such, and
not an entirely different source.
 
 
>>Assuming that he knew Luke would obviously put him after Luke, and would
>>give evidence for the latter assumption.
>
>I don't think this follows.  If you take the most traditional attributions,
>then Luke might have known John, but John is an elder figure in either case.
>We're talking spans of time here which are well within the range of
>lifetimes.
 
We are talking date of texts here, not the age of the authors. The usual
explanation for the time order of Mark, Matthew and Luke does not consider
their respective ages. It says Matthew has read the text of Mark, and Luke
that of Matthew (and probably that of Mark).
 
As it is assumed that John knew the content of Luke's text. The evidence
for that is not overwhelming, admittedly.
 
 
>>>(1)  Earlier manuscripts of John have been discovered.
>
>>Interesting, where and which? How are they dated? How old are they?
>
>Unfortunately, I haven't got the info at hand.  It was (I think) in the late
>'70s or early '80s, and it was possibly as old as CE 200.
>
 
When they are from about 200, why do they shed doubt on the order on
putting John after the rest of the three?
 
 
>>I don't see your point, it is exactly what James Felder said.  They had no
>>first hand knowledge of the events, and it obvious that at least two of them
>>used older texts as the base of their account.  And even the association of
>>Luke to Paul or Mark to Peter are not generally accepted.
>
>Well, a genuine letter of Peter would be close enough, wouldn't it?
>
 
Sure, an original together with Id card of sender and receiver would be
fine. So what's that supposed to say? Am I missing something?
 
 
>And I don't think a "one step removed" source is that bad.  If Luke and Mark
>and Matthew learned their stories directly from diciples, then I really
>cannot believe in the sort of "big transformation from Jesus to gospel" that
>some people posit.  In news reports, one generally gets no better
>information than this.
>
>And if John IS a diciple, then there's nothing more to be said.
>
 
That John was a disciple is not generally accepted. The style and language
together with the theology are usually used as counterargument.
 
The argument that John was a disciple relies on the claim in the gospel
of John itself. Is there any other evidence for it?
 
One step and one generation removed is bad even in our times. Compare that
to reports of similar events in our century in almost illiterate societies.
Not even to speak off that believers are not necessarily the best sources.
 
 
>>It is also obvious that Mark has been edited. How old are the oldest
>>manuscripts? To my knowledge (which can be antiquated) the oldest is
>>quite after any of these estimates, and it is not even complete.
>
>The only clear "editing" is problem of the ending, and it's basically a
>hopeless mess.  The oldest versions give a strong sense of incompleteness,
>to the point where the shortest versions seem to break off in midsentence.
>The most obvious solution is that at some point part of the text was lost.
>The material from verse 9 on is pretty clearly later and seems to represent
>a synopsys of the end of Luke.
>
In other words, one does not know what the original of Mark did look like
and arguments based on Mark are pretty weak.
 
But how is that connected to a redating of John?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51120
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: university violating separation of church/state?

dmn@kepler.unh.edu (...until kings become philosophers or philosophers become kings) writes:
>      Recently, RAs have been ordered (and none have resisted or cared about
> it apparently) to post a religious flyer entitled _The Soul Scroll: Thoughts
> on religion, spirituality, and matters of the soul_ on the inside of bathroom
> stall doors. (at my school, the University of New Hampshire) It is some sort
> of newsletter assembled by a Hall Director somewhere on campus. It poses a
> question about 'spirituality' each issue, and solicits responses to be 
> included in the next 'issue.' It's all pretty vague. I assume it's put out
> by a Christian, but they're very careful not to mention Jesus or the bible.
> I've heard someone defend it, saying "Well it doesn't support any one religion.
> " So what??? This is a STATE university, and as a strong supporter of the
> separation of church and state, I was enraged.
> 
>      What can I do about this?

It sounds to me like it's just SCREAMING OUT for parody.  Give a copy to your
friendly neighbourhood SubGenius preacher; with luck, he'll run it through the
mental mincer and hand you back an outrageously offensive and gut-bustingly
funny parody you can paste over the originals.

I can see it now:

                               The Stool Scroll
         Thoughts on Religion, Spirituality, and Matters of the Colon

                       (You can use this text to wipe)


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51121
From: strom@Watson.Ibm.Com (Rob Strom)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <N4HY.93Apr5120934@harder.ccr-p.ida.org>, n4hy@harder.ccr-p.ida.org (Bob McGwier) writes:

|> [1] HOWEVER, I hate economic terrorism and political correctness
|> worse than I hate this policy.  


|> [2] A more effective approach is to stop donating
|> to ANY organizating that directly or indirectly supports gay rights issues
|> until they end the boycott on funding of scouts.  

Can somebody reconcile the apparent contradiction between [1] and [2]?

-- 
Rob Strom, strom@watson.ibm.com, (914) 784-7641
IBM Research, 30 Saw Mill River Road, P.O. Box 704, Yorktown Heights, NY  10598

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51122
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

In article <1993Apr5.091139.823@batman.bmd.trw.com>
jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
 
>> Didn't you say Lucifer was created with a perfect nature?
>
>Yes.
>
 
Define perfect then.
 
 
>> I think you
>> are playing the usual game here, make sweeping statements like omni-,
>> holy, or perfect, and don't note that they mean exactly what they say.
>> And that says that you must not use this terms when it leads to
>> contradictions.
>
>I'm not trying to play games here.  But I understand how it might seem
>that way especially when one is coming from a completely different point
>of view such as atheism.
>
 
Take your foot out of your mouth, I wondered about that already when I
was a Catholic Christian. The fact that the contradiction is unresolvable
is one of the reasons why I am an atheist.
 
Believe me, I believed similar sentences for a long time. But that shows
the power of religion and not anything about its claims.
 
 
>>>Now God could have prevented Lucifer's fall by taking away his ability
>>>to choose between moral alternatives (worship God or worship himself),
>>>but that would mean that God was in error to have make Lucifer or any
>>>being with free will in the first place.
>>
>> Exactly. God allows evil, an evil if there ever was one.
>>
>
>Now that's an opinion, or at best a premise.  But from my point of view,
>it is not a premise which is necessary true, specifically, that it is
>an evil to allow evil to occur.
>
 
It follows from a definition of evil as ordinarily used. Letting evil
happen or allowing evil to take place, in this place even causing evil,
is another evil.
 
 
>> But could you give a definition of free will? Especially in the
>> presence of an omniscient being?
>>
>"Will" is "self-determination".  In other words, God created conscious
>beings who have the ability to choose between moral choices independently
>of God.  All "will", therefore, is "free will".
>
 
The omniscient attribute of god will know what the creatures will do even
before the omnipotent has created them. There is no choice left. All is known,
the course of events is fixed.
 
Not even for the omniscient itself, to extend an argument by James Tims.
 
 
>>>If God is omniscient, then
>>>clearly, creating beings with free moral choice is a greater good than
>>>the emergence of ungodliness (evil/sin) since He created them knowing
>>>the outcome in advance.
>>
>> Why is it the greater good to allow evil with the knowledge that it
>> will happen? Why not make a unipolar system with the possibility of
>> doing good or not doing good, but that does not necessarily imply
>> doing evil. It is logically possible, but your god has not done it.
>
>I do not know that such is logically possible.  If God restrains a
>free being's choice to choose to do evil and simply do "not good",
>then can it be said that the being truly has a free moral choice?
>And if "good" is defined as loving and obeying God, and avoiding
>those behaviors which God prohibits, then how can you say that one
>who is "not good" is not evil as well?  Like I said, I am not sure
>that doing "not good" without doing evil is logically possible.
 
And when I am not omnipotent, how can I have free will? You have said
something about choices and the scenario gives them. Therefore we have
what you define as free will.
 
Imagine the following. I can do good to other beings, but I cannot harm them.
Easily implemented by making everyone appreciate being the object of good
deeds, but don't make them long for them, so they can not feel the absence
of good as evil.
 
But whose case am I arguing? It is conceivable, so the omnipotent can do it.
Or it would not be omnipotent. If you want logically consistent as well, you
have to give up the pet idea of an omnipotent first.
 
(Deletion)
>
>Perhaps it is weak, in a way.  If I were just speculating about the
>ubiquitous pink unicorns, then there would be no basis for such
>speculation.  But this idea of God didn't just fall on me out of the
>blue :), or while reading science fiction or fantasy.  (I know that
>some will disagree)  :)  The Bible describes a God who is omniscient,
>and nevertheless created beings with free moral choice, from which
>the definitional logic follows.  But that's not all there is to it.
>There seems to be (at least in my mind) a certain amount of evidence
>which indicates that God exists and that the Biblical description
>of Him may be a fair one.  It is that evidence which bolsters the
>argument in my view.
 
That the bible describes an omniscient and omnipotent god destroys
the credibility of the bible, nothing less.
 
And a lot of people would be interested in evidence for a god,
unfortunately, there can't be any with these definitions.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51123
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Political Atheists?

arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:

>>The motto originated in the Star-Spangled Banner.  Tell me that this has
>>something to do with atheists.
>The motto _on_coins_ originated as a McCarthyite smear which equated atheism
>with Communism and called both unamerican.

No it didn't.  The motto has been on various coins since the Civil War.
It was just required to be on *all* currency in the 50's.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51124
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <114127@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
>>When they are victimized they are Muslims. When they victimize others
>>they are not True Muslims (tm) or no Muslims at all.
>
>>Quite annoying.
>
>I don't understand the point of this petty sarcasm. It is a basic
>principle of Islam that if one is born muslim or one says "I testify
>that there is no god but God and Mohammad is a prophet of God" that,
>so long as one does not explicitly reject Islam by word then one _must_
>be considered muslim by all muslims. So the phenomenon you're attempting
>to make into a general rule or psychology is a direct odds with basic
>Islamic principles. If you want to attack Islam you could do better than
>than to argue against something that Islam explicitly contradicts.
>
 
It was no criticism of Islam for a change, it was a criticism of the
arguments used. Namely, whenever people you identify as Muslims are
the victims of the attacks of others, they are used an argument for
the bad situation of Muslims. But whenever deeds by Muslim that victimize
others are named, they do not count as an argument because what these
people did was not done as a true Muslims. No mention is made how Muslims
are the cause of a bad situation of another party.
 
Double standards.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51125
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

(reference line trimmed)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

[...]

>There is a good deal more confusion here.   You started off with the 
>assertion that there was some "objective" morality, and as you admit
>here, you finished up with a recursive definition.   Murder is 
>"objectively" immoral, but eactly what is murder and what is not itself
>requires an appeal to morality.

Yes.

>Now you have switch targets a little, but only a little.   Now you are
>asking what is the "goal"?   What do you mean by "goal?".   Are you
>suggesting that there is some "objective" "goal" out there somewhere,
>and we form our morals to achieve it?

Well, for example, the goal of "natural" morality is the survival and
propogation of the species.  Another example of a moral system is
presented within the Declaration of Independence, which states that we
should be guaranteed life liberty and the pursuit of happiness.  You see,
to have a moral system, we must define the purpose of the system.  That is,
we shall be moral unto what end?

>>Murder is certainly a violation of the golden rule.  And, I thought I had
>>defined murder as an intentional killing of a non-murderer, against his will.
>>And you responded to this by asking whether or not the execution of an
>>innocent person under our system of capital punishment was a murder or not.
>>I fail to see what this has to do with anything.  I never claimed that our
>>system of morality was an objective one.
>I thought that was your very first claim.   That there was
>some kind of "objective" morality, and that an example of that was
>that murder is wrong.   If you don't want to claim that any more,
>that's fine.

Well, murder violates the golen rule, which is certainly a pillar of most
every moral system.  However, I am not assuming that our current system
and the manner of its implementation are objectively moral.  I think that
it is a very good approximation, but we can't be perfect.

>And by the way, you don't seem to understand the difference between
>"arbitrary" and "objective".   If Keith Schneider "defines" murder
>to be this that and the other, that's arbitrary.   Jon Livesey may
>still say "Well, according to my personal system of morality, all
>killing of humans against their will is murder, and wrong, and what
>the legal definition of murder may be in the USA, Kuweit, Saudi
>Arabia, or the PRC may be matters not a whit to me".

Well, "objective" would assume a system based on clear and fundamental
concepts, while "arbitary" implies no clear line of reasoning.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51126
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: >>>>>>Pompous ass

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:

>>Then why do people keep asking the same questions over and over?
>Because you rarely ever answer them.

Nope, I've answered each question posed, and most were answered multiple
times.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51127
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: >>>>>>Pompous ass

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>>How long does it [the motto] have to stay around before it becomes the
>>>default?  ...  Where's the cutoff point? 
>>I don't know where the exact cutoff is, but it is at least after a few
>>years, and surely after 40 years.
>Why does the notion of default not take into account changes
>in population makeup?     

Specifically, which changes are you talking about?  Are you arguing
that the motto is interpreted as offensive by a larger portion of the
population now than 40 years ago?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51128
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Keith Schneider - Stealth Poster?

sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:

>>To borrow from philosophy, you don't truly understand the color red
>>until you have seen it.
>Not true, even if you have experienced the color red you still might
>have a different interpretation of it.

But, you wouldn't know what red *was*, and you certainly couldn't judge
it subjectively.  And, objectivity is not applicable, since you are wanting
to discuss the merits of red.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51130
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Keith Schneider - Stealth Poster?

arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:

>>But, if you were to discuss the merits of racism, or its psycholgical
>>benefits, you would do well to have experienced it personally.
>When you speak of "experiencing religion" you mean someone should believe in
>a religion.

That's right, and this is pretty impossible, right?  It would be ideal if
we could believe for a while, just to try out religion, and only then
determine which course of thought suits us best.  But again, this is not
possible.  Not that religion warrants belief, but the belief carries with
it some psychological benefits.  There are also some psychological
burdens, too.

>When you speak of "experiencing racism", do you mean that someone should
>believe in racism, or that they should have racist things done to them?  For
>parallelism, the former must be what you meant, but it seems to be an odd
>usage of the phrase.

Well, if there were some psychological or other benefits gained from racism,
they could only be fully understood or judged by persons actually "believing"
in racism.  Of course, the parallel happens to be a poor one, but you
originated it.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51131
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>>But, you don't know that capital punishment is wrong, so it isn't the same
>>as shooting.  A better analogy would be that you continue to drive your car,
>>realizing that sooner or later, someone is going to be killed in an automobile
>>accident.  You *know* people get killed as a result of driving, yet you
>>continue to do it anyway.
>Uh uh.  You do not know that you will be the one to do the
>killing.  I'm not sure I'd drive a car if I had sufficient evidence to
>conclude that I would necessarily kill someone during my lifetime.

Yes, and everyone thinks as you do.  No one thinks that he is going to cause
or be involved in a fatal accident, but the likelihood is surprisingly high.
Just because you are the man on the firing squad whose gun is shooting
blanks does not mean that you are less guilty.

>I don't know about Jon, but I say *ALL* taking of human life is
>murder.  And I say murder is wrong in all but one situation:  when
>it is the only action that will prevent another murder, either of
>myself or another.

You mean that killing is wrong in all but one situtation?  And, you should
note that that situation will never occur.  There are always other options
thank killing.  Why don't you just say that all killing is wrong.  This
is basically what you are saying.

>I'm getting a bit tired of your probabilistic arguments.

Are you attempting to be condescending?

>That the system usually works pretty well is small consolation to
>the poor innocent bastard getting the lethal injection.  Is your
>personal value of human life based solely on a statistical approach?
>You sound like an unswerving adherent to the needs of the many
>outweighing the needs of the few, so fuck the few.

But, most people have found the risk to be acceptable.  You are probably
much more likely to die in a plane crash, or even using an electric
blender, than you are to be executed as an innocent.  I personally think
that the risk is acceptable, but in an ideal moral system, no such risk
is acceptable.  "Acceptable" is the fudge factor necessary in such an
approximation to the ideal.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51132
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>>I think that about 70% (or so) people approve of the
>>death penalty, even realizing all of its shortcomings.  Doesn't this make
>>it reasonable?  Or are *you* the sole judge of reasonability?
>Aside from revenge, what merits do you find in capital punishment?

Are we talking about me, or the majority of the people that support it?
Anyway, I think that "revenge" or "fairness" is why most people are in
favor of the punishment.  If a murderer is going to be punished, people
that think that he should "get what he deserves."  Most people wouldn't
think it would be fair for the murderer to live, while his victim died.

>Revenge?  Petty and pathetic.

Perhaps you think that it is petty and pathetic, but your views are in the
minority.

>We have a local televised hot topic talk show that very recently
>did a segment on capital punishment.  Each and every advocate of
>the use of this portion of our system of "jurisprudence" cited the
>main reason for supporting it:  "That bastard deserved it".  True
>human compassion, forgiveness, and sympathy.

Where are we required to have compassion, forgiveness, and sympathy?  If
someone wrongs me, I will take great lengths to make sure that his advantage
is removed, or a similar situation is forced upon him.  If someone kills
another, then we can apply the golden rule and kill this person in turn.
Is not our entire moral system based on such a concept?

Or, are you stating that human life is sacred, somehow, and that it should
never be violated?  This would sound like some sort of religious view.
 
>>I mean, how reasonable is imprisonment, really, when you think about it?
>>Sure, the person could be released if found innocent, but you still
>>can't undo the imiprisonment that was served.  Perhaps we shouldn't
>>imprision people if we could watch them closely instead.  The cost would
>>probably be similar, especially if we just implanted some sort of
>>electronic device.
>Would you rather be alive in prison or dead in the chair?  

Once a criminal has committed a murder, his desires are irrelevant.

And, you still have not answered my question.  If you are concerned about
the death penalty due to the possibility of the execution of an innocent,
then why isn't this same concern shared with imprisonment.  Shouldn't we,
by your logic, administer as minimum as punishment as possible, to avoid
violating the liberty or happiness of an innocent person?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51133
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Political Atheists?

bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>>If I kill this person [an innocent person convicted of murder],
>>then a murder would be committed, but I would not be the murderer.  At least,
>>I wouldn't "reasonably" be considered a murderer, with "reasonable" being
>>introduced as a fudge factor necessary to account for the inability to be
>>totally objective due to a lack of absolutely true information.
>If society collective decides to carry the burden of executing
>it's citizens, then it also carries the blame for their innocent
>blood.  Each and every voter who casts a ballot in favor of
>capital punishment is in part guilty of the murder of each and
>every innocent victim of the system.

Why are only those people in favor of the system to blame.  If society
accepts such a system, then each member of society is to blame when
an innocent person gets executed.  Those that are not in favor should
work to convince others.

And, most members of our society have accepted the blame--they've considered
the risk to be acceptable.  Similarly, every person who drives must accept
the blame for fatal traffic accidents.  This is something that is surely
going to happen when so many people are driving.  It is all a question of
what risk is acceptable.  It is much more likely that an innocent person
will be killed driving than it is that one will be executed.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51134
Subject: Re: Don't more innocents die without the death penalty?
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)

In article <2942881697.0.p00168@psilink.com> p00168@psilink.com (James F. Tims) writes:
>
>By maintaining classes D and E, even in prison, it seems as if we 
>place more innocent people at a higher risk of an unjust death than 
>we would if the state executed classes D and E with an occasional error.
>

  I answer from the position that we would indeed place these people
  in prison for life.

  That depends not only on their predisposition towards murder, but
  also in their success rate at escape and therefore their ability
  to commit the same crimes again.

  In other words, if lifetime imprisonment doesn't work, perhaps
  it's not because we're not executing these people, but because
  we're not being careful enough about how we lock them up.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51135
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)

In article <1993Apr3.081052.11292@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>I propose
>that these two trends -- greater level of general depression in society
>(and other psychological problems) and greater sexual promiscuity -- are
>linked, with the latter being a prime cause of the former.  I cannot
>provide any evidence beyond this at this stage, but the whole thesis
>seems very reasonable to me and I request that people ponder upon it.
>

  Damn right you can't provide any evidence for it.  

  Rarely are any widespread social phenomenon reducible to such a
  simple premise.  If they were, psychology would be a hard science
  with roughly the same mathematical soundness as physics.  

  Your premise may well be right.  It is much more likely, however,
  that it reflects your socialization and religious background, as
  well as your need to validate your religious beliefs.  Were I to
  pretend to have all the answers (and I don't), I would say that the
  xenophobia, guilt, and intolerance brought about by adherence to 
  fundamentalist religions play just as large a role in depressing
  the members of our society.

  Your mileage obviously varies.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51136
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)

In article <1993Apr3.212139.14076@blaze.cs.jhu.edu> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
>In article <1pj9bs$d4j@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>>I would say that one innocent person killed is in some sense
>>as bad as many.   We certainly feel that way when we punish
>>someone for a single murder.
>>Now if we reform system X, by reducing the number of deaths
>>by one, we produce system XX.    I'd say we should not go back
>>to system X, even though by doing so we would re-introduce only 
>>a single extra death.
>
>Bob seems to think that one is as bad as many in a sense somewhat stronger than
>the one you indicate.
>--

  Yes, I do.  

  My argument is that the sole purpose of the death penalty is to
  kill people.  That is it's primary (and I would argue only)
  purpose.  To continue to kill people by a practice that has
  almost no utility, especially when you know you will be killing
  innocents, is unconscionable.

  At the very least, the existence of the prison system and our
  transportation system are based on their merits to society, not
  their detriments.  We are willing to accept a few lost innocent
  lives because there is an overwhelming benefit to the continued
  existence of these systems.  One has to stretch the evidence and
  the arguments to make the same claim for capital punishment.

  Just in case I wasn't clear again:  We maintain a capital
  punsihment system that kills innocent people and provides us with
  no net positive gain.  Why?

  Were you to pin me in a corner and ask, I would have to respond
  that I don't belief the state should have the right to take life
  at all.  But I won't open that debate, as it seems others are
  tiring of this thread on a.a anyway.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51139
Subject: Re: There must be a creator! (Maybe)
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)

In article <16BA1E927.DRPORTER@SUVM.SYR.EDU>, DRPORTER@SUVM.SYR.EDU (Brad Porter) writes:
>
>   Science is wonderful at answering most of our questions.  I'm not the type
>to question scientific findings very often, but...  Personally, I find the
>theory of evolution to be unfathomable.  Could humans, a highly evolved,
>complex organism that thinks, learns, and develops truly be an organism
>that resulted from random genetic mutations and natural selection?

[...stuff deleted...]

Computers are an excellent example...of evolution without "a" creator.
We did not "create" computers.  We did not create the sand that goes
into the silicon that goes into the integrated circuits that go into
processor board.  We took these things and put them together in an
interesting way. Just like plants "create" oxygen using light through 
photosynthesis.  It's a much bigger leap to talk about something that
created "everything" from nothing.  I find it unfathomable to resort
to believing in a creator when a much simpler alternative exists: we
simply are incapable of understanding our beginnings -- if there even
were beginnings at all.  And that's ok with me.  The present keeps me
perfectly busy.

-jim halat


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51140
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)

In article <j0=5l3=@rpi.edu>, johnsd2@jec322.its.rpi.edu (Dan Johnson) writes:
>In article 143048IO30436@MAINE.MAINE.EDU, <IO30436@MAINE.MAINE.EDU> () writes:

Dan Johnson-

You don't know me, but take this hand anyway.  Bravo for GO(DS) = 0. 
Beautiful!  Simply beautiful!

-jim halat


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51141
Subject: Re: Speculations
From: dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham)

In article <930405.172903.4w6.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu> writes:
>> If this god is truly omnipotent as you folks like to claim, then why can't
>> he terminate eternity?
>
>For the same reason he can't flibble glop ork groink.
>
>The thing you are demanding that he must be able to do, has no meaning in its
>own terms.

This is a classic example of excessive faith in reason.  The fact that we
have trouble talking about something doesn't imply that it is impossible; it
simply implies that it is hard to talk about.  There is a very good chance
that God *can* flibble glop ork groink.  Charlie Wingate can flibble glop
ork groink, and he isn't even God.
--
Doug Graham         dgraham@bnr.ca         My opinions are my own.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51142
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>Much though it might be fun to debate capital punishment itself,
>this is probably the wrong group for it.  The only relevance here
>is that you don't seem to be able to tell us what capital punishment
>actually is, and when it is murder.  That is, when you tell us murder
>is wrong, you are using a term you have not yet defined.

Well, I've said that when an innocent person has been executed, this is
objectively a murder.  However, who is at blame is another question.
It seems that the entire society that sanctions any sorts of executions--
realizing the risks--is to blame.

>There is a *probability* of 
>killing an innocent person by shooting at random into the air, and 
>there is a *probability* of killing an innocent person when the
>state administers a system of capital punishment.  So when you do
>either, you know that they actions you are taking will sooner or 
>later result in the killing of an innocent person.

Yes, but there is also a probablity that you will kill someone doing
any raondom activity.  Presumably, you had not isolated yourself totally
from the rest of society because of this.

>>And, driving will kill people, as will airlines, but people continue to do
>>both.
>Driving and flying are not punishments inflicted on unwilling
>prisoners by Courts.  They are risks that we take upon ourselves
>willingly.

And I argue that our law system is a similar risk.  Perhaps an innocent
person will be punished someday, but we work to prevent this.  In fact,
many criminals go free as a result of our trying to prevent punishment
of innocents.

>If our own driving kills someone else, then sure, there is a moral
>issue.  I know at least one person who was involved in a fatal
>accident, and they felt vey guilty afterwards.

But, such accidents are to be totally expected, given the numner of vehicals
on the road.  Again, the blame is on society.

>>No I'm not.  This is what you said.  You were saying that if there were such
>>a false witness that resulted in an innocent person being convicted and killed
>>, it would still be the fault of the state, since it did the actual killing.
>No, I just commented that the state does the killing.  It does not
>depend on there being false witnesses.  How could it?  The state
>does the killing even in the case of sincere mistakes

Yes, but the state is not at fault in such a case.  The state can only do
so much to prevent false witnesses.

>>It is possible.  So, what are you trying to say, that capital punishment
>>is always murder because of the possibilty of human error invalidating
>>the system?
>I'm saying capital punishment is murder, period.  Not because of
>this that and the other, but because it involves taking human life.
>That's *my* definition of murder.  I make no appeals to dictionaries
>or to "objective" morals.

Okay, so this is what you call murder.  But, the question is whether or not
all such "murders" are wrong.  Are you saying that all taking of human life
is wrong, no matter what the circumstances?

>If we, as a society, decide to murder someone, then we should say
>that, and lists our reasons for doing so, and live with the moral
>consequences.  We should not play word games and pretend that
>murder isn't murder.  And that's *my* opinion about how society
>ought to be run.

But, this is basically how it works.  Society accepts the risk that an
innocent person will be murdered by execution.  And, every member of
society shares this blame.  And, most people's definitions of murder
include some sort of malicious intent, which is not involved in an
execution, is it?

>>But, we were trying to discuss an objective moral system, or at least its
>>possibilty.  What ramifications does your personal system have on an
>>objective one?
>No, we were not discussing an objective moral system.  I was showing
>you that you didn't have one, because, for one thing, you were incapable
>of defining the terms in it, for example, "murder".

Murder violates the golden rule.  Executions do not, because by allowing
it at all, society implicitly accepts the consequences no matter who the
innocent victim is.

>>We're not talking about reading minds, we are just talking about knowing the
>>truth.  Yes, we can never be absolutely certain that we have the truth, but
>>the court systems work on a principle of knowing the "truth" "beyond a
>>reasonable doubt."  
>Sorry, but you simply are not quoting yourself accurately.  Here
>is what you said:
>	"And, since we are looking totally objectively at this case,
>	then we know what people are thinking when they are voting to
>	execute the person or not.  If the intent is malicious and 
>	unfair, then the execution would be murder."
>What you are doing now is to slide into another claim, which is
>quite different.  The jury being *persuaded* beyond a serious
>doubt is not the same as us knowing what is in their minds beyond
>a serious doubt.

Reading the minds of the jury would certainly tell whether or not a conviction
was moral or not.  But, in an objective system, only the absolute truth
matters, and the jury system is one method to approximate such a truth.  That
is, twelve members must be convinced of a truth.

>Moreover, a jury which comes from a sufficiently prejudiced background
>may allow itself to be persuaded beyond a serious doubt on evidence
>that you and I would laugh at.

But then, if we read the minds of these people, we would know that the
conviction was unfair.

>>But, would it be perfectly fair if we could read minds?  If we assume that
>>it would be fair if we knew the absolute truth, why is it so much less
>>fair, in your opinion, if we only have a good approximation of the absolute
>>truth?
>It's not a question of fairness.  Your claim, which I have quoted
>above is a claim about whether we can *know* it was fair, so as to
>be able to distinguish capital punishnment from murder.

Yes, while we could objectively determine the difference (if we knew all
possible information), we can't always determine the difference in our
flawed system.  I think that our system is almost as good as possible,
but it still isn't objectively perfect.  You see, it doesn't matter if
we *know* it is fair or not.  Objectively, it is either fair or it is not.

>Now there's a huge difference.  If we can read minds, we can know,
>and if we cannot read minds, we can know nothing.  The difference
>is not in degree of fairness, but in what we can know.

But what we know has no effect on an objective system.

>>I think it is possible to produce a fairly objective system, if we are
>>clear on which goals it is supposed to promote.
>I'm not going to waste my time trying to devise a system that I am
>pretty sure does not exist.

Why are you so sure?

>I simply want people to confront reality.  *My* reality, remember.

Why is *your* reality important?

>In this case, the reality is that, "ideal theories' apart, we can
>never know, even after the fact, about the fairness of the justice
>system.  For every innocent person released from Death Row, there
>may have been a dozen innocent people executed, or a hundred, or
>none at all.  We simply don't know.

But, we can assume that the system is fairly decent, at least most likely.
And, you realize that the correctness of our system says nothing about a
totally ideal and objective system.

>Now what are we going to do?  On the one hand, we can pretend
>that we have an 'ideal' theory, and that we can know things we can
>never know, and the Justie System is fair, and that we can wave a 
>magic wand and make certain types of killing not murder, and go 
>on our way.

Well, we can have an ideal system, but the working system can not be ideal.
We can only hope to create a system that is as close an approximation to
the ideal system as possible.

>On the other hand, we can recognize that all Justice has a small
>- we hope - probability of punishing the innocent, and that in the
>end we do bear moral responsibility even for the probabilistic
>consequences of the systems we set up, and then say, "Well, here
>we go, murdering again."  Maybe some of us will even say "Gee, I
>wonder if all this is strictly necessary?"

Yes, we all bear the responsibility.  Most people seem willing to do this.

>I think that the second is preferable in that if requires people
>to face the moral consequences of what we do as a society, instead
>of sheltering ourselves from them by magic ceremonies and word 
>games.

We must realize the consequences of all our actions.  Why do you keep
separating the justice system from the pack?

>And lest I forget, I also don't think we have an objective moral
>system, and I believe I only have to take that idea seriously
>when someone presents evidence of it.

I don't think our country has an objective system, but I think such an
objective system can exist, in theory.  Without omniscience, an objective
system is not possible in practice.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51143
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>Now along comes Mr Keith Schneider and says "Here is an "objective
>moral system".  And then I start to ask him about the definitions
>that this "objective" system depends on, and, predictably, the whole
>thing falls apart.

It only falls apart if you attempt to apply it.  This doesn't mean that
an objective system can't exist.  It just means that one cannot be
implemented.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51144
From: rm03@ic.ac.uk (Mr R. Mellish)
Subject: Re: university violating separation of church/state?

In article <199304041750.AA17104@kepler.unh.edu> dmn@kepler.unh.edu (...until kings become philosophers or philosophers become kings) writes:
>
>
>
>     Recently, RAs have been ordered (and none have resisted or cared about
>it apparently) to post a religious flyer entitled _The Soul Scroll: Thoughts
>on religion, spirituality, and matters of the soul_ on the inside of bathroom
>stall doors. (at my school, the University of New Hampshire) It is some sort
>of newsletter assembled by a Hall Director somewhere on campus.
[most of post deleted]
>
>  Please respond as soon as possible. I'd like these religious postings to
>stop, NOW! 
>
>  
>Thanks,
>
>  Dana
>
>       
>        
There is an easy way out....
Post the flyers on the stall doors, but add at the bottom, in nice large
capitals,

      EMERGENCY TOILET PAPER

:)

-- 
------              Robert Mellish, FOG, IC, UK                  ------
 Email: r.mellish@ic.ac.uk   Net: rm03@sg1.cc.ic.ac.uk    IRC:  HobNob
------     and also the mrs joyful prize for rafia work.         ------

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51145
From: kilman2y@fiu.edu (Yevgeny (Gene) Kilman)
Subject: Re: USAToday ad ("family values")

In article <C4rzz2.47J@unix.portal.com> danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock) writes:
>There was a funny ad in USAToday from "American Family Association".
>I'll post a few choice parts for your enjoyment (all emphases is in
>the ad; I'm not adding anything). All the typos are mine. :)

[Dan's article deleted]

I found the same add in our local Sunday newspaper.
The add was placed in the ..... cartoon section!
The perfect place for it ! :-)

Y.K.




Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51146
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1993Apr3.214741.14026@ultb.isc.rit.edu>, snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
>
> My claim is that a person that committs a crime doesn't believe in 
> God, for the moment that the crime is committed, at least, whether 
> they are originally believers or not.  To believe is to do good.  
> Your statistics indicate people that have declared atheism.

And doubtless, when an atheist does an act of charity
they temporarily become a Baptist.

jon. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51147
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1993Apr3.081052.11292@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>
>  I propose that these two trends -- greater level of general 
> depression in society (and other psychological problems) and 
> greater sexual promiscuity -- are linked, with the latter being 
> a prime cause of the former.  I cannot provide any evidence beyond 
> this at this stage, but the whole thesis seems very reasonable to 
> me and I request that people ponder upon it.

I pondered it for all of ten seconds when I realised that since
we don't have any reliable statistics for sexual promiscuity,
and since the whole issue of "depression" isn't at all well 
defined for earlier centuries, you are probably talking crap.

Of course, you could pull a Mozumder on us, and say that people
who are having sex outside marriage are *defined* to be depressed.

I can't say I'd ever noticed, myself.

jon. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51148
From: anthropo@carina.unm.edu (Dominick V. Zurlo)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <1993Apr5.011255.7295@cbnewsl.cb.att.com> stank@cbnewsl.cb.att.com (Stan Krieger) writes:
>Now can we please use rec.scouting for the purpose for which it was
>established?  Clearly we netnews voters decided that we did not want to
>provide a scouting newsgroup to give fringe groups a forum for their
>anti-societal political views.

Ok, this is the only thing I will comment on from Stan at this time...
part of this forum we call rec.scouting is for policy discussions and
related topics.  This is a policy discussion, and involves related 
topics.  this is not a "fringe" group discussion.  obviously, it 
engenders strong feelings from all sides of the issues at hand. 
Wether a particular view is anti-societal or not is your opinion, 
and yours alone, don't try to make it seem otherwise. 
If you do not wish to engage in this discussion, use a kill file. 
If you wish to continue in this discussion, please do so, knowing 
full well the implications that apply.
I know for myself that I plan on continuing with the discussion when 
i have the wish to have input.  I for one am tired of people trying to 
say that this is not a matter significant for this group!  It is, and 
quite so. Especially for those of us who feel the impact more closely.


****************************************************************
*  Dominick V. Zurlo              *    "If the world's an      *
*  WWW                            *    oyster, why am I        *
*  Eagle Scout '87                *    allergic to Mollusks?"  *
*  blacklisted '88                *                            *
****************************************************************



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51149
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:

>As for rape, surely there the burden of guilt is solely on the rapist?

Not so.  If you are thrown into a cage with a tiger and get mauled, do you
blame the tiger?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51150
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:

>>Perhaps we shouldn't imprision people if we could watch them closely
>>instead.  The cost would probably be similar, especially if we just
>>implanted some sort of electronic device.
>Why wait until they commit the crime?  Why not implant such devices in
>potential criminals like Communists and atheists?

Sorry, I don't follow your reasoning.  You are proposing to punish people
*before* they commit a crime?  What justification do you have for this?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51151
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: EnviroLeague


A new alternative to Scouting for those "unacceptable to BSA" for reasons
of religious or sexual preference:


From: "BOYD R. CRITZ, III" <71611.365@CompuServe.COM>
Subject: EnviroLeague

"Birth Announcement" on March 7, 1993, from EARTH Forum, CompuServe
                       Information Service
===================================================================
 
                     FORMAL ANNOUNCEMENT
                     -------------------
 
                                     (SM)
                        EnviroLeague
 
A new youth movement,"EnviroLeague," was recently born, according to its
founder, Boyd R. Critz, III (CIS ID# 71611,365), of Peoria, Illinois.
EnviroLeague exists for the education of youth, both male and female, in
matters concerning their values related to and responsibility for our
environment.
 
Incorporated as an Illinois not-for-profit corporation, its Articles and
initial applications for a service mark have now been filed.  According to
Critz, its draft Bylaws contain the following statement of Mission and
Objectives:
 
                           MISSION
 
   It is the Mission of EnviroLeague and its adult members
   to foster and implement the improved education of young
   people in the need to conduct their lives as Stewards
   of The Earth, to leave The Earth in a better condition
   than they found it, and to otherwise act as responsible,
   moral and ethical users of their environment.  To pursue
   the accomplishment of this Mission, EnviroLeague shall
   seek to serve as a catalyst, focusing in common cause the
   separate efforts of all groups desiring the preservation,
   improvement, and responsible use of the environment in
   which we must all live.
 
                         OBJECTIVES
 
   In pursuit of the Mission of EnviroLeague, its primary
   objectives shall be:
       (1)  To establish a Movement involving as many
            environmentally concerned organizations as
            possible, said Movement having as its primary
            focus the education and participatory
            involvement of young people in appropriate areas
            of environmental concern;
       (2)  To develop and provide to such organizations and
            their branches a full complement of program
            materials for their use, including suitable
            uniforms, insignia and other badges, written
            ideas, syllabi and information, literature and
            other items as shall seem appropriate and
            desirable;
       (3)  To serve as a "clearing house" for the exchange
            of program ideas, materials and information
            among said organizations;  and
       (4)  To assist environmentally concerned
            organizations to recruit and train the necessary
            adult leadership for their youth programs.
 
EnviroLeague will operate through three "Program Divisions" serving youth in
the elementary, middle and high school grades, respectively.  Service shall be
through formation of "EnviroLeague Teams," either by EnviroLeague itself or by
environmentally conscious organizations (or their local branches) wishing a
charter to use programs developed by EnviroLeague.
 
EnviroLeague, as it develops, will be controlled by the actual adult leaders
of each local Team, and will have no nationally imposed obstacles to
membership or adult leadership status not based upon relevant improper
conduct. Organizations accepting a charter may, however, impose certain
additional standards for their own use of the program material.  Should such
organizations do so, EnviroLeague will commit itself to forming, as soon as
possible, new nearby Teams having no such restrictions, particularly as to
youth membership.
 
EnviroLeague will operate on the principle that youth will have much to
contribute to developing its programs.  Thus, the top youth leaders of its
Teams for middle and high school youth may become involved in governing any
local administrative groups, and those for its high school youth may be
involved in similar functions at the national level.
 
Program materials are in development at this time.  Copies of the "draft"
portions of the Mentor's Manual (manual for adult leadership) will be in the
EARTH Forum, Library 17. These files will be updated as development takes
place.
 
CompuServe is particularly proud that EnviroLeague's founder chose this
electronic medium to make the first public announcement of its formation.
This announcement is being made simultaneously in both the OUTDOOR and EARTH
Forums.
 
The electronic home of EnviroLeague is in CompuServe's Earth Forum - GO
EARTH - message and library areas 17, both named "EnviroLeague."
============================================================================
 
Subsequently, EnviroLeague's Initial Governance Council has held its first
meeting.  Boyd Critz was elected as the first EnviroLeague Chief Guardian
(equivalent to Chairman of the Board or CEO).  He can be reached at home
(309) 675-4483 in case of real need.  Also, mail can be addressed to:
       EnviroLeague
       P.O. Box 418
       Peoria, IL  61651-0418
 
Those interested in starting an EnviroLeague Team might just establish
contact, to receive a diskette (IBM DOS, ASCII) with initial information.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51152
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu
Subject: Idle questions for fellow atheists


I wonder how many atheists out there care to speculate on the face of the world
if atheists were the majority rather than the minority group of the population. 
It is rather a ridiculous question in some ways, I know, but my newsreader is
down so I am not getting any new postings for a bit, so I figure I might as
well post something new myself.

Also, how many atheists out there would actually take the stance and accor a
higher value to their way of thinking over the theistic way of thinking.  The
typical selfish argument would be that both lines of thinking evolved from the
same inherent motivation, so one is not, intrinsically, different from the
other, qualitatively.  But then again a measuring stick must be drawn
somewhere, and if we cannot assign value to a system of beliefs at its core,
than the only other alternative is to apply it to its periphery; ie, how it
expresses its own selfishness.

Idle thoughts...


Adam

********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
*				   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51153
From: bobs@thnext.mit.edu (Robert Singleton)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution

In article <1993Apr5.163738.2447@dcs.warwick.ac.uk>  
simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale) writes:
[deleted]
> 
> ... over on alt.atheism we tend to recognise two
> categories of atheism. Function format due to mathew@mantis.co.uk, I  
think:
> 
> (i) weak  -  not(believe(gods))
> 
> (ii) strong  -  believe(not(gods))
> 
[deleted]
> 
> 
> 
> I ... am [a strong atheist], and I must quibble with your assertion 
> that the `strong' position requires faith. I believe that no god/s, 
> as commonly described by theists, exist. This belief is merely an 
                                           ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> opinion, formed on the basis of observation, including a certain 
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> amount of introspection.
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> 
> I fully accept that I could be wrong, and will be swayed by suitably
> convincing evidence. Thus while I believe that no gods exist, this does
                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> not imply *faith* on my part that it is so.
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Let me first say that "to believe that no gods exist" is in fact 
different than "not believing in a god or gods". 

I will argue that your latter statement, "I believe that no gods exist"
does rest upon faith - that is, if you are making a POSITIVE statement 
that "no gods exist" (strong atheism) rather than merely saying I don't  
know and therefore don't believe in them and don't NOT believe in then
(weak atheism). Once again, to not believe in God is different than saying  
I BELIEVE that God does not exist. I still maintain the position, even 
after reading the FAQs, that strong atheism requires faith.

But first let me say the following.
We might have a language problem here - in regards to "faith" and
"existence". I, as a Christian, maintain that God does not exist.
To exist means to have being in space and time. God does not HAVE
being - God IS Being. Kierkegaard once said that God does not
exist, He is eternal. With this said, I feel it's rather pointless
to debate the so called "existence" of God - and that is not what
I'm doing here. I believe that God is the source and ground of
being. When you say that "god does not exist", I also accept this
statement - but we obviously mean two different things by it. However,
in what follows I will use the phrase "the existence of God" in it's
'usual sense' - and this is the sense that I think you are using it.
I would like a clarification upon what you mean by "the existence of
God".
 
We also might differ upon what it means to have faith. Here is what
Webster says:

faith 
1a: allegiance to duty or a person: LOYALTY
b  (1): fidelity to one's promises
   (2): sincerity of intentions
2a (1): belief and trust in and loyalty to God
   (2): belief in the traditional doctrines of a religion
b  (1): firm belief in something for which there is no proof
        ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
   (2): complete trust
3: something that is believed esp. with strong conviction; esp: a system 
   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
of religious beliefs
syn see BELIEF



One can never prove that God does or does not exist. When you say
that you believe God does not exist, and that this is an opinion
"based upon observation", I will have to ask "what observtions are
you refering to?" There are NO observations - pro or con - that
are valid here in establishing a POSITIVE belief. All observations
can only point you in a direction - a direction that we might even
be predisposed to (by predisposed I mean, for example, people whoes 
partents "believe in God" also tend to). To actually draw a conclusion
about the "existence" or "non-existence" of God requires a leap - and
you have made this leap when you actively say "I believe that God  
does/does not exist". Personally, I think that both statements are
misguided. Arguing over the "existence" of God is precisely the wrong way
to find Him (and yes, I use "Him" because a personal God is the only 
viable concept (IMO) - if a person wants to use "She" go ahead. Of course 
God is neither He nor She - but we have no choice but to 
anthropomorphise. If you want me to explain myself further I'll be 
glad to.) 



And please, if someone does not agree with me - even if they violently 
disagree - it's in no ones advantage to start name calling. If a person 
thinks I've misunderstood something in the FAQs, or if they they think 
I have not read them well enough, just point out to me the error of my 
ways and I correct the situation. I'm interested in a polite and well  
thought out discussion.








> Cheers
> 
> Simon
> -- 
> Simon Clippingdale                simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk
> Department of Computer Science    Tel (+44) 203 523296
> University of Warwick             FAX (+44) 203 525714
> Coventry CV4 7AL, U.K.

--
bob singleton
bobs@thnext.mit.edu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51154
From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
> More horrible deaths resulted from atheism than anything else.

There are definitely quite a few horrible deaths as the result of both
atheists AND theists.  I'm sure Bobby can list quite a few for the atheist
side but fails to recognize that the theists are equally proficient at
genocide.  Perhaps, since I'm a bit weak on history, somone here would like
to give a list of wars caused/led by theists?  I can think of a few (Hitler
claimed to be a Christian for example) but a more complete list would
probably be more effective in showing Bobby just how absurd his statement
is.

> Peace,

On a side note, I notice you always sign your posts "Peace".  Perhaps you
should take your own advice and leave the atheists in peace with their
beliefs?

> Bobby Mozumder

Nanci

.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
Lying to ourselves is more deeply ingrained than lying to others.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51155
From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: Dear Mr. Theist

west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:
> means to me.  The full quote (Michael Crichton, _Jurrasic_Park_) was 
> something like "The earth has existed quite contently for billions of 
> years.  We have been here but for the blink of an eye, and if we were gone
> tomorrow, the earth would not miss us.".  I remember this quote to keep
> myself humble when thinking that we have progressed so far or that we
> are masters of this planet.
  
Cool quote.

> The earth doesn't need saving, it's existed quite happily with-
> out us, we are the ones who need saving.

Better watch it.  The theists will jump on you for that... :-)

> Brian West.
> --
> THIS IS NOT A SIG FILE            *    -"To the Earth, we have been
> THIS IS NOT A SIG FILE            *     here but for the blink of an
> OK, SO IT'S A SIG FILE            *     eye, if we were gone tomorrow, 
> posted by west@wam.umd.edu        *     we would not be missed."-  
> who doesn't care who knows it.    *        (Jurassic Park) 
> ** DICLAIMER: I said this, I meant this, nobody made me do it.**

Nanci

.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
Lying to ourselves is more deeply ingrained than lying to others.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51156
From: mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?


My turn to jump in! :)

In article <1pi8h5INNq40@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>(reference line trimmed)
>
>livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>
>[...]
>
>>There is a good deal more confusion here.   You started off with the 
>>assertion that there was some "objective" morality, and as you admit
>>here, you finished up with a recursive definition.   Murder is 
>>"objectively" immoral, but eactly what is murder and what is not itself
>>requires an appeal to morality.
>

I think you mean circular, not recursive, but that is semantics.
Recursiveness has no problems, it is just horribly inefficient (just ask
any assembly programmer.)

>Yes.
>
>>Now you have switch targets a little, but only a little.   Now you are
>>asking what is the "goal"?   What do you mean by "goal?".   Are you
>>suggesting that there is some "objective" "goal" out there somewhere,
>>and we form our morals to achieve it?
>
>Well, for example, the goal of "natural" morality is the survival and
>propogation of the species.  Another example of a moral system is
>presented within the Declaration of Independence, which states that we
>should be guaranteed life liberty and the pursuit of happiness.  You see,
>to have a moral system, we must define the purpose of the system.  That is,
>we shall be moral unto what end?

The oft-quoted line that says people should be guaranteed life, liberty
and the pursuit of happiness as inalienable rights, is a complete lie
and deception, as the very authors of that line were in the process of
proving.  Liberty is never free, it is always purchased at some cost, 
almost always at the cost to another.  Whos liberty is more inalienable?
Similarly for right of life.  When one person must die if he is to save
another, or even a group of others, whos life is more inalienable?  
That leads into the classic question of the value of the death penalty, 
especially for serial killers.  Whos life and liberty is more valuable,
the serial killer, or the victim?  According to that beautiful line,
those two rights should be completely inviolate, that is, noone should be
able to remove them.  This _includes_ government.  Admittedly the serial
killer has restricted some people's life and/or liberty, but is not his
own life/liberty inviolate also?  According to the declaration of independence,
it is.

>>>Murder is certainly a violation of the golden rule.  And, I thought I had
>>>defined murder as an intentional killing of a non-murderer, against his will.

Oooh, I like that.  It means that killing an infant is not murder because
it cannot be against its will.  Reason, an infant has no will as such.

Similarly for people who are brain dead (easier to see), in a coma, etc.

Also, under current law, accidental killing is still murder.  How will you
include that?

>>>And you responded to this by asking whether or not the execution of an
>>>innocent person under our system of capital punishment was a murder or not.
>>>I fail to see what this has to do with anything.  I never claimed that our
>>>system of morality was an objective one.
>>I thought that was your very first claim.   That there was
>>some kind of "objective" morality, and that an example of that was
>>that murder is wrong.   If you don't want to claim that any more,
>>that's fine.

The only real golden rule in life is, he who has the gold, makes the
rules.  I.e. Might Makes Right.  That is survival.  Now what is wrong
with that?

>Well, murder violates the golen rule, which is certainly a pillar of most
>every moral system.  However, I am not assuming that our current system
>and the manner of its implementation are objectively moral.  I think that
>it is a very good approximation, but we can't be perfect.

If you mean the golden rule as I stated, yes, almost every system as
implemented has used that in reality.  Sorry, I don't deal as much in
fiction, as I do in reality.  

>>And by the way, you don't seem to understand the difference between
>>"arbitrary" and "objective".   If Keith Schneider "defines" murder
>>to be this that and the other, that's arbitrary.   Jon Livesey may
>>still say "Well, according to my personal system of morality, all
>>killing of humans against their will is murder, and wrong, and what
>>the legal definition of murder may be in the USA, Kuweit, Saudi
>>Arabia, or the PRC may be matters not a whit to me".

WELCOME TO OZLAND!!!!!!! :)

What is NOT arbitrary?  If you can find some part of society, some societal
rules, morals, etc. that are not arbitrary, please tell me.  I don't think
there are any.

>Well, "objective" would assume a system based on clear and fundamental
>concepts, while "arbitary" implies no clear line of reasoning.
>
>keith
Sounds like euphemisms to me.  The difference seems to be, that objective
is some reasoning that I like, while arbitrary is some reasoning that
I don't like OR don't understand. 

M^2



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51157
Subject: Re: Radical Agnostic... NOT!
From: zazen@austin.ibm.com (E. H. Welbon)

The One and Only (jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu) wrote:
: In article <dl2021-310393180711@m249-66.bgsu.edu> dl2021@andy.bgsu.edu (Pixie) writes:
: [first post I've seen from the ol' Bug-Zoo (BGSU)]
: >     There is no means that i can possibly think of to prove beyond doubt
: >that a god does not exist (but if anyone has one, by all means, tell me
: >what it is).  Therefore, lacking this ability of absolute proof, being an
: >atheist becomes an act of faith in and of itself, and this I cannot accept.
: > I accept nothing on blind faith.

: Invisible Pink Flying Unicorns!  Need I say more?

There is also the question of what is meant by "atheist".  A familiar
example of the importance of the meaning of the word is as follows.

The two statements following ARE consistent:

(1) I do not believe that you are wearing lilac socks
(2) I do not believe that you are are not wearing lilac socks

The two statements following are NOT consistent:

(3) I do believe that you are wearing lilac socks
(4) I do believe that you are are not wearing lilac socks

Statements (1) and (2) require no faith, they make no presumptions about
the nature of reality.  Statements (3) and (4) require belief.  Many
atheists (myself included) take the following position:

(5) I do not believe that there is a god.
(6) I do not believe that there is not a god.

That is , I harbor no beliefs at all, there is no good evidence
for god existing or not.  Some folks call this agnosticism.  It does not
suffer from "blind faith" at all.  I think of it as "Don't worry, be happy".

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51158
Subject: So what is Maddi?
From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)

As I was created in the image of Gaea, therefore I must
be the pinnacle of creation, She which Creates, She which
Births, She which Continues.

Or, to cut all the religious crap, I'm a woman, thanks.
And it's sexism that started me on the road to atheism.

-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51159
Subject: Re: The wrong and the right.
From: bdunn@cco.caltech.edu (Brendan Dunn)

In article <93090.141001E62763@TRMETU.BITNET> <E62763@TRMETU.BITNET> writes:
>Hi.I'm a Turkish guy who had tried atheism,satenism and buddism at some instant
>s of hislife.Finally I decided on Islambecause of many facts which I intend to
> write here.From my point of view,you atheists are people who has dropped to a
>deep,dark well and thinking the only reality is the dusty walls of the well.But
> if you had looked a little bit upward you would see the blue skies.You'dsee t
>he truth but you close your eyes.Allah is the only GOD and Mohammed is his mess
> ager.now,let's generate some entropy in means of theology and thermodynamics.W
>hat's your point of view to the problem of the ''FIRST KISS''?That is,the first
> spark which was generated for the formation of the universe.Has it formed by i
>tself?You are bothering yourselves with the Big Bang but where is the first spa
>rk?Please think a bit.Think and return to the only reality of the universe:ISLA
>M|

Uh oh.  This looks a bit too much like Bobby's "Atheism Is False" stuff.  Are
we really going to have to go through this again?  Maybe the universe is
cyclical!  :)  :(







--Brendan Dunn

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51160
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)

bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>  And in the US, even that argument doesn't stand.  It costs far
>  more to execute a criminal in this country than it does to feed,
>  clothe, and shelter them for the remainder of their natural life.
>  Some people believe this is a fault of our judicial system.  I
>  find it to be one of it's greatest virtues.

I assume that you are talking about the appeals processes, etc.?
Well, it should be noted that people who are imprisoned for life
will also tend to appeal (though not quite as much in the "final
hours."

Anyway, economics is not a very good reason to either favor or oppose
the punishment.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51161
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution
From: lmh@juliet.caltech.edu (Henling, Lawrence M.)

In article <1APR199313404295@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu<, lippard@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard) writes...
<In article <31MAR199321091163@juliet.caltech.edu<, lmh@juliet.caltech.edu (Henling, Lawrence M.) writes...
<<Atheism (Greek 'a' not + 'theos' god)  Belief that there is no god.
<<Agnosticism (Greek 'a' not + ~ 'gnostein ?' know) Belief that it is
<<  not possible to determine if there is a god.

<No.  Agnosticism as you have here defined it is a positive belief--a
<belief that it is not possible to determine the existence of any gods.
<That's a belief I'm inclined to reject.  You have also defined atheism
<here as a positive belief--that there is no god.  A fairly large number
<of atheists on alt.atheism reject this definition, instead holding that
<atheism is simply the absence of belief in a god.  Michael Martin, in
<_Atheism: A Philosophical Justification_, distinguishes strong atheism

 My mistake. I will have to get a newer dictionary and read the 
follow up line.

larry henling   lmh@shakes.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51162
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

(reference line trimmed)

SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (SCOTT D. SAUYET) writes:

>First, I'll make the assumption that you agree that a murderer is one
>who has commited murder.

Well, I'd say that a murderer is one who intentionally committed a murder.
For instance, if you put a bullet into a gun that was thought to contain
blanks, and someone was killed with such a gun, the person who actually
performed the action isn't the murderer (but I guess this is actually made
clear in the below definition).

>I'd be interested to see a more reasonable definition. 

What do you mean by "reasonable?"

>Otherwise, your inductive definition doesn't bottom out:
>Your definition, in essence, is that
>>Murder is the intentional killing of someone who has not commited 
>>murder, against his will.
>Expanding the second occurence of `murder' in the above, we see that
[...]

Yes, it is bad to include the word being defined in the definition.  But,
even though the series is recursively infinite, I think the meaning can
still be deduced.

>I assume you can see the problem here.  To do a correct inductive
>definition, you must define something in terms of a simpler case, and
>you must have one or several "bottoming out" cases.  For instance, we
>can define the factorial function (the function which assigns to a
>positive integer the product of the positive integers less than or
>equal to it) on the positive integers inductively as follows:

[math lesson deleted]

Okay, let's look at this situation:  suppose there is a longstanding
feud between two families which claim that the other committed some
travesty in the distant past.  Each time a member of the one family
kills a member of the other, the other family thinks that it is justified
in killing a that member of the first family.  Now, let's suppose that this
sequence has occurred an infinite number of times.  Or, if you don't
like dealing with infinities, suppose that one member of the family
goes back into time and essentially begins the whole thing.  That is, there
is a never-ending loop of slayings based on some non-existent travesty.
How do you resolve this?

Well, they are all murders.

Now, I suppose that this isn't totally applicable to your "problem," but
it still is possible to reduce an uninduced system.

And, in any case, the nested "murderer" in the definition of murder
cannot be infintely recursive, given the finite existence of humanity.
And, a murder cannot be committed without a killing involved.  So, the
first person to intentionally cause someone to get killed is necessarily
a murderer.  Is this enough of an induction to solve the apparently
unreducable definition?  See, in a totally objective system where all the
information is available, such a nested definition isn't really a problem.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51163
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1pigidINNsot@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:

>mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>>As for rape, surely there the burden of guilt is solely on the rapist?
>
>Not so.  If you are thrown into a cage with a tiger and get mauled, do you
>blame the tiger?

	A human has greater control over his/her actions, than a 
predominately instictive tiger.

	A proper analogy would be:

	If you are thrown into a cage with a person and get mauled, do you 
blame that person?

	Yes. [ providing that that person was in a responsible frame of 
mind, eg not clinicaly insane, on PCB's, etc. ]

---

        "One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that 
        say "Mom", because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more 
        virile men."

        Bobby Mozumder  ( snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu )
        April 4, 1993

        The one TRUE Muslim left in the world. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51164
From: mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Idle questions for fellow atheists

In article <1993Apr5.124216.4374@mac.cc.macalstr.edu> acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu writes:
>
>I wonder how many atheists out there care to speculate on the face of the world
>if atheists were the majority rather than the minority group of the population. 

Probably we would have much the same problems with only a slight shift in
emphasis.  Weekends might not be so inviolate (more common to work 7 days
a week in a business), and instead of American Atheists, we would have
similar, religious organizations.  A persons religious belief seems more
as a crutch and justification for actions than a guide to determine actions.
Of course, people would have to come up with more fascinating 
rationalizations for their actions, but that could be fun to watch...

It seems to me, that for most people, religion in America doesn't matter
that much.  You have extreemists on both ends, but a large majority don't
make too much of an issue about it as long as you don't.  Now, admittedly,
I have never had to suffer the "Bible Belt", but I am just north of it
and see the fringes, and the reasonable people in most things tend to be
reasonable in religion as well.  


>Also, how many atheists out there would actually take the stance and accor a
>higher value to their way of thinking over the theistic way of thinking.  The
>typical selfish argument would be that both lines of thinking evolved from the
>same inherent motivation, so one is not, intrinsically, different from the
>other, qualitatively.  But then again a measuring stick must be drawn
>somewhere, and if we cannot assign value to a system of beliefs at its core,
>than the only other alternative is to apply it to its periphery; ie, how it
>expresses its own selfishness.
>

I don't bother according a higher value to my thinking, or just about
anybodys thinking.  I don't want to fall in that trap.  Because if you 
do start that, then you are then to decide which is better, says whom,
why, is there a best, and also what to do about those who have inferior
modes of thinking.  IDIC  (Infinite Diversity in Infinite Combinations.)
I'll argue it over a soda, but not over much more.

Just my $.12  (What inflation has done...)

M^2



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51165
From: trajan@cwis.unomaha.edu (Stephen McIntyre)
Subject: Re: The Problem of Satan (used to be: islamic authority over women)

In article <1993Apr5.165233.1007@news.unomaha.edu> trajan@cwis.unomaha.edu 
     (Stephen McIntyre) writes:

> Of course, Bobby then states that Satan has no free will, that
>    he does as God wants him to.  This brings up a host of
>    paradoxes:  is God therefore evil; do I have free will
>    or is God directing me also; if God is evil, which part
>    of his infinite self is good and which is evil; etc.?

> I would like for once a solid answer, not a run-about.

# I hope I gave you a fairly solid answer to this one: I simply don't agree
# with the embodied version of a Satan who is a separate creation or a force.
# I wrote:

>> The belief to which I ascribe is that evil is not a creation;
>> rather, it is "the absence of good."  This fits with all the
>> logic about things having dual use: e.g., a knife can be used
>> to sculpt and it can be used to kill.  Like entropy, evil is
>> seen in this view as neither force nor entity.  Satan is,
>> therefore, metaphorical.  In fact, there are several verses
>> of the Holy Qur'an which appear to support this view and several
>> Traditions as well.
>
>> For example, there is a Tradition that food should never be left open
>> on a shelf or table overnight, lest "Satan" enter it.  It appears
>> that this is a reference to as yet undiscovered germs; thus, the
>> evil effect of spoiled food is described as "Satan."

>But there are many examples of Satan personified.  Which am I
>     to believe?

# And there are quite physical descriptions of Heaven and Hell in the
# Holy Qur'an, the Bible, etc.  There have been times in the spiritual
# and intellectual evolution of the modern human when these physical
# descriptions of Heaven, Hell, and Satan were taken quite literally
# and that *worked* for the time.  As I mentioned in the Tradition
# cited above, for example, it was sufficient in the absence of a theory
# about germs and disease spread by worms to simply describe the "evil"
# which was passed to a consumer of spoiled food as "satanic."

     Which begs the question: if Satan in this case is
     metaphorical, how can you be certain Allah is not
     the same way?

# The bottom line here, however, is that describing a spiritual plane
# in human language is something like describing "color" to a person
# who has been blind from birth.  You may want to read the book
# FLATLAND (if you haven't already) or THE DRAGON'S EGG.  The first
# is intended as a light hearted description of a mathematical con-
# cept...

[some deleted for space saving]

# When language fails because it cannot be used to adequately describe
# another dimension which cannot be experienced by the speakers, then
# such conventions as metaphor, allegory, and the like come to be
# necessary.  The "unseen" is described in terms which have reference`
# and meaning for the reader/listener.  But, like all models, a compro-
# mise must be made when speaking metaphorically: clarity and directness
# of meaning, equivalence of perception, and the like are all
# crippled.  But what else can you do?

     This is why I asked the above.  How would you then
     know God exists as a spirit or being rather than
     just being metaphorical?  I mean, it's okay to say
     "well, Satan is just metaphorical," but then you
     have to justify this belief AND justify that God is
     not some metaphor for something else.

     I say this because there are many, many instances of
     Satan described as a being (such as the tormentor in 
     the Old Testament book of Job, or the temptor in the
     New Testament Gospels).  In the same way, God too is
     described as a being (or spirit.)  How am I to know
     one is metaphorical and not the other.

     Further, belief in God isn't a bar to evil.  Let's
     consider the case of Satanists: even if Satan were
     metaphorical, the Satanist would have to believe
     in God to justify this belief.  Again, we have a 
     case where someone does believe in God, but by
     religious standards, they are "evil."  If Bobby
     does see this, let him address this question also.

[deleted some more on "metaphor"]

>> Obviously more philosophizing on this issue is possible, but I'm
>> not sure that the readers of this newsgroup would want to delve
>> into religious interpretation further.  However, if anyone wishes
>> to discuss this, I'm certainly willing (either off line - e-mail - or
>> on line - posting).

Stephen

    _/_/_/_/  _/_/_/_/   _/       _/    * Atheist
   _/        _/    _/   _/ _/ _/ _/     * Libertarian
  _/_/_/_/  _/_/_/_/   _/   _/  _/      * Pro-individuality
       _/  _/     _/  _/       _/       * Pro-responsibility
_/_/_/_/  _/      _/ _/       _/ Jr.    * and all that jazz...


-- 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51169
From: jvigneau@cs.ulowell.edu (Joe Vigneau)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <1pmjo8INN2l0@lynx.unm.edu> bevans@carina.unm.edu (Mathemagician) writes:

   Just what do gay people do that straight people don't?

Absolutely nothing.

I'm a VERY straight(as an arrow), 17-year old male that is involved in the BSA.

I don't care what gay people do among each other, as long as they don't make
passes at me or anything.  At my summer camp where I work, my boss is gay.
Not in a 'pansy' way of gay (I know a few), but just 'one of the guys'.
He doesn't push anything on me, and we give him the same respect back, due
to his position.

If anything, the BSA has taught me, I don't know, tolerance or something.
Before I met this guy, I thought all gays were 'faries'.  So, the BSA HAS
taught me to be an antibigot.

Basically, It comes down to this: What you do among yourself is your own
business. No one else has the right to tell you otherwise, unless it
violates someone else's civil rights.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51170
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating
From: p00261@psilink.com (Robert Knowles)

>DATE:   Mon, 5 Apr 1993 16:30:50 GMT
>FROM:   Stilgar <west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu>
>
>In article <kmr4.1422.733983061@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M.  
>Ryan) writes:
>> In article <1993Apr5.025924.11361@wam.umd.edu>  
>west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:
>> 
>> >THE ILLIAD IS THE UNDISPUTED WORD OF GOD(tm)    *prove me wrong*
>> 
>> 	I dispute it.
>> 
>> 	Ergo: by counter-example: you are proven wrong.
>
>	I dispute your counter-example
>
>	Ergo: by counter-counter-example: you are wrong and
>	I am right so nanny-nanny-boo-boo TBBBBBBBTTTTTTHHHHH
>			8^p
>

This looks like a serious case of temporary Islam. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51171
Subject: A word of advice
From: jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only)

In article <65882@mimsy.umd.edu> mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
>
>I've said enough times that there is no "alternative" that should think you
>might have caught on by now.  And there is no "alternative", but the point
>is, "rationality" isn't an alternative either.  The problems of metaphysical
>and religious knowledge are unsolvable-- or I should say, humans cannot
>solve them.

How does that saying go: Those who say it can't be done shouldn't interrupt
those who are doing it.

Jim
--
Have you washed your brain today?

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51172
From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: Concerning God's Morality (long)


jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
> > Sorry, but there are no supernatural
> > forces necessary to create a pathogen.  You are saying, "Since
> > diseases are bad, the bad entity must have created it."  So
> > what would you say about acid rain, meteors falling from the
> > sky, volcanoes, earthquakes, and other QUOTE UNQUOTE "Acts
> > of God?" 
> 
> I would say that they are not "acts of God" but natural
> occurrences.

It amazes me that you have the audacity to say that human creation was not
the result of the natural process of evolution (but rather an "act of God")
and then in the same post say that these other processes (volcanos et al.)
are natural occurrences.  Who gave YOU the right to choose what things are
natural processes and what are direct acts of God?  How do you know that
God doesn't cause each and every natural disaster with a specific purpose
in mind?  It would certainly go along with the sadistic nature I've seen in
the bible.

> >>Even if Satan had nothing to do with the original inception of
> >>disease, evolution by random chance would have produced them since
> >>humanity forsook God's protection.  If we choose to live apart from
> >>God's law (humanity collectively), then it should come as no surprise
> >>that there are adverse consequences to our (collective) action.  One
> >>of these is that we are left to deal with disease and disorders which
> >>inevitably result in an entropic universe.
> > 
> > May I ask, where is this 'collective' bullcrap coming from? 
>
> By "collective" I was referring to the idea that God works with
> humanity on two levels, individually and collectively.  If mankind
> as a whole decides to undertake a certain action (the majority of
> mankind), then God will allow the consequences of that action to
> affect mankind as a whole.

Adam & Eve (TWO PEOPLE), even tho they had the honor (or so you christians
claim) of being the first two, definitely do NOT represent a majority in
the billions and trillions (probably more) of people that have come after
them.  Perhaps they were the majority then, but *I* (and YOU) weren't
around to vote, and perhaps we might have voted differently about what to
do with that tree.  But your god never asked us.  He just assumes that if
you have two bad people then they ALL must be bad.  Hmm.  Sounds like the
same kind of false generalization that I see many of the theists posting
here resorting to.  So THAT's where they get it... shoulda known.

> Jim B.

Nanci

.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
Lying to ourselves is more deeply ingrained than lying to others.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51173
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)

In article <1993Apr5.023044.19580@ultb.isc.rit.edu) snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
)
)That's your mistake.  It would be better for the children if the mother
)raised the child.
)
)One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that say "Mom",
)because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more virile men.
)Compare that with how homos are raised.  Do a study and you will get my
)point.
)
)But in no way do you have a claim that it would be better if the men
)stayed home and raised the child.  That is something false made up by
)feminists that seek a status above men.  You do not recognize the fact
)that men and women have natural differences.  Not just physically, but
)mentally also.
) [...]
)Your logic.  I didn't say americans were the cause of worlds problems, I
)said atheists.
) [...]
)Becuase they have no code of ethics to follow, which means that atheists
)can do whatever they want which they feel is right.  Something totally
)based on their feelings and those feelings cloud their rational
)thinking.
) [...]
)Yeah.  I didn't say that all atheists are bad, but that they could be
)bad or good, with nothing to define bad or good.
)

  Awright!  Bobby's back, in all of his shit-for-brains glory.  Just
  when I thought he'd turned the corner of progress, his Thorazine
  prescription runs out.  

  I'd put him in my kill file, but man, this is good stuff.  I wish
  I had his staying power.

  Fortunately, I learned not to take him too seriously long,long,long
  ago.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51174
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)

In article <1993Apr5.024626.19942@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
>
>Peace,

  Bobby:

  Get this the hell out of your .sig until you 1) learn what it
  stands for and 2) really mean it.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51175
Subject: Omnipotence (was Re: Speculations)
From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com

In article <2942949719.2.p00261@psilink.com>, "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
>>DATE:   Fri, 2 Apr 1993 23:02:22 -0500
>>FROM:   Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
>>
>>
>>> > 3. Can god uncreate itself?
>>> 
>>> No.  For if He did, He would violate His own nature which He cannot do.
>>> It is God's nature to Exist.  He is, after all, the "I AM" which is
>>> a statement of His inherent Existence.  He is existence itself.
>>> Existence cannot "not-exist".
>>
>>Then, as mentioned above, he must not be very omnipotent.
>>

What do you mean by omnipotent here?  Do you mean by "omnipotent"
that God should be able to do anything/everything?  This creates
a self-contradictory definition of omnipotence which is effectively
useless.

To be descriptive, omnipotence must mean "being all-powerful" and
not "being able to do anything/everything".

Let me illustrate by analogy.
Suppose the United States were the only nuclear power on earth.  Suppose
further that the US military could not effectively be countered by any
nation or group of nations.  The US has the power to go into any country
at any time for any reason to straighten things out as the leaders of the
US see fit.  The US would be militarily "omnipotent".

But suppose further that the US holds to a doctrine/philosophy of not
interfering in the internal affairs of any nation, such as the current
civil war in the former Yugoslavian states.

Technically (in this scenario) the US would have the power to 
unilaterally go into Yugoslavia and straighten out the mess.  But
effectively the US could not intervene without violating its own policy 
of non-interference.  If the policy of non-interference were held to
strongly enough, then there would never be a question that it would
ever be violated.  Effectively, the US would be limited in what it
could actually do, although it had the power to do "whatever it wanted".
The US would simply "never want to interfere" for such an idea would
be beyond the consideration of its leaders given such an inviolate
non-interference policy.

God is effectively limited in the same sense.  He is all powerful, but
He cannot use His power in a way that would violate the essence of what
He, Himself is.

I hope this helps to clear up some of the misunderstanding concerning
omnipotence.

Regards,

Jim B.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51176
Subject: Re: Islamic marriage?
From: karner@austin.ibm.com (F. Karner)


In article <1993Apr2.103237.4627@Cadence.COM>, mas@Cadence.COM (Masud Khan) writes:
> In article <C4qAv2.24wG@austin.ibm.com> karner@austin.ibm.com (F. Karner) writes:
> >
> >Okay.  So you want me to name names?  There are obviously no official
> >records of these pseudo-marriages because they are performed for
> >convenience.  What happens typically is that the woman is willing to move
> >in with her lover without any scruples or legal contracts to speak of. 
> >The man is merely utilizing a loophole by entering into a temporary
> >religious "marriage" contract in order to have sex.  Nobody complains,
> >nobody cares, nobody needs to know.
> >
> >Perhaps you should alert your imam.  It could be that this practice is
> >far more widespread than you may think.  Or maybe it takes 4 muslim men
> >to witness the penetration to decide if the practice exists!
> >-- 
> >
> 
> Again you astound me with the level of ignorance you display, Muslims
> are NOT allowed to enter temporary marriages, got that? There is
> no evidence for it it an outlawed practise so get your facts 
> straight buddy. Give me references for it or just tell everyone you
> were lying. It is not a widespread as you may think (fantasise) in
> fact contrary to your fantasies it is not practised at all amongst
> Muslims.

First of all, I'm not your buddy!  Second, read what I wrote.  I'm not
talking about what muslims are ALLOWED to do, merely what *SOME*
practice.  They consider themselves as muslim as you, so don't retort
with the old and tired "they MUST NOT BE TRUE MUSLIMS" bullshit.  If I
gave you the names what will you do with this information?  Is a fatwa
going to be leashed out against the perpetrators?  Do you honestly think
that someone who did it would voluntarily come forward and confess? 
With the kind of extremism shown by your co-religionaries?  Fat chance.

At any rate, there can be no conclusive "proof" by the very nature of
the act.  Perhaps people that indulge in this practice agree with you in
theory, but hope that Allah will forgive them in the end.

I think it's rather arrogant of you to pretend to speak for all muslims
in this regard.  Also, kind of silly.  Are you insinuating that because
the Koranic law forbids it, there are no criminals in muslim countries? 

This is as far as I care to go on this subject.  The weakness of your
arguments are for all netters to see.  Over and out...
-- 

         DISCLAIMER: The opinions expressed in this posting are mine
            solely and do not represent my employer in any way.
       F. A. Karner AIX Technical Support | karner@austin.vnet.ibm.com

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51177
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1pi8h5INNq40@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> (reference line trimmed)
|> 
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> [...]
|> 
|> >There is a good deal more confusion here.   You started off with the 
|> >assertion that there was some "objective" morality, and as you admit
|> >here, you finished up with a recursive definition.   Murder is 
|> >"objectively" immoral, but eactly what is murder and what is not itself
|> >requires an appeal to morality.
|> 
|> Yes.
|> 
|> >Now you have switch targets a little, but only a little.   Now you are
|> >asking what is the "goal"?   What do you mean by "goal?".   Are you
|> >suggesting that there is some "objective" "goal" out there somewhere,
|> >and we form our morals to achieve it?
|> 
|> Well, for example, the goal of "natural" morality is the survival and
|> propogation of the species. 


I got just this far.   What do you mean by "goal"?    I hope you
don't mean to imply that evolution has a conscious "goal".

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51178
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1pic4lINNrau@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
|> 
|> >My personal objection is that I find capital punishment to be
|> >cruel and unusual punishment under all circumstances.
|> 
|> It can be painless, so it isn't cruel.  And, it has occurred frequently
|> since the dawn of time, so it is hardly unusual.

Koff!  You mean that as long as I put you to sleep first,
I can kill you without being cruel?

This changes everything.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51179
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1pieg7INNs09@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >Now along comes Mr Keith Schneider and says "Here is an "objective
|> >moral system".  And then I start to ask him about the definitions
|> >that this "objective" system depends on, and, predictably, the whole
|> >thing falls apart.
|> 
|> It only falls apart if you attempt to apply it.  This doesn't mean that
|> an objective system can't exist.  It just means that one cannot be
|> implemented.

It's not the fact that it can't exist that bothers me.   It's 
the fact that you don't seem to be able to define it.

If I wanted to hear about indefinable things that might in
principle exist as long as you don't think about them too
carefully, I could ask a religious person, now couldn't I?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51180
Subject: Re: >>>>>>Pompous ass
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1pi9btINNqa5@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
|> 
|> >>Then why do people keep asking the same questions over and over?
|> >Because you rarely ever answer them.
|> 
|> Nope, I've answered each question posed, and most were answered multiple
|> times.

	He:   Fifty dollars if I can't answer your question.

	She:  What is the Big Bang theory.

	He:   The Big Bang theory is a recipe for cookies.

	She:  Fifty dollars, please.

	He:   Hey, I didn't say the answers would make sense.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51181
Subject: Re: >>>>>>Pompous ass
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1pi9jkINNqe2@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >>>How long does it [the motto] have to stay around before it becomes the
|> >>>default?  ...  Where's the cutoff point? 
|> >>I don't know where the exact cutoff is, but it is at least after a few
|> >>years, and surely after 40 years.
|> >Why does the notion of default not take into account changes
|> >in population makeup?     
|> 
|> Specifically, which changes are you talking about?  Are you arguing
|> that the motto is interpreted as offensive by a larger portion of the
|> population now than 40 years ago?

No, do I have to?    I'm just commenting that it makes very
little sense to consider everything we inherit to be the default.

Seen any steam trains recently?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51182
Subject: Re: Concerning God's Morality (long)
From: J5J@psuvm.psu.edu (John A. Johnson)

In article <1993Apr5.084042.822@batman.bmd.trw.com>, jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
responds to a lot of grief given to him
>In article <1993Apr3.095220.24632@leland.Stanford.EDU>,
>galahad@leland.Stanford.EDU (Scott Compton)
a.k.a. "The Sagemaster"
[ . . .]
>But then I ask, So?  Where is this relevant to my discussion in
>answering John's question of why?  Why are there genetic diseases,
>and why are there so many bacterial and viral diseases which require
>babies to develop antibodies.  Is it God's fault? (the original
>question) -- I say no, it is not.

Most of Scotty's followup *was* irrelevant to the original question,
but this is not unusual, as threads often quickly evolve away from
the original topic.  What I could not understand is why Jim spent so
much time responding to what he regarded as irrelevancies.

[ . . . ]
>> May I ask, where is this 'collective' bullcrap coming from?
[ . . . ]
>
>By "collective" I was referring to the idea that God works with
>humanity on two levels, individually and collectively.  If mankind
>as a whole decides to undertake a certain action (the majority of
>mankind),

Well, I guess hypothetical Adam was "the majority of mankind"
seeing how he was the ONLY man at the time.

>then God will allow the consequences of that action to
>affect mankind as a whole.  If you didn't understand that, then I
>apologize for not using one and two syllable words in my discussion.

I understand what you mean by "collective," but I think it is an
insane perversion of justice.  What sort of judge would punish the
descendants for a crime committed by their ancestor?

>If you want to be sure that I read your post and to provide a
>response, send a copy to Jim_Brown@oz.bmd.trw.com.  I can't read
>a.a. every day, and some posts slip by.  Thanks.

Well, I must admit that you probably read a.a. more often than I read
the Bible these days.  But you missed a couple of good followups to
your post.  I'm sending you a personal copy of my followup which I
hope you will respond to publically in a.a.

John
The Sageless

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51183
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Jews can't hide from keith@cco.

In article <1993Apr3.071823.13253@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
|> In article <1pj2b6$aaa@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> >In article <1993Apr3.033446.10669@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
|> >|>Er, Jon, what Ken said was:
|> >|> 
|> >|> There have previously been people like you in your country.  Unfortunately,
|> >|>                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
|> >|> most Jews did not survive.
|> >|> 
|> >|>That sure sounds to me like Ken is accusing the guy of being a Nazi.
|> >

[my previous posting deleted]

|> 
|> Yes, yes.  This is a perfectly fine rant, and I agree with it completely.
|> But what does it have to do with anything?  The issue at hand here
|> is whether or not Ken accused the fellow from Germany of being a
|> Nazi.  I grant that he did not explicity make this accusation, but
|> he came pretty damn close.  He is certainly accusing the guy of
|> sympathizing with those who would like to exterminate the Jews, and
|> that's good enough for me.

The poster casually trashed two thousand years of Jewish history, and 
Ken replied that there had previously been people like him in Germany.

That's right.   There have been.    There have also been people who
were formally Nazis.   But the Nazi party would have gone nowhere
without the active and tacit support of the ordinary man in the
street who behaved as though casual anti-semitism was perfectly
acceptable.

Now what exactly don't you understand about what I wrote, and why
don't you see what it has to do with the matter at hand?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51184
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Jews can't hide from keith@cco.

In article <1993Apr3.153552.4334@mac.cc.macalstr.edu>, acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu writes:
|> In article <1pint5$1l4@fido.asd.sgi.com>, livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes
>
> Well, Germany was hardly the ONLY country to discriminate against the 
> Jews, although it has the worst reputation because it did the best job 
> of expressing a general European dislike of them.  This should not turn 
> into a debate on antisemitism, but you should also point out that Luther's
>  antiSemitism was based on religious grounds, while Hitler's was on racial 
> grounds, and Wagnmer's on aesthetic grounds.  Just blanketing the whole 
> group is poor analysis, even if they all are bigots.

I find these to be intriguing remarks.   Could you give us a bit
more explanation here?   For example, which religion is anti-semitic,
and which aesthetic?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51185
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr3.100039.15879@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
|> In <1p8ivt$cfj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >Should we British go around blowing up skyscrapers next?
|> 
|> I don't know if you are doing so, but it seems you are implying 
|> (1) that the person accused of blowing up the WTC in NY actually did it,
|> and
|> (2) that Islamic teachings have something to do with blowing up the WTC.

I was replying to a person who attempted to justify the fatwa
against Rushdie on the grounds that his work was intentionally
insulting. 

I think that to take a single sentence from a fairly long
posting, and to say 

	"I don't know if you are doing so, but it 
	seems you are implying....."

is at the very best quite disingenuous, and perhaps even
dishonest.    If anyone care to dig back and read the full
posting, they will see nothing of the kind.

I trust you don't deny that Islamic teaching has "something
to do" with the fatwa against Rushdie?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51186
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <114127@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> 
|> I don't understand the point of this petty sarcasm. It is a basic 
|> principle of Islam that if one is born muslim or one says "I testify
|> that there is no god but God and Mohammad is a prophet of God" that,
|> so long as one does not explicitly reject Islam by word then one _must_
|> be considered muslim by all muslims. So the phenomenon you're attempting
|> to make into a general rule or psychology is a direct odds with basic
|> Islamic principles. If you want to attack Islam you could do better than
|> than to argue against something that Islam explicitly contradicts.

Then Mr Mozumder is incorrect when he says that when committing
bad acts, people temporarily become atheists?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51187
From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

>If Saddam believed in God, he would pray five times a
>day.
>
>Communism, on the other hand, actually committed genocide in the name of
>atheism, as Lenin and Stalin have said themselves.  These two were die
>hard atheist (Look! A pun!) and believed in atheism as an integral part
>of communism.

No, Bobby.  Stalin killed millions in the name of Socialism.  Atheism was a
characteristic of the Lenin-Stalin version of Socialism, nothing more.
Another characteristic of Lenin-Stalin Socialism was the centralization of
food distribution.  Would you therefore say that Stalin and Lenin killed
millions in the name of rationing bread?  Of course not.


>More horrible deaths resulted from atheism than anything else.

In earlier posts you stated that true (Muslim) believers were incapable of
evil.  I suppose if you believe that, you could reason that no one has ever
been killed in the name of religion.  What a perfect world you live in,
Bobby.  


>One of the reasons that you are atheist is that you limit God by giving
>God a form.  God does not have a "face".

Bobby is referring to a rather obscure law in _The Good Atheist's 
Handbook_:

Law XXVI.A.3: Give that which you do not believe in a face.  

You must excuse us, Bobby.  When we argue against theism, we usually argue
against the Christian idea of God.  In the realm of Christianity, man was
created in God's image.  

-- 
|""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""|
| Kevin Marshall                         Sophomore, Computer Science |
| Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA  USA     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu  |
|____________________________________________________________________|

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51188
From: cfairman@leland.Stanford.EDU (Carolyn Jean Fairman)
Subject: Re: *** The list of Biblical contradictions

joslin@pogo.isp.pitt.edu (David Joslin) writes:

>Someone writes:
>>I found a list of Biblical contradictions and cleaned it up a bit,
>>but now I'd like some help with it.

>I'm curious to know what purpose people think these lists serve.

It's about time.  Why do atheists spend so much time paying attention
to the bible, anyway?

Face it, there are better things to do with your life!  I used to
chuckle and snort over the silliness in that book and the absurdity
of people believing in it as truth, etc.  Why do we spend so little
time on the Mayan religion, or the Native Americans?  Heck, the Native
Americans have signifigantly more interesting myths.  Also, what
about the Egyptians.

I think we pay so much attention to Christianity because we accept
it as a _religion_ and not a mythology, which I find more accurate.


I try to be tolerant.  It gets very hard when someone places a book
under my nose and tells me it's special.  It's not.

Carolyn

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51189
From: suopanki@stekt6.oulu.fi (Heikki T. Suopanki)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

>>>>> On 5 Apr 93 11:24:30 MST, jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com said:

:> God is eternal.    [A = B]
:> Jesus is God.      [C = A]
:> Therefore, Jesus is eternal.  [C = B]

:> This works both logically and mathematically.  God is of the set of
:> things which are eternal.  Jesus is a subset of God.   Therefore
:> Jesus belongs to the set of things which are eternal.

Everything isn't always so logical....

Mercedes is a car.
That girl is Mercedes.
Therefore, that girl is a car?

-Heikki

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51190
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <930404.111651.1K0.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew@mantis.co.uk (mathew) writes:
|> In article <1993Apr2.065230.18676@blaze.cs.jhu.edu>
|> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
|> >The "automobile system" kills non-driving passengers, not to mention
|> >pedestrians.  You need not drive or even use a car to be killed by one.
|> 
|> Indeed, and it kills far more than a system of public transport would.  I am
|> therefore entirely in favour of banning private cars and replacing them with
|> trains, buses, taxis, bicycles, and so on.

Seconded.   I cycle to work each day, and if we could just get
those damned cars and their cretinous drivers off the road, it
would be a lot more fun.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51191
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <930404.112127.2h6.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew@mantis.co.uk (mathew) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> >                                      And we, meaning people who drive,
|> > accept the risks of doing so, and contribute tax money to design systems
|> > to minimize those risks.
|> 
|> Eh?  We already have systems to minimize those risks.  It's just that you car
|> drivers don't want to use them.
|> 
|> They're called bicycles, trains and buses.

Poor Matthew.   A million posters to call "you car drivers" and he
chooses me, a non car owner.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51192
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Omnipotence (was Re: Speculations)

In article <1993Apr5.171143.828@batman.bmd.trw.com>, jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
|> In article <2942949719.2.p00261@psilink.com>, "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
|> >>DATE:   Fri, 2 Apr 1993 23:02:22 -0500
|> >>FROM:   Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
|> >>
|> >>
|> >>> > 3. Can god uncreate itself?
|> >>> 
|> >>> No.  For if He did, He would violate His own nature which He cannot do.
|> >>> It is God's nature to Exist.  He is, after all, the "I AM" which is
|> >>> a statement of His inherent Existence.  He is existence itself.
|> >>> Existence cannot "not-exist".
|> >>
|> >>Then, as mentioned above, he must not be very omnipotent.
|> >>
|> 
|> What do you mean by omnipotent here?  Do you mean by "omnipotent"
|> that God should be able to do anything/everything?  This creates
|> a self-contradictory definition of omnipotence which is effectively
|> useless.
|> 
|> To be descriptive, omnipotence must mean "being all-powerful" and
|> not "being able to do anything/everything".
|> 
|> Let me illustrate by analogy.
|> Suppose the United States were the only nuclear power on earth.  Suppose
|> further that the US military could not effectively be countered by any
|> nation or group of nations.  The US has the power to go into any country
|> at any time for any reason to straighten things out as the leaders of the
|> US see fit.  The US would be militarily "omnipotent".

Did you check with the Afghans before posting this?   They
might disagree.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51193
From: ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au (Jeffrey Clark)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:

>Nanci Ann Miller writes:

>>My favorite reply to the "you are being too literal-minded" complaint is
>>that if the bible is really inspired by God and if it is really THAT
>>important to him, then he would make damn certain all the translators and
>>scribes and people interpreting and copying it were getting it right,
>>literally.  If not, then why should I put ANY merit at all in something
>>that has been corrupted over and over and over by man even if it was
>>originally inspired by God?

>The "corrupted over and over" theory is pretty weak.  Comparison of the
>current hebrew text with old versions and translations shows that the text
>has in fact changed very little over a space of some two millennia.  This
>shouldn't be all that suprising; people who believe in a text in this manner
>are likely to makes some pains to make good copies.
>-- 
Do you honestly hold to that tripe Charley? For a start there are enough
current versions of the Bible to make comparisons to show that what you write
above is utter garbage. Witness JW, Mormon, Catholic, Anglican, and Greek
Orthodox Bibles. But to really convince you I'd have to take you to a good
old library. In our local library we had a 1804 King James which I compared
to a brand new, hot of God's tongue Good News Bible. Genesis was almost
unrecognisable, many of the discrepencies between the four gospels had been
edited from the Good News Bible. In fact the God of Good News was a much
more congenial fellow I must say. 

If you like I'll get the 1804 King James out again and actually give you
some quotes. At least the headings haven't changed much.

Jeff.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51194
From: ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au (Jeffrey Clark)
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals

cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl) writes:

>Why is it more reasonable than the trend towards obesity and the trend towards
>depression? You can't just pick your two favorite trends, notice a correlation 
>in them, and make a sweeping statement of generality. I mean, you CAN, and 
>people HAVE, but that does not mean that it is a valid or reasonable thesis. 
>At best it's a gross oversimplification of the push-pull factors people 
>experience.  

I agree, I reckon it's television and the increase in fundamentalism.. You
think its the increase in pre-marital sex... others thinks its because
psychologists have taken over the criminal justice system and let violent
criminals con them into letting them out into the streets... others think
it's the increase in designer drugs... others think it's a communist plot.
Basically the social interactions of all the changing factors in our society
are far too complicated for us to control. We just have to hold on to the
panic handles and hope that we are heading for a soft landing. But one
things for sure, depression and the destruction of the nuclear family is not
due solely to sex out of marriage.

Jeff.

>> 
>>  Fred Rice <-- a Muslim, giving his point of view.
>>  darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au 

>cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu  

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51195
From: lmh@juliet.caltech.edu (Henling, Lawrence M.)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution

In article <1993Apr3.195642.25261@njitgw.njit.edu>, dmu5391@hertz.njit.edu (David Utidjian Eng.Sci.) writes...
>In article <31MAR199321091163@juliet.caltech.edu> lmh@juliet.caltech.edu (Henling, Lawrence M.) writes:
>	For a complete description of what is, and is not atheism
>or agnosticism see the FAQ for alt.atheism in alt.answers... I think.
>utidjian@remarque.berkeley.edu

 I apologize for posting this. I thought it was only going to talk.origins.
I also took my definitions from a 1938 Websters.
 Nonetheless, the apparent past arguments over these words imply that like
'bimonthly' and 'biweekly' they have no commonly accepted definitions and
should be used with care.

larry henling  lmh@shakes.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51196
From: karner@austin.ibm.com (F. Karner)
Subject: Re: Jews can't hide from keith@cco.


In article <1pj2b6$aaa@fido.asd.sgi.com>, livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
> In article <1993Apr3.033446.10669@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
> |> In article <1pint5$1l4@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
> |> >
> |> Deletions...
> |> Er, Jon, what Ken said was:
> |> 
> |>   There have previously been people like you in your country.  Unfortunately,
> |>                              ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> |>   most Jews did not survive.
> |> 
> |> That sure sounds to me like Ken is accusing the guy of being a Nazi.
> 
> Hitler and the Nazis didn't spring fully formed from the forehead
> of Athena.   They didn't invent anti-semitism.   They built on a 
> foundation of anti-semitism that was already present in Germany.   
> This foundation of anti-semitism was laid down, not by the Nazis, 
> but by the people I listed, and also by hundreds of years of unthinking, 
> knee-jerk bigotry, on the part of perfectly ordinary people, and, of
> course, their pastors and priests.
> 
> What we have to worry about today is not whether some Hollywood
> Hitler in a black uniform is going to come striding onto the German
> stage in one unprepared step, but whether those same bedrock foundations
> of anti-semitism are being laid down, little by little, in Germany,
> as we speak.
> 
> And if so, they will be laid down, not by Hitlers and Himmlers, who
> will come later, but by "people like" the poster in question.   The
> people who think that casual anti-semitism is acceptable, or even fun.
>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> 
Deletions...
> I did.     Now may I suggest, with the greatest possible respect, that
> you go read some history?
> 
> jon.

So, you consider the german poster's remark anti-semitic?  Perhaps you
imply that anyone in Germany who doesn't agree with israely policy in a
nazi?  Pray tell, how does it even qualify as "casual anti-semitism"? 
If the term doesn't apply, why then bring it up?

Your own bigotry is shining through.  
-- 

         DISCLAIMER: The opinions expressed in this posting are mine
            solely and do not represent my employer in any way.
       F. A. Karner AIX Technical Support | karner@austin.vnet.ibm.com

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51197
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Omnipotence (was Re: Speculations)

In article <1993Apr5.171143.828@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:

>God is effectively limited in the same sense.  He is all powerful, but
>He cannot use His power in a way that would violate the essence of what
>He, Himself is.

	Cannot? Try, will not.

---

        "One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that 
        say "Mom", because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more 
        virile men."

        Bobby Mozumder  ( snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu )
        April 4, 1993

        The one TRUE Muslim left in the world. 


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51198
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

In article <SUOPANKI.93Apr6024902@stekt6.oulu.fi> suopanki@stekt6.oulu.fi (Heikki T. Suopanki) writes:
>:> God is eternal.    [A = B]
>:> Jesus is God.      [C = A]
>:> Therefore, Jesus is eternal.  [C = B]
>
>:> This works both logically and mathematically.  God is of the set of
>:> things which are eternal.  Jesus is a subset of God.   Therefore
>:> Jesus belongs to the set of things which are eternal.
>
>Everything isn't always so logical....
>
>Mercedes is a car.
>That girl is Mercedes.
>Therefore, that girl is a car?

	This is not  strickly correct. Only by incorrect application of the 
rules of language, does it seem to work.

	The Mercedes in the first premis, and the one in the second are NOT 
the same Mercedes. 

	In your case, 

	A = B
	C = D
	
	A and D are NOT equal. One is a name of a person, the other the
name of a object. You can not simply extract a word without taking the 
context into account. 

	Of course, your case doesn't imply that A = D.

	In his case, A does equal D.


	Try again...

---

        "One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that 
        say "Mom", because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more 
        virile men."

        Bobby Mozumder  ( snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu )
        April 4, 1993

        The one TRUE Muslim left in the world. 


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51199
From: nrp@st-andrews.ac.uk (Norman R. Paterson)
Subject: Islam vs the Jehovah's Witnesses

In article <1993Apr2.223248.19014@Princeton.EDU> qpliu@princeton.edu writes:
>In article <1993Apr2.115300.803@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>>But God created Lucifer with a perfect nature and gave him along with
>>the other angels free moral will.
>
>>Now God could have prevented Lucifer's fall by taking away his ability
>>to choose between moral alternatives (worship God or worship himself),
>
>So Lucifer's moral choices are determined by his will.
>What determines what his will is?
>-- 
>qpliu@princeton.edu           Standard opinion: Opinions are delta-correlated.

Bobby-

A few posts ago you said that Lucifer had no free will.  From the above
it seems the JW believes the contrary.

Are you talking about the same Lucifer?

If so, can you suggest an experiment to determine which of you is wrong?

Or do you claim that you are both right?

-Norman

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51200
From: nrp@st-andrews.ac.uk (Norman R. Paterson)
Subject: Re: Had to share this

In article <1993Apr03.232325.23178@acme.gen.nz> kilroy@acme.gen.nz (earthbound misfit, I) writes:
>bena@dec07.cs.monash.edu.au (Ben Aveling) writes:
>
>> Warning - if you are anything like a devout Christian this post is
>> really going to offend and/or upset you.
>
>[...numerous Ctrl-Ls deleted...hehehe...]
>
>> I assume everyone here is familiar with the Christian `fish' symbol.
>> The one on the back of all those Volvos.
>> The one that looks (something) like
>>                __
>>               /  \/
>>               \__/\
>> 
>> Or perhaps more like () ?
>>                      '`
>> 
>> Well, I found out this morning where it comes from ...
>> 
>> It's been stolen from the pagans, like so much else ...
>> 
>> (Last last chance to be blisfully ignorant ;-]
>> 
>> Hmm, how can I put it.
>> 
>> Well, it comes from, this ...
>> 
>> 
>> 
>>                  __
>>                  \/
>>                  ()
>>              `__-'`-__'
>> 
>> 
>> 
>> Sigh, I hate drawing with ascii chars.
>> Still, I think you can work it out from there ...
>
>If you haven't, go read "Skinny Legs and All" by Tom Robbins. If he's even
>50% accurate then most of the modern religions have been "appropriated".
>It's also a great book.
>
>Followups to alt.atheism, whose readers are probably slightly more authorative
>on this.
>
>						- k
>-- 
>Craig Harding            kilroy@acme.gen.nz             ACME BBS +64 6 3551342
>"Jub'er lbh pnyyvat n obmb?"

Craig-

I thought it was derived from a Greek acronym.  My Greek isn't up to much, but
it goes something like this:

	Jesus Christ, God => Iesus CHristos, THeos => Ichthos

which is the Greek for "fish" (as in, eg "ichthysaurus").

Apologies for my dreadful Greek!  Perhaps someone will correct it.

By the way, what does your sig mean?

-Norman

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51201
From: nrp@st-andrews.ac.uk (Norman R. Paterson)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1993Apr5.020504.19326@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
[...]
>One of the reasons that you are atheist is that you limit God by giving
>God a form.  God does not have a "face".

Wait a minute.  I thought you said that Allah (I presume Allah == God) was unknowable,
and yet here you are claiming to know a very concrete fact about him.

You say that God does not have a "face".  Doesn't the bible say that God has hindparts?

How do you suggest I decide which (if any) of you is right?  Or are you both right?
God has hindparts but no face?  Or does your use of quotation marks:

	God does not have a "face".

allow you to interpret this to mean whatever you like?

>
>Peace,
>
>Bobby Mozumder

-Norman

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51202
From: qpliu@ernie.Princeton.EDU (q.p.liu)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

In article <1993Apr5.091139.823@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>In article <16BA5DA01.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de>, I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>> But could you give a definition of free will? Especially in the
>> presence of an omniscient being?

>"Will" is "self-determination".  In other words, God created conscious
>beings who have the ability to choose between moral choices independently
>of God.  All "will", therefore, is "free will".

So these hypothetical conscious beings can ignore any influences of
their circumstances (their genetics, their environment, their experiences)
which are not all self-determined?

(Of course, the idea of Hell makes the idea of "free will" dubious.
On the other hand, the idea of Hell is not a very powerful idea.

	"A Parable for You

	"There was once our main character who blah blah blah.
	"One day, a thug pointed a mean looking gun at OMC, and
said, 'Do what I say, or I'm blasting you to hell.'
	"OMC thought, 'If I believe this thug, and follow the
instructions that will be given, I'll avoid getting blasted to
hell.  On the other hand, if I believe this thug, and do not
follow the instructions that will be given, I'll get blasted to
hell.  Hmm... the more attractive choice is obvious, I'll
follow the instructions.'  Now, OMC found the choice obvious
because everything OMC had learned about getting blasted to
hell made it appear very undesirable.
	"But then OMC noticed that the thug's gun wasn't a real
gun.  The thug's threats were make believe.
	"So OMC ignored the thug and resumed blah blah blah.")
-- 
qpliu@princeton.edu           Standard opinion: Opinions are delta-correlated.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51203
From: west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

In article <kmr4.1433.734039535@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M.  
Ryan) writes:
> In article <1993Apr5.163050.13308@wam.umd.edu>  
west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:
> >In article <kmr4.1422.733983061@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M.  
> >Ryan) writes:
> >> In article <1993Apr5.025924.11361@wam.umd.edu>  
> >west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:
> >> 
> >> >THE ILLIAD IS THE UNDISPUTED WORD OF GOD(tm)    *prove me wrong*
> >> 
> >> 	I dispute it.
> >> 
> >> 	Ergo: by counter-example: you are proven wrong.
> >
> >	I dispute your counter-example
> >
> >	Ergo: by counter-counter-example: you are wrong and
> >	I am right so nanny-nanny-boo-boo TBBBBBBBTTTTTTHHHHH
> 
> 	No. The premis stated that it was undisputed. 
> 

Fine... THE ILLIAD IS THE WORD OF GOD(tm)  (disputed or not, it is)

Dispute that.  It won't matter.  Prove me wrong.

Brian West
--
THIS IS NOT A SIG FILE            *    -"To the Earth, we have been
THIS IS NOT A SIG FILE            *     here but for the blink of an
OK, SO IT'S A SIG FILE            *     eye, if we were gone tomorrow, 
posted by west@wam.umd.edu        *     we would not be missed."-  
who doesn't care who knows it.    *        (Jurassic Park) 
** DICLAIMER: I said this, I meant this, nobody made me do it.**

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51204
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

In article <1993Apr6.021635.20958@wam.umd.edu> west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:

>Fine... THE ILLIAD IS THE WORD OF GOD(tm)  (disputed or not, it is)
>
>Dispute that.  It won't matter.  Prove me wrong.

	The Illiad contains more than one word. Ergo: it can not be
the Word of God. 

	But, if you will humbly agree that it is the WORDS of God, I 
will conceed.

	:-D


---

        "One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that 
        say "Mom", because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more 
        virile men."

        Bobby Mozumder  ( snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu )
        April 4, 1993

        The one TRUE Muslim left in the world. 


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51205
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution
From: rfox@charlie.usd.edu (Rich Fox, Univ of South Dakota)

In article <1pik3i$1l4@fido.asd.sgi.com>, livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>In article <C4u51L.8Bv@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>|>
>|> 
>|> Why do you spend so much time posting here if your atheism is so
>|> incidental, if the question of God is trivial? Fess up, it matters to
>|> you a great deal.
>
>Ask yourself two questions.
>
>	1.   How important is Mithras in your life today?
>
>	2.   How important would Mithras become if there was a
>	     well funded group of fanatics trying to get the
>	     schools system to teach your children that Mithras
>	     was the one true God?
>
>jon.

Right on, Jon!  Who cares who or whose, as long as it works for the individual.
But don't try to impose those beliefs on us or our children.  I would add the
well-funded group tries also to purge science, to deny children access to great
wonders and skills.  And how about the kids born to creationists?  What a
burden with which to begin adult life.  It must be a cruel awakening for those
who finally see the light, provided it is possible to escape from the depths of
this type of ignorance.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51206
From: chrisb@tafe.sa.edu.au (Chris BELL)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:

>My syllogism is of the form:
>A is B.
>C is A.
>Therefore C is B.

>This is a logically valid construction.

>Your syllogism, however, is of the form:
>A is B.
>C is B.
>Therefore C is A.

>Therefore yours is a logically invalid construction, 
>and your comments don't apply.

>I appeal to Mathew (Mantis) here who wrote the excellent
>post (now part of the FAQ) on logical argument.

>Jim B.

I am not Mathew (Mantis) but any (successful) first year logic student will see that you are logically correct, the other poster is logically incorrect.

--
"I know" is nothing more than "I believe" with pretentions.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51208
From: ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles)
Subject: Re: Concerning God's Morality (was: Americans and Evolution)

In article <1993Apr2.155057.808@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
[why do babies get diseases, etc.]
>What God did create was life according to a protein code which is
>mutable and can evolve.  Without delving into a deep discussion of
>creationism vs evolutionism,

 Here's the (main) problem. The scenario you outline is reasonably 
consistent, but all the evidence that I am familiar with not only does
not support it, but indicates something far different. The Earth, by
latest estimates, is about 4.6 billion years old, and has had life for
about 3.5 billion of those years. Humans have only been around for (at
most) about 200,000 years. But, the fossil evidence inidcates that life
has been changing and evolving, and, in fact, disease-ridden, long before
there were people. (Yes, there are fossils that show signs of disease...
mostly bone disorders, of course, but there are some.) Heck, not just
fossil evidence, but what we've been able to glean from genetic study shows
that disease has been around for a long, long time. If human sin was what
brought about disease (at least, indirectly, though necessarily) then
how could it exist before humans?

>                             God created the original genetic code
>perfect and without flaw.  And without getting sidetracked into
>the theological ramifications of the original sin, the main effect
>of the so-called original sin for this discussion was to remove
>humanity from God's protection since by their choice A&E cut
>themselves off from intimate fellowship with God.  In addition, their
>sin caused them to come under the dominion of Satan, who then assumed
>dominion over the earth...
[deletions]
>Since humanity was no longer under God's protection but under Satan's
>dominion, it was no great feat for Satan to genetically engineer
>diseases, both bacterial/viral and genetic.  Although the forces of
>natural selection tend to improve the survivability of species, the
>degeneration of the genetic code tends to more than offset this.  

 Uh... I know of many evolutionary biologists, who know more about
biology than you claim to, who will strongly disagree with this. There
is no evidence that the human genetic code (or any other) 'started off'
in perfect condition. It seems to adapt to its envionment, in a
collective sense. I'm really curious as to what you mean by 'the
degeneration of the genetic code'.

>Human DNA, being more "complex", tends to accumulate errors adversely
>affecting our well-being and ability to fight off disease, while the 
>simpler DNA of bacteria and viruses tend to become more efficient in 
>causing infection and disease.  It is a bad combination.

 Umm. Nah, we seem to do a pretty good job of adapting to viruses and
bacteria, and they to us. Only a very small percentage of microlife is
harmful to humans... and that small percentage seems to be reasonalby
constant in size, but the ranks keep changing. For example, bubonic
plague used to be a really nasty disease, I'm sure you'll agree. But
it still pops up from time to time, even today... and doesn't do as
much damage. Part of that is because of better sanitation, but even
when people get the disease, the symptoms tend to be less severe than in
the past. This seems to be partly because people who were very susceptible
died off long ago, and because the really nasty variants 'overgrazed',
(forgive the poor terminology, I'm an engineer, not a doctor! :-> ) and
died off for lack of nearby hosts.
 I could be wrong on this, but from what I gather acne is only a few
hundred years old, and used to be nastier, though no killer. It seems to
be getting less nasty w/age...

>                                                          Hence
>we have newborns that suffer from genetic, viral, and bacterial
>diseases/disorders.

 Now, wait a minute. I have a question. Humans were created perfect, right?
And, you admit that we have an inbuilt abiliy to fight off disease. It
seems unlikely that Satan, who's making the diseases, would also gift
humans with the means to fight them off. Simpler to make the diseases less
lethal, if he wants survivors. As far as I can see, our immune systems,
imperfect though they may (presently?) be, must have been built into us
by God. I want to be clear on this: are you saying that God was planning
ahead for the time when Satan would be in charge by building an immune
system that was not, at the time of design, necessary? That is, God made
our immune systems ahead of time, knowing that Adam and Eve would sin and
their descendents would need to fight off diseases?

>This may be more of a mystical/supernatural explanation than you
>are prepared to accept, but God is not responsible for disease.
>Even if Satan had nothing to do with the original inception of
>disease, evolution by random chance would have produced them since
>humanity forsook God's protection.

 Here's another puzzle. What, exactly, do you mean by 'perfect' in the
phrase, 'created... perfect and without flaw'? To my mind, a 'perfect'
system would be incapable of degrading over time. A 'perfect' system
that will, without constant intervention, become imperfect is *not* a
perfect system. At least, IMHO.
 Or is it that God did something like writing a masterpiece novel on a
bunch of gum wrappers held together with Elmer's glue? That is, the
original genetic 'instructions' were perfect, but were 'written' in
inferior materials that had to be carefully tended or would fall apart?
If so, why could God not have used better materials?
 Was God *incapable* of creating a system that could maintain itself,
of did It just choose not to?

[deletions]
>In summary, newborns are innocent, but God does not cause their suffering.

 My main point, as I said, was that there really isn't any evidence for
the explanation you give. (At least, that I'm aware of.) But, I couldn't
help making a few nitpicks here and there. :->

Sincerely,

Ray Ingles                  || The above opinions are probably
                            || not those of the University of
ingles@engin.umich.edu      || Michigan. Yet.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51209
From: ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles)
Subject: Re: Concerning God's Morality (long)

In article <1993Apr5.084042.822@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>In article <1993Apr3.095220.24632@leland.Stanford.EDU>, galahad@leland.Stanford.EDU (Scott Compton) writes:
[deletions]
>> Now, back to your post.  You have done a fine job at using 
>> your seventh grade 'life science' course to explain why
>> bad diseases are caused by Satan and good things are a 
>> result of God.  But I want to let you in on a little secret.
>> "We can create an amino acid sequence in lab! -- And guess
>> what, the sequence curls into a helix!  Wow!  That's right,
>> it can happen without a supernatural force." 
>
>Wow!  All it takes is a few advanced science degrees and millions
>of dollars of state of the art equipment.  And I thought it took
>*intelligence* to create the building blocks of life.  Foolish me!

 People with advanced science degrees use state of the art equipment
and spend millions of dollars to simulate tornadoes. But tornadoes
do not require intelligence to exist.
 Not only that, the equipment needed is not really 'state of the art.'
To study the *products*, yes, but not to generate them.

>If you want to be sure that I read your post and to provide a
>response, send a copy to Jim_Brown@oz.bmd.trw.com.  I can't read
>a.a. every day, and some posts slip by.  Thanks.
 
 Oh, I will. :->

Sincerely,

Ray Ingles                  || The above opinions are probably
                            || not those of the University of
ingles@engin.umich.edu      || Michigan. Yet.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51210
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

>DATE:   5 Apr 1993 23:32:28 GMT
>FROM:   Jon Livesey <livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com>
>
>In article <114127@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>|> 
>|> I don't understand the point of this petty sarcasm. It is a basic 
>|> principle of Islam that if one is born muslim or one says "I testify
>|> that there is no god but God and Mohammad is a prophet of God" that,
>|> so long as one does not explicitly reject Islam by word then one _must_
>|> be considered muslim by all muslims. So the phenomenon you're attempting
>|> to make into a general rule or psychology is a direct odds with basic
>|> Islamic principles. If you want to attack Islam you could do better than
>|> than to argue against something that Islam explicitly contradicts.
>
>Then Mr Mozumder is incorrect when he says that when committing
>bad acts, people temporarily become atheists?
>
>jon.

Of course B.M. is not incorrect.  He is defending Islam.  When defending
Islam against infidels you can say anything and no one will dare criticize
you.  But when an atheist uses the same argument he is using "petty sarcasm".  So
B.M. can have his "temporary atheists" whenever he needs them and all the
"temporary atheists" can later say that they were always good Muslims because
they never explicitly rejected Islam.  

Temporary atheism, temporary Islam, temporary marriage.  None of it sticks.  
A teflon religion.  How convenient.  And so easy to clean up after.  But 
then, what would you expect from a bunch of people who can't even agree on 
the phases of the moon?



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51211
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Concerning God's Morality (long)

This kind of argument cries for a comment...

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com wrote:
: In article <1993Apr3.095220.24632@leland.Stanford.EDU>, galahad@leland.Stanford.EDU (Scott Compton) writes:

Jim, you originally wrote:
 
: >>...God did not create
: >>disease nor is He responsible for the maladies of newborns.
: > 
: >>What God did create was life according to a protein code which is
: >>mutable and can evolve.  Without delving into a deep discussion of
: >>creationism vs evolutionism, God created the original genetic code
: >>perfect and without flaw. 
: >  ~~~~~~~     ~~~~~~~ ~~~~

Do you have any evidence for this? If the code was once perfect, and
has degraded ever since, we _should_ have some evidence in favour
of this statement, shouldn't we?

Perhaps the biggest "imperfection" of the code is that it is full
of non-coding regions, introns, which are so called because they
intervene with the coding regions (exons). An impressive amount of
evidence suggests that introns are of very ancient origin; it is
likely that early exons represented early protein domains.

Is the number of introns decreasing or increasing? It appears that
intron loss can occur, and species with common ancestry usually
have quite similar exon-intron structure in their genes. 

On the other hand, the possibility that introns have been inserted
later, presents several logical difficulties. Introns are removed
by a splicing mechanism - this would have to be present, but unused,
if introns are inserted. Moreover, intron insertion would have
required _precise_ targeting - random insertion would not be tolerated,
since sequences for intron removal (self-splicing of mRNA) are
conserved. Besides, transposition of a sequence usually leaves a
trace - long terminal repeats and target - site duplications, and
these are not found in or near intron sequences. 

I seriously recommend reading textbooks on molecular biology and
genetics before posting "theological arguments" like this. 
Try Watson's Molecular Biology of the Gene or Darnell, Lodish
& Baltimore's Molecular Biology of the Cell for starters.

: Remember, the question was posed in a theological context (Why does
: God cause disease in newborns?), and my answer is likewise from a
: theological perspective -- my own.  It is no less valid than a purely
: scientific perspective, just different.

Scientific perspective is supported by the evidence, whereas 
theological perspectives often fail to fulfil this criterion.
 
: I think you misread my meaning.  I said God made the genetic code perfect,
: but that doesn't mean it's perfect now.  It has certainly evolved since.

For the worse? Would you please cite a few references that support
your assertion? Your assertion is less valid than the scientific
perspective, unless you support it by some evidence.

In fact, it has been claimed that parasites and diseases are perhaps
more important than we've thought - for instance, sex might
have evolved as defence against parasites. (This view is supported by
computer simulations of evolution, eg Tierra.) 
 
: Perhaps.  I thought it was higher energy rays like X-rays, gamma
: rays, and cosmic rays that caused most of the damage.

In fact, it is thermal energy that does most of the damage, although
it is usually mild and easily fixed by enzymatic action. 

: Actually, neither of us "knows" what the atmosphere was like at the
: time when God created life.  According to my recollection, most
: biologists do not claim that life began 4 billion years ago -- after
: all, that would only be a half billion years or so after the earth
: was created.  It would still be too primitive to support life.  I
: seem to remember a figure more like 2.5 to 3 billion years ago for
: the origination of life on earth.  Anyone with a better estimate?

I'd replace "created" with "formed", since there is no need to 
invoke any creator if the Earth can be formed without one.
Most recent estimates of the age of the Earth range between 4.6 - 4.8
billion years, and earliest signs of life (not true fossils, but
organic, stromatolite-like layers) date back to 3.5 billion years.
This would leave more than billion years for the first cells to
evolve.

I'm sorry I can't give any references, this is based on the course
on evolutionary biochemistry I attended here. 

: >>dominion, it was no great feat for Satan to genetically engineer
: >>diseases, both bacterial/viral and genetic.  Although the forces of
: >>natural selection tend to improve the survivability of species, the
: >>degeneration of the genetic code tends to more than offset this.  

Again, do you _want_ this be true, or do you have any evidence for
this supposed "degeneration"? 

I can understand Scott's reaction:

: > Excuse me, but this is so far-fetched that I know you must be
: > jesting.  Do you know what pathogens are?  Do you know what 
: > Point Mutations are?  Do you know that EVERYTHING CAN COME
: > ABOUT SPONTANEOUSLY?!!!!!  
: 
: In response to your last statement, no, and neither do you.
: You may very well believe that and accept it as fact, but you
: cannot *know* that.

I hope you don't forget this: We have _evidence_ that suggests 
everything can come about spontaneously. Do you have evidence against
this conclusion? In science, one does not have to _believe_ in 
anything. It is a healthy sign to doubt and disbelieve. But the 
right path to walk is to take a look at the evidence if you do so,
and not to present one's own conclusions prior to this. 

Theology does not use this method. Therefore, I seriously doubt
it could ever come to right conclusions.

: >>Human DNA, being more "complex", tends to accumulate errors adversely
: >>affecting our well-being and ability to fight off disease, while the 
: >>simpler DNA of bacteria and viruses tend to become more efficient in 
: >>causing infection and disease.  It is a bad combination.  Hence
: >>we have newborns that suffer from genetic, viral, and bacterial
: >>diseases/disorders.

You are supposing a purpose, not a valid move. Bacteria and viruses
do not exist to cause disease. They are just another manifests of
a general principle of evolution - only replication saves replicators
from degradiation. We are just an efficient method for our DNA to 
survive and replicate. The less efficient methods didn't make it 
to the present. 

And for the last time.  Please present some evidence for your claim that
human DNA is degrading through evolutionary processes. Some people have
claimed that the opposite is true - we have suppressed our selection,
and thus are bound to degrade. I haven't seen much evidence for either
claim.
 
: But then I ask, So?  Where is this relevant to my discussion in
: answering John's question of why?  Why are there genetic diseases,
: and why are there so many bacterial and viral diseases which require
: babies to develop antibodies.  Is it God's fault? (the original
: question) -- I say no, it is not.

Of course, nothing "evil" is god's fault.  But your explanation does
not work, it fails miserably.
 
: You may be right.  But the fact is that you don't know that
: Satan is not responsible, and neither do I.
: 
: Suppose that a powerful, evil being like Satan exists.  Would it
: be inconceivable that he might be responsible for many of the ills
: that affect mankind?  I don't think so.

He could have done a much better Job. (Pun intended.) The problem is,
it seems no Satan is necessary to explain any diseases, they are
just as inevitable as any product of evolution.

: Did I say that?  Where?  Seems to me like another bad inference.
: Actually what you've done is to oversimplify what I said to the
: point that your summary of my words takes on a new context.  I
: never said that people are "meant" (presumably by God) "to be
: punished by getting diseases".  Why I did say is that free moral
: choices have attendent consequences.  If mankind chooses to reject
: God, as people have done since the beginning, then they should not
: expect God to protect them from adverse events in an entropic
: universe.

I am not expecting this. If god exists, I expect him to leave us alone.
I would also like to hear why do you believe your choices are indeed
free. This is an interesting philosophical question, and the answer
is not as clear-cut as it seems to be.

What consequences would you expect from rejecting Allah?
  
: Oh, I admit it's not perfect (yet).  But I'm working on it.  :)

A good library or a bookstore is a good starting point.

: What does this have to do with the price of tea in China, or the
: question to which I provided an answer?  Biology and Genetics are
: fine subjects and important scientific endeavors.  But they explain
: *how* God created and set up life processes.  They don't explain
: the why behind creation, life, or its subsequent evolution.

Why is there a "why behind"? And your proposition was something
that is not supported by the evidence. This is why we recommend
these books.

Is there any need to invoke any why behind, a prime mover? Evidence
for this? If the whole universe can come into existence without
any intervention, as recent cosmological theories (Hawking et al)
suggest, why do people still insist on this?
 
: Thanks Scotty, for your fine and sagely advice.  But I am
: not highly motivated to learn all the nitty-gritty details
: of biology and genetics, although I'm sure I'd find it a
: fascinating subject.  For I realize that the details do
: not change the Big Picture, that God created life in the
: beginning with the ability to change and adapt to its
: environment.

I'm sorry, but they do. There is no evidence for your big picture,
and no need to create anything that is capable of adaptation.
It can come into existence without a Supreme Being.

Try reading P.W. Atkins' Creation Revisited (Freeman, 1992).

Petri
--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51212
From: guncer@enuxha.eas.asu.edu (Selim Guncer )
Subject: Re: Islam & Dress Code for women

In article <16BA7103C3.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>In article <1993Apr5.091258.11830@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
>darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
> 
>>(2) Do women have souls in Islam?
>>
>>People have said here that some Muslims say that women do not have
>>souls.  I must admit I have never heard of such a view being held by
>>Muslims of any era.  I have heard of some Christians of some eras
>>holding this viewpoint, but not Muslims.  Are you sure you might not be
>>confusing Christian history with Islamic history?
>>
> 
>Yes, it is supposed to have been a predominant view in the Turkish
>Caliphate.
> 

I am not aware of any "Turkish Caliphate" viewpoint on this. Can you
reference?

However, I found a quote due to Imam Ali, whom the Shias follow:

"Men, never obey your women in any way whatsoever. Never let them give their
advice on any matter whatsoever, even those of everyday life. Indeed, allow
them freely to give advice on anything and they will fritter away one's
wealth and disobey the wishes of the owner of this wealth.
  We see them without religion, when, alone, they are left to their own
devices; they are lacking in both pity and virtue when their carnal
desires are at stake. It is easy to enjoy them, but they cause great
anxiety. The most virtious among them are libertines. But the most
corrupt are whores. Only those of them whom age has deprived of any
charm are untainted by vice. They have three qualities particular to
miscreants; they complain of being oppressed, whereas it is they
who oppress; they make oaths, whereas they are lying; they pretend
to refuse men's solicitations, whereas they desire them most ardently.
Let us beg the help of God to emerge victorious from their evil deeds.
And preserve us in any case from their good ones."

(Quote from Mas'ud al-Qanawi, ref. A. Bouhdiba, Sexuality in Islam, 
p. 118).

I wouldn't consider this quote as being exemplary of the Islamic (TM)
viewpoint though.  For all we know, the prophet's cousin and
the Fourth Khalif Hazret-i Ali may have said this after a frustrating 
night with a woman.

Selim Guncer

--
Selim E. Guncer               | Jaca negra, luna grande,
CSSER-ASU                     | y aceitunas en mi alforja.
(602)-965-4096                | Aunque sepa los caminos
guncer@enuxha.eas.asu.edu     | yo nunca llegare a Cordoba.. (FGL)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51213
From: jen187@its.CSIRO.AU (Graham Jenkins +61 6 276 6812)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women


In article <1993Apr5.023044.19580@ultb.isc.rit.edu>, snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:


|> 
|> That's your mistake.  It would be better for the children if the mother
|> raised the child.
|> 
|> One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that say "Mom",
|> because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more virile men.
|> Compare that with how homos are raised.  Do a study and you will get my
|> point.
|> 
|> But in no way do you have a claim that it would be better if the men
|> stayed home and raised the child.  That is something false made up by
|> feminists that seek a status above men.  You do not recognize the fact
|> that men and women have natural differences.  Not just physically, but
|> mentally also.
|> 

Bobby, there's a question here that I just HAVE to ask. If all
of your posts aren't some sort of extended, elaborate hoax, why
are you trying so hard to convince the entire civilised world
that you're feeble minded? You have a talent for saying the most
absurd things. Here's a little sign for you, print it, cut it out
and put it on top of your computer/terminal.

              ENGAGE BRAIN PRIOR TO OPERATING KEYBOARD


(Having said all that, I must admit we all get a laugh from
your stuff.)




-- 

|  Graham Jenkins          |  graham.jenkins@its.csiro.au           | 
|  CSIRO                   |  (Commonwealth Scientific & Industrial | 
|  Canberra,  AUSTRALIA    |  Research Organisation)                |

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51214
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Jews can't hide from keith@cco.

In article <C51DAq.2Fqs@austin.ibm.com>, karner@austin.ibm.com (F. Karner) writes:
>
> So, you consider the german poster's remark anti-semitic? 

When someone says:

	"So after 1000 years of sightseeing and roaming around its 
	ok to come back, kill Palastinians, and get their land back, 
	right?"

Yes, that's casual antisemitism.    I can think of plenty of ways
to criticize Israeli policy without insulting Jews or Jewish history.

Can't you?

jon 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51215
From: chrisb@tafe.sa.edu.au (Chris BELL)
Subject: Re: Don't more innocents die without the death penalty?

"James F. Tims" <p00168@psilink.com> writes:

>By maintaining classes D and E, even in prison, it seems as if we 
>place more innocent people at a higher risk of an unjust death than 
>we would if the state executed classes D and E with an occasional error.

I would rather be at a higher risk of being killed than actually killed by
                              ^^^^                      ^^^^^^^^
mistake.  Though I do agree with the concept that the type D and E murderers
are a massive waste of space and resources I don't agree with the concept:

	killing is wrong
	if you kill we will punish you
	our punishment will be to kill you.

Seems to be lacking in consistency.

--
"I know" is nothing more than "I believe" with pretentions.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51216
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Islam & Dress Code for women

In article <1993Apr6.030734.28563@ennews.eas.asu.edu>, guncer@enuxha.eas.asu.edu (Selim Guncer ) writes:
>
> I wouldn't consider this quote as being exemplary of the Islamic 
> (TM) viewpoint though.  For all we know, the prophet's cousin and
> the Fourth Khalif Hazret-i Ali may have said this after a 
> frustrating night with a woman.

That's very interesting.    I wonder, are women's reactions
recorded after a frustrating night with a man?   Is that
considered to be important?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51217
From: ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles)
Subject: Re: There must be a creator! (Maybe)

In article <1993Apr2.144909.806@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>In article <1993Apr2.165032.3356@bradford.ac.uk>, L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham) writes:
[deletions]
>>...Argument from incredulity has not been considered a valid form of
>> reasoning since medieval times.
[deletions]
>Interesting that you should mention that "Argument from incredulity has
>not been considered a valid form of reasoning since medieval times."  I
>quite agree.  Why then, do some atheists here engage in it?  More than
>a few times I have read posts where the atheists posting state that
>they 'cannot see how a gracious and loving God can allow such evil and
>suffering to occur as we see on the earth.'  Simply because they cannot
>envision it, it must not be true.  If this is not an argument from
>incredulity, I don't know what is!

 As you have presented it, it is indeed an argument from incredulity.
However, from what I have seen, it is not often presented in this manner.
It is usually presented more in the form, "And *besides*, I cannot see...
...nor have I ever been offered a convincing explanation."
 Moreover, it is not unreasonable to ask for an explanation for such
phenomena. That theism does not provide a convincing explanation is not
an argument in theism's favor. Especially when different theisms offer 
different explanations, and even different adherents of what is purportedly
the same theism give different explanations...

>                                    God has far more complex motivations
>and reasons for action or non-action than to simply "fix" evil whenever
>and however it occurs, or even *before* it occurs.  And yet, it is this
>very same argument from incredulity which ranks high among reasons
>why atheists (in general) reject God and in particular the Christian God.

 Not im my experience. In my experience, the most common reason is the
lack of evidence in theism's favor. You mileage may vary. :->

>This seems to be the universal bane of human reasoning and rationality, 
>to wit, that it is far easier to see the logical fallacy or inept reasoning 
>on the part of one's opponents than it is to see it in oneself.

 Oh, heck, I'll be snide this once. :-> It's also fairly easy to attack
arguments that are not made. (I.e. 'strawmen'.)

>As one Man of Wisdom put it, take the log out of your own eye before you 
>try to remove the splinter from your neighbor's eye.

 Sage advice indeed.

 Sincerely,

 Raymond Ingles                       ingles@engin.umich.edu

 "An apple every eight hours keeps three doctors away." - B. Kliban

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51218
From: ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au (Jeffrey Clark)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:

>mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:

>>>Perhaps we shouldn't imprision people if we could watch them closely
>>>instead.  The cost would probably be similar, especially if we just
>>>implanted some sort of electronic device.
>>Why wait until they commit the crime?  Why not implant such devices in
>>potential criminals like Communists and atheists?

>Sorry, I don't follow your reasoning.  You are proposing to punish people
>*before* they commit a crime?  What justification do you have for this?

No, Mathew is proposing a public defence mechanism, not treating the
electronic device as an impropriety on the wearer. What he is saying is that
the next step beyond what you propose is the permanent bugging of potential
criminals.  This may not, on the surface, sound like a bad thing, but who
defines what a potential criminal is? If the government of the day decides
that being a member of an opposition party makes you a potential criminal
then openly defying the government becomes a lethal practice, this is not
conducive to a free society.

Mathew is saying that implanting electronic surveillance devices upon people
is an impropriety upon that person, regardless of what type of crime or
what chance of recidivism there is. Basically you see the criminal justice
system as a punishment for the offender and possibly, therefore, a deterrant
to future offenders. Mathew sees it, most probably, as a means of
rehabilitation for the offender. So he was being cynical at you, okay?

Jeff.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51219
From: JDB1145@tamvm1.tamu.edu
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

In article <65934@mimsy.umd.edu>
mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
 
>
>Nanci Ann Miller writes:
>
]The "corrupted over and over" theory is pretty weak.  Comparison of the
]current hebrew text with old versions and translations shows that the text
]has in fact changed very little over a space of some two millennia.  This
]shouldn't be all that suprising; people who believe in a text in this manner
]are likely to makes some pains to make good copies.
 
Tell it to King James, mate.
 
]C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
]                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
]mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
]tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."
 
 
John Burke, jdb1145@summa.tamu.edu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51220
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Islamic marriage?

>DATE:   Tue, 6 Apr 1993 00:11:49 GMT
>FROM:   F. Karner <karner@austin.ibm.com>
>
>In article <1993Apr2.103237.4627@Cadence.COM>, mas@Cadence.COM (Masud Khan) writes:
>> In article <C4qAv2.24wG@austin.ibm.com> karner@austin.ibm.com (F. Karner) writes:
>> >
>> >Okay.  So you want me to name names?  There are obviously no official
>> >records of these pseudo-marriages because they are performed for
>> >convenience.  What happens typically is that the woman is willing to move
>> >in with her lover without any scruples or legal contracts to speak of. 
>> >The man is merely utilizing a loophole by entering into a temporary
>> >religious "marriage" contract in order to have sex.  Nobody complains,
>> >nobody cares, nobody needs to know.
>> >
>> >Perhaps you should alert your imam.  It could be that this practice is
>> >far more widespread than you may think.  Or maybe it takes 4 muslim men
>> >to witness the penetration to decide if the practice exists!
>> >-- 
>> >
>> 
>> Again you astound me with the level of ignorance you display, Muslims
>> are NOT allowed to enter temporary marriages, got that? There is
>> no evidence for it it an outlawed practise so get your facts 
>> straight buddy. Give me references for it or just tell everyone you
>> were lying. It is not a widespread as you may think (fantasise) in
>> fact contrary to your fantasies it is not practised at all amongst
>> Muslims.

Did you miss my post on this topic with the quote from The Indonesian
Handbook and Fred Rice's comments about temporary marriages?  If so, 
I will be glad to repost them.  Will you accept that it just may be 
a practice among some Muslims, if I do?  Or will you continue to claim
that we are all lying and that it is "not practised at all amongst Muslims".

I don't think F. Karner has to tell everyone anything.  Least of all that
he is lying.

Since you obviously know nothing about this practice, there is very little
you can contribute to the discussion except to accuse everyone of lying.
Perhaps it is your ignorance which is showing.  Learn more about Islam.
Learn more about Muslims.  Open your eyes.  Maybe you will also see some
of the things the atheists see.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51221
Subject: Re: Don't more innocents die without the death penalty?
From: lippard@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)

In article <chrisb.734068710@bAARNie>, chrisb@tafe.sa.edu.au (Chris BELL) writes...
>	killing is wrong
>	if you kill we will punish you
>	our punishment will be to kill you.
> 
>Seems to be lacking in consistency.

Not any more so than

      holding people against their will is wrong
      if you hold people against their will we will punish you
      our punishment will be to hold you against your will

Is there any punishment which isn't something which, if done by a private
person to another private person for no apparent reason, would lead to
punishment?  (Fines, I suppose.)

Jim Lippard              Lippard@CCIT.ARIZONA.EDU
Dept. of Philosophy      Lippard@ARIZVMS.BITNET
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51222
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses
From: lippard@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)

In article <kmr4.1444.734058912@po.CWRU.edu>, kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes...
>In article <SUOPANKI.93Apr6024902@stekt6.oulu.fi> suopanki@stekt6.oulu.fi (Heikki T. Suopanki) writes:
>>:> God is eternal.    [A = B]
>>:> Jesus is God.      [C = A]
>>:> Therefore, Jesus is eternal.  [C = B]
>>
>>:> This works both logically and mathematically.  God is of the set of
>>:> things which are eternal.  Jesus is a subset of God.   Therefore
>>:> Jesus belongs to the set of things which are eternal.

The first premise and the conclusion are not properly translated as identity
statements, since the "is" in those statements is the "is" of predication
rather than of identity.  Instead, they should be translated using a
predicate letter.  Using "g" to designate God and "j" to designate Jesus,
and the predicate letter "E" for the property of being eternal, the
first premise is Eg and the conclusion is Ej.
    The second premise appears to contain an "is" of identity, in which
case it can be properly symbolized as j = g.  But your remark that "Jesus
is a subset of God" suggests that strict identity is not desired here.
If, however, the first premise means that all members making up the set
God have the property of being eternal, the same conclusion follows.

Jim Lippard              Lippard@CCIT.ARIZONA.EDU
Dept. of Philosophy      Lippard@ARIZVMS.BITNET
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51223
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses
From: lippard@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)

In article <chrisb.734064380@bAARNie>, chrisb@tafe.sa.edu.au (Chris BELL) writes...
>jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
> 
>>My syllogism is of the form:
>>A is B.
>>C is A.
>>Therefore C is B.
> 
>>This is a logically valid construction.
> 
>>Your syllogism, however, is of the form:
>>A is B.
>>C is B.
>>Therefore C is A.
> 
>>Therefore yours is a logically invalid construction, 
>>and your comments don't apply.

If all of those are "is"'s of identity, both syllogisms are valid.
If, however, B is a predicate, then the second syllogism is invalid.
(The first syllogism, as you have pointed out, is valid--whether B
is a predicate or designates an individual.)

Jim Lippard              Lippard@CCIT.ARIZONA.EDU
Dept. of Philosophy      Lippard@ARIZVMS.BITNET
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51224
From: stank@cbnewsl.cb.att.com (Stan Krieger)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

student writes:

>Somewhere, roger colin shouse writes about "radical gay dogma."  Somewhere else
>he claims not to claim to have a claim to knowing those he doesn't know.
>There are at least twenty instances of this kind of muddleheaded fourth-
>reich-sophistique shit in his postings.  Maybe more.  In fact I'm not sure
>the instances could be counted, because they reproduce like a virus the more
>you consider his words.
>	My question is this: what is the best response to weasels like
>shouse and Stan Krieger?  Possibilities:
>	(a) study them dispassionately and figure out how they work, then
>(1) remember what you've learned so as to combat them when they or their clones
>get into office
>(2) contribute your insights to your favorite abnormal psych ward
>	(b) learn to overcome your repugnance for serial murder

This posting is totally uncalled for in rec.scouting.

The point has been raised and has been answered.  Roger and I have
clearly stated our support of the BSA position on the issue;
specifically, that homosexual behavior constitutes a violation of
the Scout Oath (specifically, the promise to live "morally straight").

There is really nothing else to discuss.  Trying to cloud the issue
with comparisons to Blacks or other minorities is also meaningless
because it's like comparing apples to oranges (i.e., people can't
control their race but they can control their behavior).

What else is there to possibly discuss on rec.scouting on this issue?
Nobody, including BSA, is denying anybody the right to live and/or
worship as they please or don't please,  but it doesn't mean that BSA
is the big bad wolf for adhering to the recognized, positive, religious
and moral standards on which our society has been established and on
which it should continue to be based.
-- 
Stan Krieger                 All opinions, advice, or suggestions, even
UNIX System Laboratories     if related to my employment, are my own.
Summit, NJ
smk@usl.com

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51225
From: davidk@welch.jhu.edu (David "Go-Go" Kitaguchi)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

In article 65934@mimsy.umd.edu, mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
:PNanci Ann Miller writes:
:P
:P>My favorite reply to the "you are being too literal-minded" complaint is
:P>that if the bible is really inspired by God and if it is really THAT
:P>important to him, then he would make damn certain all the translators and
:P>scribes and people interpreting and copying it were getting it right,
:P>literally.  If not, then why should I put ANY merit at all in something
:P>that has been corrupted over and over and over by man even if it was
:P>originally inspired by God?
:P
:PThe "corrupted over and over" theory is pretty weak.  Comparison of the
:Pcurrent hebrew text with old versions and translations shows that the text
:Phas in fact changed very little over a space of some two millennia.  This
:Pshouldn't be all that suprising; people who believe in a text in this manner
:Pare likely to makes some pains to make good copies.

Well corrupted the first time is good enough.  Seeing that the bible was constructed
400 years after Jesus's death, in the text of merchants (ie-owe this and owe that) I wonder how anyone can take the literal word seriously.  Obviously it was not intended for such nonsense, otherwise the authors of the bible would not need to plagerize (sp)
off of the Asians for most of the contents that can be interperated to make sense.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51226
From: davidk@welch.jhu.edu (David "Go-Go" Kitaguchi)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution


:P>My atheism is incidental, and the question of "God" is trivial.
:P
:P>But........
:P
:P>It matters a great deal to me when idiots try to force their belief on me,
:P>when they try to enforce their creation myths to be taught as scientific
:P>fact in school, when they tell me I can have no morals because morals are
:P>from "God", when a successful presidential candidate says that an atheist
:P>shouldn't be considered a citizen and couldn't be patriotic because "after
:P>all this is one nation under God", when the fundies try to take over the
:P>party that may well provide the next President of The United States of
:P>America so that they can force their beliefs on the rest of the country,
:P>et cetera..........
:P
:P>That's why I subscribe to alt.atheism.
:P
:P>And in the middle of this, people who aren't mind readers pop up on
:P>alt.atheism to tell me what I do or don't believe, or to concoct some
:P>straw-man reason why I don't share their particular belief.
:P
:P>You think I should just accept this?
:P
:P>This isn't particularly a dig at fundamentalist christians. I have been
:P>told on alt.atheism that I reject Allah because I am too proud to embrace
:P>islam, and that I reject Krishna because my eyes are closed. But most of
:P>the religious nuts who post on alt.atheism are some kind of militant
:P>christian who can't accept that others don't share their beliefs. This
:P>kind of stuff should be kept on talk.religion.misc, where it belongs.
:P
:P>ATHEISM ISN'T A BELIEF, IT'S THE ABSENCE OF BELIEF IN ANY GODS.
:P>                                 -------
:P
:P>Do you have a problem with this?
:P
:P>>
:P>>Bill
:PFirst, I would like to say that atheism is in fact a belief.  It is a beilief
:Pbecause a belief in something you hold to with ador and faith.  An atheist says there are no gods.  This cannot be proven. therefore you are excepting this on
:Pfaith alone.  That is a belief.  Secondly, you complain so much about how the 
:Pfundamental christians are trying to force their beliefs on you, but you don't
:Pmention anything about how the atheists, such as; Madamme Murry O'hare(founder
:Pof the Atheists Association in Austin Texas), and Robert Sherman(from the       Chicago area) have been trying to force their beliefs on everyone by trying to  get rid of God from our society by banning religious paintings from parks during Chistmas,  forcing cities to change their town seals if there is any mention of God in it (like Sherman has done), or trying to get the slogan "In God We Trust" off of the American currency? You also talk about creation "myths" as if they are in fact myths and tha
:P
:P
:P 
:Phave concrete evidece of this.  You probably
:Pdon't and that just enforces my point that your atheism is just as much belief as my christianity.  If this is not so please do show me why it isn't.  
:PMark Covalt 

The only real problem I have with the argument of christianity is that they seem to ignore their origin that being Asiatic in origin.  As soon as christians become the 
good non ego-centric Buddhists they are supposed to be, then I might listen.

My opinion, I speak not for my place of employment... But I should...
"Christ was over-rated, and will the ATF follow Koresh (the current Christ) through
his ascention to heaven?"

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51227
From: bevans@carina.unm.edu (Mathemagician)
Subject: Re: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Introduction to Atheism

I have an addition to the FAQ regarding "why are there no atheist
hospitals."

If I recall correctly, Johns Hopkins was built to provide medical
services without the "backing" of a religious group...thus making it a
hospital "dedicated to the glory of [weak] atheism."

Might someone check up on this?

-- 
Brian Evans                |     "Bad mood, bad mood...Sure I'm in a bad mood!
bevans@carina.unm.edu      |      I haven't had sex...*EVER!*" -- Virgin Mary

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51228
From: naren@tekig1.PEN.TEK.COM (Naren Bala)
Subject: Re: Theists posting

In article <C4ux99.AIC@ra.nrl.navy.mil> khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil (Umar Khan) writes:

Stuff deleted 

>Is there a concordance for the FAQ?  WHich translation is considered
>most authoritative?  Is there an orthodox commentary for the FAQ
>available?  Is there one FAQ for militant atheists and another for
>moderate atheists; or, do you all read from the same FAQ?  If so,
>how do you resolve differences of interpretation?

Hmmmmmmmmmmmm.............................................         
I can put the same question to followers of any religion. How do you
Moslems resolve differences of opinion ?? Don't tell me that there
is one interpretation of the Quran. Read the soc.culture.* newsgroups.
You will zillions of different interpretations.

-- Naren
naren@TEKIG1.PEN.TEK.COM 

All standard disclaimers apply


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51229
From: naren@tekig1.PEN.TEK.COM (Naren Bala)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

>snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
> More horrible deaths resulted from atheism than anything else.
>

LIST OF KILLINGS IN THE NAME OF RELIGION 
1. Iran-Iraq War: 1,000,000
2. Civil War in Sudan: 1,000,000
3, Riots in India-Pakistan in 1947: 1,000,000
4. Massacares in Bangladesh in 1971: 1,000,000
5. Inquistions in America in 1500s: x million (x=??)
6. Crusades: ??

I am sure that people can add a lot more to the list.
I wonder what Bobby has to say about the above. 
Standard Excuses will not be accepted.
-- Naren

All standard disclaimers apply


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51230
From: richard@harlqn.co.uk (Richard Brooksby)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu> writes:

> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
> > More horrible deaths resulted from atheism than anything else.
>
> There are definitely quite a few horrible deaths as the result of
> both atheists AND theists.  ...  Perhaps, since I'm a bit weak on
> history, somone here would like to give a list of wars caused/led by
> theists? ...

This thread seems to be arguing the validity of a religious viewpoint
according to some utilitarian principle, i.e. atheism/religion is
wrong because it causes death.  The underlying `moral' is that death
is `wrong'.  This is a rather arbitrary measure of validity.

Get some epistemology.
---
richard@harlequin.com		  (Internet)
richard@harlequin.co.uk           (Internet)
RPTB1@UK.AC.CAMBRIDGE.PHOENIX     (JANET)
Zen Buddhist

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51231
From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: Radical Agnostic... NOT!

[reply to zazen@austin.ibm.com (E. H. Welbon)]
 
>>>     There is no means that i can possibly think of to prove beyond doubt
>>>that a god does not exist (but if anyone has one, by all means, tell me
>>>what it is).  Therefore, lacking this ability of absolute proof, being an
>>>atheist becomes an act of faith in and of itself, and this I cannot accept.
>>> I accept nothing on blind faith.
 
>>Invisible Pink Flying Unicorns!  Need I say more?
 
>...I harbor no beliefs at all, there is no good evidence for god
>existing or not.  Some folks call this agnosticism.  It does not suffer
>from "blind faith" at all.  I think of it as "Don't worry, be happy".
 
For many atheists, the lack of belief in gods is secondary to an
epistemological consideration:  what do we accept as a reliable way of
knowing?  There are no known valid logical arguments for the existence
of gods, nor is there any empirical evidence that they exist.  Most
philosophers and theologians agree that the idea of a god is one that
must be accepted on faith.  Faith is belief without a sound logical
basis or empirical evidence.  It is a reliable way of knowing?
 
There is probably nothing else most people would accept in the absence
of any possibility of proof.  Even when we agree to take someone elses
word "on faith", we just mean that having found this person to be
reliable in the past, we judge him likely to be a reliable source now.
If we find faith less reliable than logic and empirical evidence
everywhere else, why assume it will provide reliable knowledge about
gods?
 
The difference between the atheist and the theist is fundamentally then
one of whether or not faith is held to be a reliable way of knowing,
rather than, as some agnostic posters would have it, whether ones faith
is in gods or no gods.  The theist believes that faith is an acceptable
basis for a belief in gods, even if he rejects faith as reliable at
other times, for example in his work as a scientist.  The atheist
believes that only logic and empirical evidence lead to reliable
knowledge.  Agnosticism seems to me a less defensible position than
theism or atheism, unless one is a sceptic in regards to all other
knowledge.  Without evidence, why should we believe in gods rather than
Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny?
 
I would also like to point out as others have that the atheist doesn't
require absolute knowledge of the lack of gods.  I don't believe that
there is any such thing as absolute knowledge.  Atheism is the best and
simplest theory to fit the (lack of) facts and so should be held until
contrary evidence is found.
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51232
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Is Keith as ignorant as he seems?

mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus) writes:

>>>No, everything wouldn't be OK, but it would be a start.
>>Now wait, if the religious organizations were no longer tax-exempt, what
>>other beef could you have?  They would then have as much right to lobby
>>as would any other group.
>You asked "would everything be okay".  I answered no.  Everything 
>encompasses more than just the tax-exempt status of religious 
>organizations.

Well, if everything wouldn't be okay, then tell us what it is that
wouldn't be okay.   That is, if religions were no longer tax-exempt, then
what would be wrong with their lobbying or otherwise attempting to
influence politics?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51233
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Keith Schneider - Stealth Poster?

mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus) writes:

>Let me see if I understand what you are saying.  In order to talk 
>knowledgeably about religion, Atheists must first have been so immersed 
>in a religion that only the rare individual could have left.  

No, you don't understand.  I said that I don't think people can discuss
the subjective merits of religion objectively.  This should be obvious.
People here have said that everyone would be better off without religion,
but this almost certainly isn't true.

>>But really, are you threatened by the motto, or by the people that use it?
>The motto is a tool.  Let's try to take away the tool.

But, guns and axes are tools, both of which have been used for murder.
Should both be taken away?  That is to say, I don't think motto misuse
warrants its removal.  At least not in this case.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51234
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Keith Schneider - Stealth Poster?

cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes:

>I somewhat agree with u.  However, what it comes to (theist) religion, 
>it's a different matter.  That's because religion is like a drug, once u
>use it, it's very difficult to get out of it.  That's because in
>order to experience a religion, u necessarily have to have blind faith,
>and once u have the blind faith, it's very diffcult for you to reason
>yourself back to atheism again.
>Therefore, it's unreasonable to ask people to try religion in order to
>judge it.  It's like asking people to "try dying to find out what
>death is like".

Well now, we can't judge death until we are dead right?  So, why should
we judge religion without having experienced it?  People have said that
religion is bad by any account, and that it is in no way useful, etc.,
but I don't totally agree with this.  Of course, we cannot really say
how the religious folk would act had they not been exposed to religion,
but some people at least seemed to be helped in some ways by it.

So basically, we can not judge whether religion is the right route for
a given individual, or even for a general population.  We can say that
it is not best for us personally (at least, you can choose not to use
religion--might be hard to try to find out its benefits, as you state
above).

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51235
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Political Atheists?

mmwang@adobe.com (Michael Wang) writes:

>I was looking for a rigorous definition because otherwise we would be
>spending the rest of our lives arguing what a "Christian" really
>believes.

I don't think we need to argue about this.

>KS>Do you think that the motto points out that this country is proud
>KS>of its freedom of religion, and that this is something that
>KS>distinguishes us from many other countries?
>MW>No.
>KS>Well, your opinion is not shared by most people, I gather.
>Perhaps not, but that is because those seeking to make government
>recognize Christianity as the dominant religion in this country do not
>think they are infringing on the rights of others who do not share
>their beliefs.

Yes, but also many people who are not trying to make government recognize
Christianity as the dominant religion in this country do no think
the motto infringes upon the rights of others who do not share their
beliefs.

And actually, I think that the government already does recognize that
Christianity is the dominant religion in this country.  I mean, it is.
Don't you realize/recognize this?

This isn't to say that we are supposed to believe the teachings of
Christianity, just that most people do.

>Like I've said before I personally don't think the motto is a major
>concern.

If you agree with me, then what are we discussing?

>KS>Since most people don't seem to associate Christmas with Jesus much
>KS>anymore, I don't see what the problem is.
>Can you prove your assertion that most people in the U.S. don't
>associate Christmas with Jesus anymore?

No, but I hear quite a bit about Christmas, and little if anything about
Jesus.  Wouldn't this figure be more prominent if the holiday were really
associated to a high degree with him?  Or are you saying that the
association with Jesus is on a personal level, and that everyone thinks
about it but just never talks about it?

That is, can *you* prove that most people *do* associate Christmas
most importantly with Jesus?

>Anyways, the point again is that there are people who do associate
>Christmas with Jesus. It doesn't matter if these people are a majority
>or not.

I think the numbers *do* matter.  It takes a majority, or at least a
majority of those in power, to discriminate.  Doesn't it?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51236
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>> The probability that the "automobile system" will kill someone 
>> innocent in an accident goes asymptotically close to 1, just 
>> like the court system.
>However, anyone who doesn't like the "automobile system" can
>opt out, as I have.

This isn't true.  Many people are forced to use the "automobile system."
I certainly don't use it by choice.  If there were other ways of getting
around, I'd do it.

>Secondly, we do try to make the "automobile system" as safe
>as possible, because we *do* recognize the danger to the 
>innocent, whereas the US - the current example - is not trying
>to make the "Court System" safer, which it could fairly easily
>do by replacing fatal punishments with non-fatal punishments.

But I think that the Court system has been refined--over hundreds of
years in the US, Britain, and other countries.  We have tried to make
it as fair as possible.  Can it be made better (without removing the
death penalty)?  Besides, life imprisonment sounds like a fatal punishment
to me.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51237
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Political Atheists?

dace@shrike.und.ac.za (Roy Dace) writes:

>Keith Allan Schneider (keith@cco.caltech.edu) wrote:

>Some soldiers are dependent on religion, for a number of purposes.
>And some are no doubt dependent on cocaine, yet I don't see the military paying
>for coca fields.

While religion certainly has some benefits in a combat situation, what are
the benefits of cocaine?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51238
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: >>>>>>Pompous ass

<MVS104@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:

>>Many people would probably think (especially if the fanatics propogandized
>>this) that this was a conflict between the atheists and the religious.
>>Many would get the impression that we were trying to outlaw religion, if
>>we contintue to try to remove all things with a religious reference.
>That's not what the people I've asked think. Perhaps you would be right
>if you said the fundamentalists would think this way; after all, they think
>they are being oppressed when they are not allowed to oppress. However,
>you have not shown where you get this idea that 'many' people would
>'probably' think it's atheism vs. religion, winner take all. As far as I can
>tell, it is your groundless prediction that this will happen.

But you haven't taken into the account of propoganda.  Remember, if you
asked Germans before WWII if the Jews shoudl be slaughtered, they would
probably answer no, but, after the propoganda machine rolled through, at
least some were able to tolerate it.

You see, it only takes a small group of fanatics to whip up a general
frenzy.

>>THe propoganda machines have been in gear over a number of issues, including
>>abortion and gays...  look at some of the things that have happened.
>Well, so far they have passed one amendment, which is currently under
>intense scrutiny, and they have failed to outlaw abortion, which is their
>prime goal on that issue. Yep, they seem sooo effective. Sure.

Well, they haven't managed to outlaw abortion due to the possible objectivity
of the courts.  But, they have managed to create quite a few problems for
people that wanted to have an abortion.  They could create similar problems
for us.  And, it could be worse.  They can try to stop abortions by blocking
clinics, etc., but imagine what they'd have to do to stop atheism.

>>>>Besides, the margin of error is very large when you only talk to two people.
>>>Better than your one, that is, your opinion. Also, I have branched
>>>out and the informal survey is up over half a dozen now.
>>And, what have they said?  Were you questions unbiased?
>Keith, you would claim that my questions are biased the minute I posted
>them, because the answers agreed with me. Everyone I have asked about
>the possible removal of the motto (the christian portion) has expressed
>regret about its loss, because they like it. However, when it is pointed
>out to them that a new motto will not be in the works, none have expressed
>the desire to rape, murder, pillage, etc., which you have basically claimed.

So, you are able to convince them individually, but could you convince a
whole room of them?  A whole nation?

>As for the atheist portion (I know some around here), they have all
>expressed disgust with the motto. Some noted being harassed by christians
>who used the motto to try to seem justified. And all would see it gone.

Yes, I'd be glad if it were gone to.  I've never supported it.  However,
I think that it is a minor problem that can be easily ignored, contrasted
with what *could* happen (an what may be likely).

>>Which Christians designed the motto?  Does the motto say anything about
>>Jesus?  Why do you think that it refers *only* to Christians?
>Christians wrote it; christians think that their religion is right, and
>all others are wrong; therefore, why would they 'include' other religions
>in the realm of being correct? I doubt that any other religions were meant
>to be included.

Well, I am not clear on the religious convictions of Francis Scott Key (the
motto can be attributed to him), but it is at least clear that he believed
in a god.  And, surely there are a few Christians that think as you say,
but I don't think that most do.  Do you think that all Christians actively
despise other religions?  Most that I have met haven't and don't do so.

>>>No christian
>>>that I have queried thinks it means anything but them, and only them.
>>Why not ask some people of other faiths?
>Sorry, I would, but christianity is just so awfully popular around here.
>Suppose you could ask a few people?

Well, I have asked a Hindu, Moselem, and a few Jews, and all of them think
that it is applicable to them.  Of course, I can't say that these people
(just some that I know pretty well) are accurate representations of their
faiths.

>>It is always a good idea to assume that there were dissenting views on any
>>given issue.  You are assuming that all the views were the same, and nothing
>>leads to this conclusion.
>Without evidence to the contrary, I doubt that there were dissenting
>opinions. You claim there were. Provide some evidence for your assertion.

Well, I'd really like to, and I've tried, but I really don't know where to
get access to _Congressional Records_ from the 1950's.  Can anyone help
out here?

>Comparing christians to Nazis? Interesting.

Only in the sense that neither can probably convinced to change their beliefs.

>>>>No, again, the motto on the money doesn't cost you anything extra.  However,
>>>>if you abolished the motto, we'd all have to pay to have all the dies and
>>>>plates redone.
>>>Like people paid before to get them changed to have the motto on them.
>>You now need to show that there is a good reason to change everything again.

>... Also, I doubt that they use th3
>same plates for more than a year's printing; this would make it easy
>to remove the motto (simply make next year's plates without it). Your
>claim, evidently, is that they will have to pay extra somewhere.
>Provide some evidence for this assertion.

So, are you saying that they redesign the plates each year?

Anyway, your whole argument (conveniently deleted I see) was that the motto
somehow costs us all a lot of money.  This is just not correct.

>>The ones I read didn't mention anything about Jesus.  I think the issue was
>>concerning the distinction between religion and not.
>How could it be between religious and not religious? The motto
>refers to god; it is a religious motto. The question is whether or
>not it is only christian. You say it is more. I doubt this. Provide
>some evidence for this assertion.

That is to say, the religion of this country, and the non-religion of
the USSR.  That was what most of those quotes were about, and some included
all atheists, in general, as well.  I don't think that any of the quotes
(although I seem to have lost them) mentioned anything at all about Jesus.
They advocated religion over non-religion.  A specific religion was not
mentioned.

>>You have missed this point.  I said that the motto didn't say anything
>>about anyone in particular.  That is, the motto doesn't imply anything
>>about *your* particular beliefs.  It doesn't say that everyone trusts
>>in some form of god, only that the nation on the whole does.
>We have been through this before. It's obvious it does not include me;
>this much is beyond doubt. Your claim, again, is that the motto refers
>to more than christians. Based on the facts that christianity says all
>other religions are wrong, and because it seems that the motto was
>written by christians, I doubt your claim.

So, you are saying that all Christians must believe that all other religions
should be outlawed, just because they think they are wrong?  That's silly.
I think the Flat-Earthers are wrong, but I don't advocate their banishment.

>[...]  Based on this idea I doubt that any additional expense would
>even be incurred by removing the motto. Provide some evidence for your
>claim that it would.

I think that any such cost would be insignificant.  I mentioned the slight
cost because you said that the motto was costing us a lot of money by
being on our currency.

>Disregarding the digression of the other motto...If it is used for
>harassment, and no other purpose has been found for it, why should
>it not be removed?

Well, mottos in general don't really have purposes...  I don't think it
should be removed because I think the benefit would be outweighed by the
consequences.

>>And do you know what the vote was?  Were there other opinions?  Do you
>>think that the main reason the motto was required by law was to bother
>>atheists?  Do you think that this is what the majority of congress at
>>the time had in mind?  If you do, then show why.
>Again, it is the opinion of the people who put it there that I am
>concerned with.

Then you should be concerned with the opinion of the entire congress.

>Again, it is not necessary that the complete majority
>shared the purpose of confronting 'godless Communism' with this motto.

Why not?  It is the majority that put it there.

>>The general public probably does not know about the anti-atheist intent
>>of a few people in the 50's either.
>I daresay more people remember the 50's than the time when Key wrote
>the anthem.

But do they remember the debate surrounding the motto?  Do they remember
that some people intended it to be a message against atheists?  Why don't
you include this in your little survey that you were conducting?

[...]
>You claim here that scientists would believe someone's claims. I doubt
>this. Provide evidence for your assertion.

What?  Should I ask some scientists the probability that something Einstein
said about relativity is worthy?  I mean, if Einstein said it, there's a
good chance that it was right (at least at the time).

>As for the courts, the
>method scientists use can be applied. I need not agree with the court
>by default because of a 'good record.'

You need not agree with them all of the time, but you would certainly think
that their decisions would be good evidence in favor of some point.

>>What?  But you said you didn't agree with the court because they "allowed
>>Congress to attempt to make an amendment prohibiting flag burning."  If
>>you don't realize that something like this is external to the realm of
>>the court's power, then how can I be confident that you know *anything*
>>about the court's powers?  I mean, if you don't know how the court works,
>>how can you participate in a discussion of the court?
>A judge can go to speak before Congress. And still you ignore the
>abortion gag rule, as you make your claims on abortion.

No, I think that it would be clearly inappropriate for a Supreme Court
Justice to testify before Congress during the consideration of a
Constitutional Amendment.

And, in order for the Court to rule on something, a case usually must be
presented.

>>Mushrooms, flowers, trees, buildings, signs, whatever...  the analogy is
>>the same.  Just because something that I might find offensive is present
>>doesn't mean that my rights are being violated.
>We are talking about something put there by people, Keith...not
>a mushroom. No one caused that mushroom to exist, unless you're
>finding things offensive in a mushroom farm.

Yes, some mushrooms can be planted.  And, I don't appreciate mushrooms on
my pizza, either.

>This is not the case
>with the motto. And you're ignoring the harassment which is the
>only known result of the motto, and you're ignoring that somewhere
>along the line people were forced to put the motto there.

Who was forced to put the motto there?  What do you mean?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51239
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

suopanki@stekt.oulu.fi writes:
> On 5 Apr 93 11:24:30 MST, jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com said:
> :> God is eternal.    [A = B]
> :> Jesus is God.      [C = A]
> :> Therefore, Jesus is eternal.  [C = B]
> 
> :> This works both logically and mathematically.  God is of the set of
> :> things which are eternal.  Jesus is a subset of God.   Therefore
> :> Jesus belongs to the set of things which are eternal.
> 
> Everything isn't always so logical....
> 
> Mercedes is a car.
> That girl is Mercedes.
> Therefore, that girl is a car?

Unfortunately your phrasing is ambiguous.  Re-writing more carefully, we have
(at least) two possibilities.  The first:

Things called "Mercedes" are cars
That girl is called "Mercedes"
Therefore that girl is a car

That is entirely valid as a piece of logical deduction.  It is not sound,
because the first statement is false.  Similarly, I would hold that Jim's
example is valid but not sound.

Another possible interpretation of what you wrote is:

There exists at least one car called "Mercedes"
That girl is called "Mercedes"
Therefore that girl is a car

-- which isn't valid.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51240
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>>>Perhaps we shouldn't imprision people if we could watch them closely
>>>instead.  The cost would probably be similar, especially if we just
>>>implanted some sort of electronic device.
>>Why wait until they commit the crime?  Why not implant such devices in
>>potential criminals like Communists and atheists?
> 
> Sorry, I don't follow your reasoning.  You are proposing to punish people
> *before* they commit a crime?  What justification do you have for this?

Look up "irony", Keith.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51241
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>>As for rape, surely there the burden of guilt is solely on the rapist?
> 
> Not so.  If you are thrown into a cage with a tiger and get mauled, do you
> blame the tiger?

As far as I know, tigers are not sentient.  If I were pushed into a pool with
some dolphins and they attacked me, I might be inclined to blame the dolphins
rather than the person doing the pushing, as (a) dolphins are not usually
aggressive and (b) they seem to have well-developed brains and a capacity for
abstract thought.

As a matter of fact, tigers rarely attack humans unless the human provokes
them.  Of course, if they are in a cage which is far too small, that might
count as provocation...


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51242
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
> ( I am almost sure that Zyklon-B is immediate and painless method of 
> death. If not, insert soem other form. )
> 
>         And, ethnic and minority groups have been killed, mutilated and 
> exterminated through out history, so I guess it was not unusual.
> 
>         So, you would agree that the holocost would be allowed under the US 
> Constitution?  [ in so far, the punishment. I doubt they recieved what would 
> be considered a "fair" trial by US standards.

Don't be so sure.  Look what happened to Japanese citizens in the US during
World War II.  If you're prepared to say "Let's round these people up and
stick them in a concentration camp without trial", it's only a short step to
gassing them without trial.  After all, it seems that the Nazis originally
only intended to imprison the Jews; the Final Solution was dreamt up partly
because they couldn't afford to run the camps because of the devastation
caused by Goering's Total War.  Those who weren't gassed generally died of
malnutrition or disease.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51243
From: Tony Lezard <tony@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: atheist?

I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:

> In article <ii1i2B1w165w@mantis.co.uk>
> Tony Lezard <tony@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>  
> (Deletion)
> >
> >My opinion is that the strong atheist position requires too much
> >belief for me to be comfortable with. Any strong atheists out there
> >care to comment? 
>[...]
> Humans just come up with the idea of a spiritual parent. It is one
> of the artifacts of human thought. The evidence for that is quite
> overwhelming. And the information content of the conceived is vanishing.
>  
> In other words, if there were gods, they would hardly make sense, and
> it is possible to explain the phenomenon of religion without gods.
>  
> The concept is useless, and I don't have to introduce new assumptions
> in order to show that.
>  
> No leap of faith required for me. Your mileage may vary.

Yes I fully agree with that, but is it "I don't believe gods exist", or
"I believe no gods exist"? As MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
pointed out, it all hinges on what you take the word "believe" to mean.

Unfortunately this is bound up in the definitions of strong and weak
atheism, at least according to the FAQ:

# Atheism is characterized by an absence of belief in the existence of God.
# Some atheists go further, and believe that God does not exist.  The former is
# often referred to as the "weak atheist" position, and the latter as "strong
# atheism".
# 
# It is important to note the difference between these two positions.  "Weak
# atheism" is simple scepticism; disbelief in the existence of God.  "Strong
# atheism" is a positive belief that God does not exist.  Please do not
# fall into the trap of assuming that all atheists are "strong atheists".

(From mathew's "An Introduction to Atheism" version 1.2 last modified 5-Apr-93)

Should the FAQ be clarified to try to pin down this notion of "belief"?
Can it?

-- 
Tony Lezard IS tony@mantis.co.uk OR tony%mantis.co.uk@uknet.ac.uk OR things
like tony%uk.co.mantis@uk.ac.nsfnet-relay OR (last resort) arl10@phx.cam.ac.uk
PGP 2.2 public key available on request.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51244
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
> I think you mean circular, not recursive, but that is semantics.
> Recursiveness has no problems, it is just horribly inefficient (just ask
> any assembly programmer.)

Tail-recursive functions in Scheme are at least as efficient as iterative
loops.  Anyone who doesn't program in assembler will have heard of optimizing
compilers.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51245
From: MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In <114127@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu writes:

[deletia]

> I don't understand the point of this petty sarcasm. It is a basic 
> principle of Islam that if one is born muslim or one says "I testify
> that there is no god but God and Mohammad is a prophet of God" that,
> so long as one does not explicitly reject Islam by word then one _must_
> be considered muslim by all muslims. So the phenomenon you're attempting
> to make into a general rule or psychology is a direct odds with basic
> Islamic principles. If you want to attack Islam you could do better than
> than to argue against something that Islam explicitly contradicts.

      In the deletions somewhere, it mentioned something about chopping
off of hands being a punishment for theft in Saudi Arabia. Assuming this
is so (I wouldn't know), and assuming it is done by people fitting your
requirement for "muslim" (which I find highly likely), then would you
please try to convince Bobby Mozumder that muslims chop people's hands
off?

      Come back when you've succeeded.

-- 
  Disclaimer?   "It's great to be young and insane!"

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51246
From: lucio@proxima.alt.za (Lucio de Re)
Subject: A fundamental contradiction (was: A visit from JWs)

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:

>"Will" is "self-determination".  In other words, God created conscious
>beings who have the ability to choose between moral choices independently
>of God.  All "will", therefore, is "free will".

The above is probably not the most representative paragraph, but I
thought I'd hop on, anyway...

What strikes me as self-contradicting in the fable of Lucifer's
fall - which, by the way, I seem to recall to be more speculation
than based on biblical text, but my ex RCism may be showing - is
that, as Benedikt pointed out, Lucifer had perfect nature, yet he
had the free will to "choose" evil.  But where did that choice come
from?

We know from Genesis that Eve was offered an opportunity to sin by a
tempter which many assume was Satan, but how did Lucifer discover,
invent, create, call the action what you will, something that God
had not given origin to?

Also, where in the Bible is there mention of Lucifer's free will?
We make a big fuss about mankind having free will, but it strikes me
as being an after-the-fact rationalisation, and in fact, like
salvation, not one that all Christians believe in identically.

At least in my mind, salvation and free will are very tightly
coupled, but then my theology was Roman Catholic...

Still, how do theologian explain Lucifer's fall?  If Lucifer had
perfect nature (did man?) how could he fall?  How could he execute an
act that (a) contradicted his nature and (b) in effect cause evil to
exist for the first time?
-- 
Lucio de Re (lucio@proxima.Alt.ZA) - tab stops at four.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51247
From: lucio@proxima.alt.za (Lucio de Re)
Subject: Re: atheist?

Tony Lezard <tony@mantis.co.uk> writes:

>My opinion is that the strong atheist position requires too much
>belief for me to be comfortable with. Any strong atheists out there
>care to comment? As far as I can tell, strong atheists are far
>outnumbered on alt.atheism by weak atheists.

At the cost of repudiating the FAQ, I think too much is made of the
strong vs weak atheism issue, although in the context of alt.atheism,
where we're continually attacked on the basis that strong atheists
"believe" in the non-existence of god, I think the separation is a
valid one.

To cover my arse, what I'm trying to say is that there is an
infinitely grey area between weak and strong, as well as between
strong and the unattainable mathematical atheism (I wish!).  Whereas I
_logically_ can only support the weak atheist position, in effect I am
a strong atheist (and wish I could be a mathematical one).  To
justify my strong atheist position I believe I need only show that
the evidence presented in favour of any of the gods under scrutiny
is faulty.

If I read the FAQ correctly, no argument for the existence of god
(generic, as represented by mainstream theologians) has ever been
found to be unassailable.  To me this is adequate evidence that the
_real_god_ is undefinable (or at least no definition has yet been
found to be watertight), which in turn I accept as sufficient to
base a disbelief in each and every conceivable god.

I'm a little fuzzy on the edges, though, so opinions are welcome
(but perhaps we should change the thread subject).
-- 
Lucio de Re (lucio@proxima.Alt.ZA) - tab stops at four.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51249
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
> Why would the Rushdie case be particularly legitimate? As I've said
> elsewhere on this issue, Rushdie's actions had effects in Islamic
> countries so that it is not so simple to say that he didn't commit
> a crime in an Islamic country.

Actually, it is simple.

A person P has committed a crime C in country X if P was within the borders
of X at the time when C was committed.  It doesn't matter if the physical
manifestation of C is outside X.

For instance, if I hack into NASA's Ames Research Lab and delete all their
files, I have committed a crime in the United Kingdom.  If the US authorities
wish to prosecute me under US law rather than UK law, they have no automatic
right to do so.

This is why the net authorities in the US tried to put pressure on some sites
in Holland.  Holland had no anti-cracking legislation, and so it was viewed
as a "hacker haven" by some US system administrators.

Similarly, a company called Red Hot Television is broadcasting pornographic
material which can be received in Britain.  If they were broadcasting in
Britain, they would be committing a crime.  But they are not, they are
broadcasting from Denmark, so the British Government is powerless to do
anything about it, in spite of the apparent law-breaking.

Of course, I'm not a lawyer, so I could be wrong.  More confusingly, I could
be right in some countries but not in others...


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51250
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <114140@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
>>>>> In cases of prostitution
>>>>>both the man and the prostitute would be punished in public, quite
>>>>>severely.
 
(Deletion)
 
>
>>No Gregg, you cannot say A is lenient and A punishes severely in public.
>>Unless, of course, it is one of the exceptions implied by "almost all
>>matters".
>
>That depends on the statistics and who is punished in public. If some
>power (for example, nothing Islamic about it) allows men to rape women
>five times before blowing the rapist's head off in public then I'd call
>that leniency, wouldn't you?
>
 
You have given that example. It is not lenient. End of argument.
 
And chopping off the hands or heads of people is not lenient either. It
rather appears that you are internalized the claims about the legal system
without checking if they suit the description.
 
And wasn't the argument that it takes five men to rape a woman according
to Islamic law?
 
 
>>While I don't approve of it, I think both the prostitute and the customer
>>have the right to do what they do. In other words, punishing them is a
>>violation of their rights. And to punish them severely in public is just
>>another pointer to the hysteria connected with sexuality in so many
>>religions.
>
>Believe what you like.
>
 
No, I even believe what I don't like. Can you give better answers than that?
Have you got any evidence for your probably opposite claims?
 
 
>>In this case, I don't see why I should accept the complex ridden views
>>of an oriental goatherd.
>
>Ah, yes, I forget that the West is historically so much without sexual
>neurosis :)
>
>"Oriental goatherd", _really_ intellectual.
>
 
A fact, if memory serves. And most will see the connection between the
primitive machism in the Orient and in Islam.
 
>>If people agree on having sex it is fine. And I would assume that a
>>god would have a clue of what the detrimental effects of supressing it
>>are.
>
>Huh? Ever heard of AIDs? (Of course you'll probably go on to say that
>God must be evil because he allows the disease to exist, bla bla).
>
 
As usually you miss the point. Aids is  neither spread only through sex
nor necessarily spread by having sex. Futher, the point is, a very important
point, the urge for sex is stronger than the fear of AIDS. It is even
stronger than the religious attempts to channel or to forbid sex. The
consequences of suppressing sex are worse than the consequences of Aids.
Please note that the idea that everybody would end up with AIDS when sex
is not controlled is completely counterfactual.
 
 
And since you have brought up the point, is your god evil or not?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51251
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Biblical Rape

In article <1993Apr05.174537.14962@watson.ibm.com>
strom@Watson.Ibm.Com (Rob Strom) writes:
 
>
>In article <16BA7F16C.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de>, I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>
>I didn't have time to read the rest of the posting, but
>I had to respond to this.
>
>I am absolutely NOT a "Messianic Jew".
>
 
Another mistake. Sorry, I should have read alt.,messianic more carefully.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51252
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <1993Apr3.221101.25314@midway.uchicago.edu> shou@midway.uchicago.edu writes:
>In article <1pi0dhINN8ub@dsi.dsinc.com> perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:
>>Bigots never concede that their bigotry is irrational; it
>>is other people who determine that by examining their arguments.
>[...]
>No!  I  expected it! You've set yourself up a wonderful little
>world where a bigot is whomever you say it is.  This is very 
>comfortable for you--imagine, never having to entertain an
>argument against your belief system.  Simply accuse the person
>making of being a bigot.  

Well, this particular thread of vituperation slopped its venom over
into alt.atheism, where we spend most of our time entertaining
arguments against our belief system, without resorting to accusing
others of bigotry.  It's somewhat ironic that our exposure to bigotry
happens in this instance to have originated in rec.scouting, since I
always understood scouting to teach tolerance and diversity.  I
understand bigotry to be irrational prejudice against other people who
happen to be of a different race, religion, ethnic background, sex, or
other inconsequential characteristics.  All the evidence I've seen
indicates that sexual orientation and lack of belief in gods are
exactly such inconsequential characteristics.  Thus, pending further
evidence, I conclude that those who show prejudice against such people
are bigots, and organizations that exclude such people are
discriminatory.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51253
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution

In article <1pq47tINN8lp@senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU>
bobs@thnext.mit.edu (Robert Singleton) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>
>I will argue that your latter statement, "I believe that no gods exist"
>does rest upon faith - that is, if you are making a POSITIVE statement
>that "no gods exist" (strong atheism) rather than merely saying I don't
>know and therefore don't believe in them and don't NOT believe in then
>(weak atheism). Once again, to not believe in God is different than saying
>I BELIEVE that God does not exist. I still maintain the position, even
>after reading the FAQs, that strong atheism requires faith.
>
 
No it in the way it is usually used. In my view, you are saying here that
driving a car requires faith that the car drives.
 
For me it is a conclusion, and I have no more faith in it than I have in the
premises and the argument used.
 
 
>But first let me say the following.
>We might have a language problem here - in regards to "faith" and
>"existence". I, as a Christian, maintain that God does not exist.
>To exist means to have being in space and time. God does not HAVE
>being - God IS Being. Kierkegaard once said that God does not
>exist, He is eternal. With this said, I feel it's rather pointless
>to debate the so called "existence" of God - and that is not what
>I'm doing here. I believe that God is the source and ground of
>being. When you say that "god does not exist", I also accept this
>statement - but we obviously mean two different things by it. However,
>in what follows I will use the phrase "the existence of God" in it's
>'usual sense' - and this is the sense that I think you are using it.
>I would like a clarification upon what you mean by "the existence of
>God".
>
 
No, that's a word game. The term god is used in a different way usually.
When you use a different definition it is your thing, but until it is
commonly accepted you would have to say the way I define god is ... and
that does not exist, it is existence itself, so I say it does not exist.
 
Interestingly, there are those who say that "existence exists" is one of
the indubitable statements possible.
 
Further, saying god is existence is either a waste of time, existence is
already used and there is no need to replace it by god, or you are implying
more with it, in which case your definition and your argument so far
are incomplete, making it a fallacy.
 
 
(Deletion)
>One can never prove that God does or does not exist. When you say
>that you believe God does not exist, and that this is an opinion
>"based upon observation", I will have to ask "what observtions are
>you refering to?" There are NO observations - pro or con - that
>are valid here in establishing a POSITIVE belief.
(Deletion)
 
Where does that follow? Aren't observations based on the assumption
that something exists?
 
And wouldn't you say there is a level of definition that the assumption
"god is" is meaningful. If not, I would reject that concept anyway.
 
So, where is your evidence for that "god is" is meaningful at some level?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51254
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Is Morality Constant (was Re: Biblical Rape)

This (frayed) thread has turned into a patented alt.atheism 5-on-1
ping-pong game, and I don't have any strong disagreement, so I'll try
to stick to the one thing I don't quite follow about the argument:

It seems to me that there is a contradiction in arguing that the Bible
was "enlightened for its times" (i.e. closer to what we would consider
morally good based on our standards and past experience) on the one
hand [I hope this summarizes this argument adequately], and on the
other hand:

In article <1993Apr03.001125.23294@watson.ibm.com> strom@Watson.Ibm.Com (Rob Strom) writes:
}In article <1phpe1INN8g6@dsi.dsinc.com>, perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:

}|> }Disclaimer:  I'm speaking from the Jewish perspective,
}|> }where "the Bible" means what many call the Old Testament,
}|> }and where the interpretation is not necessarily the
}|> }raw text, but instead the court cases, commentaries
}|> }and traditions passed down through Jewish communities.
}|> 
}|> This seems the crux to me: if you judge the Bible according to a long
}|> line of traditions and interpretations coming down to the current day,
}|> rather than on its own merits as a cultural artifact, then of course
}|> it will correspond more closely with more contemporary values.
}
}But if that's how the Bible is actually being used today,
}shouldn't that be how we should judge it?  If most people
}use scissors to cut paper, shouldn't Consumer's Reports
}test scissors for paper-cutting ability, even though
}scissors may have been designed originally to cut cloth?

That's possibly a good way to judge the use of the Bible in teaching
Jewish morality today, but it hardly seems fair to claim that this
highly-interpreted version is what was "enlightened for its times".
To (attempt to) extend the analogy, this is like saying that the
original scissor-makers were unusually advanced at paper-cutting for
their times, even though they only ever cut cloth, and had never even
heard of paper.

I'm not arguing that the Bible is "disgusting", though some of the
history depicted in it is, by modern standards.  However, history is
full of similar abuses, and I don't think the Biblical accounts are
worse than their contemporaries--or possibly ours.  On the other hand,
I don't know of any reason to think the history described in the Bible
shows *less* abuse than their contemporaries, or ours.  That complex
and benign moral traditions have evolved based on particular mythic
interpretations of that history is interesting, but I still don't
think it fair to take that long tradition of interpretation and use it
to attack condemnation of the original history.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51255
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:

>>>As for rape, surely there the burden of guilt is solely on the rapist?
>>Unless you force someone to live with the rapist against his will, in which
>>case part of the responsibility is yours.
>I'm sorry, but I can't accept that.  Unless the rapist was hypnotized or
>something, I view him as solely responsible for his actions.

Not necessarily, especially if the rapist is known as such.  For instance,
if you intentionally stick your finger into a loaded mousetrap and get
snapped, whose fault is it?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51256
From: simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

In article <1993Apr5.023044.19580@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

> One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that say "Mom",
> because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more virile men.
> Compare that with how homos are raised.  Do a study and you will get my
> point.

Oh, Bobby. You're priceless. Did I ever tell you that?

My policy with Bobby's posts, should anyone give a damn, is to flick
through the thread at high speed, searching for posts of Bobby's which
have generated a whole pile of followups, then go in and extract the
hilarious quote inevitably present for .sig purposes. Works for me.

For the guy who said he's just arrived, and asked whether Bobby's for real,
you betcha. Welcome to alt.atheism, and rest assured that it gets worse.
I have a few pearls of wisdom from Bobby which I reproduce below. Is anyone
(Keith?) keeping a big file of such stuff?

     "In Allah's infinite wisdom, the universe was created from nothing,
        just by saying "Be", and it became. Therefore Allah exists."
           --- Bobby Mozumder proving the existence of Allah, #1

     "Wait. You just said that humans are rarely reasonable. Doesn't that
      contradict atheism, where everything is explained through logic and
      reason? This is THE contradiction in atheism that proves it false."
           --- Bobby Mozumder proving the existence of Allah, #2

              "Plus, to the believer, it would be contradictory
                    to the Quran for Allah not to exist."
           --- Bobby Mozumder proving the existence of Allah, #3

and now

   "One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that say "Mom",
    because of the love of their mom. It makes for more virile men. Compare
    that with how homos are raised.  Do a study and you will get my point."
         -- Bobby Mozumder being Islamically Rigorous on alt.atheism

Mmmmm. Quality *and* quantity from the New Voice of Islam (pbuh).

Cheers

Simon
-- 
Simon Clippingdale                simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk
Department of Computer Science    Tel (+44) 203 523296
University of Warwick             FAX (+44) 203 525714
Coventry CV4 7AL, U.K.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51258
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <1993Apr6.041343.24997@cbnewsl.cb.att.com> stank@cbnewsl.cb.att.com (Stan Krieger) writes:

>The point has been raised and has been answered.  Roger and I have
>clearly stated our support of the BSA position on the issue;
>specifically, that homosexual behavior constitutes a violation of
>the Scout Oath (specifically, the promise to live "morally straight").

	Please define "morally straight". 

	
	
	And, don't even try saying that "straight", as it is used here, 
implies only hetersexual behavior. [ eg: "straight" as in the slang word 
opposite to "gay" ]


	This is alot like "family values". Everyone is talking about them, 
but misteriously, no one knows what they are.
---

        "One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that 
        say "Mom", because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more 
        virile men."

        Bobby Mozumder  ( snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu )
        April 4, 1993

        The one TRUE Muslim left in the world. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51259
From: twpierce@unix.amherst.edu (Tim Pierce)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <1993Apr6.041343.24997@cbnewsl.cb.att.com> stank@cbnewsl.cb.att.com (Stan Krieger) writes:

>Roger and I have
>clearly stated our support of the BSA position on the issue;
>specifically, that homosexual behavior constitutes a violation of
>the Scout Oath (specifically, the promise to live "morally straight").
>
>There is really nothing else to discuss.

Apparently not.

In response to his claim that it "terrifies" gay people not to be able
to "indoctrinate children to our lifestyle" (or words to that effect),
I sent Roger a very calm, carefully-written, detailed letter
explaining simply why the BSA policy does, indeed terrify me.  I did
not use inflammatory language and left myself extremely open for an
answer.  Thus far, I have not received an answer.  I can conclude only
that Roger considers his position either indefensible or simply not
worth defending.

>Trying to cloud the issue
>with comparisons to Blacks or other minorities is also meaningless
>because it's like comparing apples to oranges (i.e., people can't
>control their race but they can control their behavior).

In fact, that's exactly the point: people can control their behavior.
Because of that fact, there is no need for a blanket ban on
homosexuals.

>What else is there to possibly discuss on rec.scouting on this issue?

You tell me.

-- 
____ Tim Pierce                /  ?Usted es la de la tele, eh?  !La madre
\  / twpierce@unix.amherst.edu /  del asesino!  !Ay, que graciosa!
 \/ (BITnet: TWPIERCE@AMHERST) /    -- Pedro Almodovar

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51260
Subject: Re: Biblical Rape
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)

In article <1993Apr04.225107.39364@watson.ibm.com>
strom@Watson.Ibm.Com (Rob Strom) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>
>The thread "Biblical Rape" was initiated by David O Hunt.
>Here is his posting:
>In article <8feu_KO00XsF0kpc5p@andrew.cmu.edu>, David O Hunt <bluelobster+@CMU.EDU> writes:
>|> I'm pretty sure I've seen biblical rules for when it's allowable to rape
>|> prisoners, what the codes are about that, etc.  Could some more
>|> knowledgable soul than I please let me know some references?
>
>He asked a very narrow question, and I gave a very narrow answer.
>
 
Yes, sorry. I have got that wrong. My apology.
 
 
(Deletion)
 
>No. David Hunt's post didn't mention a god, nor did my response.
>You were the first to bring up the idea of the Bible being "given
>by god".  Most Jews don't believe this in any literal sense.
>
 
So? No fun, but I must have met the minority then.
And "given by god" refers to any action whereby a god
god causes or better effects something.
 
 
Rob, I am not intimate with Jewish theology, but I understand
that you are a Messianic Jew. Correct me if I am wrong, but
it appears that the views of Messianic Jews on metaphysics
is different to that of the majority of Jews. While Jewish
theology overall is quite distinct from the Christianic god
views, I have heard that it is possible for Jews to attribute
evil to their god, an no-no for Christians, the Bible is
still seen as effect of the interaction of some god with man.
 
 
(Deletion)
>No.  I thought we agreed that though Jews disagree,
>there are a set of core beliefs that they do agree upon,
>one of which is that the commandments are accessible
>and written in the language of the time, and another
>of which is that there must be a legal system to update them.
>
 
The context was metaphysics, even when the process of adapting
the commandments is not transcendent, the justification of the
process lie in metaphysic specualtion. I wonder how you break
out of the shackles of having metaphysics in your system.
 
 
(Deletion)
>Could you explain this with respect to the original commandments
>being discussed --- that is, the commandment that says if
>you feel like raping a woman prisoner, you should instead
>wait and marry her?  What about "the way this commandment
>is given" invalidates it?
>
 
Is is in a book that commands to commit genocide among other
reprehensible deeds. The context is repulsive, and it is
foul play, IMO, to invoke some relatively enlightened passages
as an example for the content of the whole book.
 
 
(Big deletion)
>|>
>|> The point is that I see that there is a necessary connection
>|> between the theology you use and the interpretation of the Bible.
>|>
>
>Only very loosely.  My interpretation of the Bible is
>based on a long tradition of Jewish scholars interpreting
>the Bible.  Theology doesn't really enter into it ---
>there are Jewish atheists who interpret the laws of
>charity essentially the same way I do.
>
 
No, not the interpretation of some laws, but the interpretation of
the bible. As in the example that Sodom and Gomorrha mean argue
with god. The whole idea that it is metaphorically and yet allows
you to argue with a god (whatever that means, that alone is a theo-
logic question) is proof of a theology used.
 
 
>|> >You pose another metaphysical riddle!
>|>
>|> No, you do.
>|>
>
>Well, you wrote this:
>|> Fine. So we have some major spirit with neither absolute power
>|> nor absolute knowledge. And, as it appears, limited means or will
>|> to communicate with us. Some form of spiritual big friend.
>|> Do you admit that using god in this context is somewhat unusual?
>|>
>|> Am I right in the assumption that it cannot have created the
>|> universe as well? And that the passages in the Bible referring
>|> to that or its omnipotence are crap?
>
>That's what I meant by the "riddle".
>
 
It is an important question in the light of what for instance the
passage witrh Sodom and Gomorrha means. Either there is some connection
between the text, the fact that it exists, and your interpretation of
it, or it is purely arbitrary.. Further, the question is why is has
one to carry the burden of Biblical texts when one could simply write
other books that convey the message better. You might answer that one
can't becuase  some peculiar Biblical information might be lost, but
that holds true of every other book, and the question remains why has
the Bible still a special place? Can't it be replaced somehow? Is it
ok to bargain the dangerous content of the Bible against some other
message that is included as well?
 
 
(Deletion)
>|> Do you see the danger in doing so? Especially with the metaphers used
>|> in the Bible?
>
>I think the danger of doing so is less than either the
>danger of having a frozen system of laws, or having no laws.
>
 
Sorry, but there are worse systems does not say anything about if
one could not have a better system.
 
(Deletion)
>If we
>read two stories about the importance of helping the poor,
>and in one God is a spirit, and in the other God has a body,
>which is more important, helping the poor, or resolving
>the contradiction about the corporeal nature of God?
>
 
If we read two stories in the Bible, one that god commands people
to kill children for being idolaters and another where god kills
children directly, what is more important to resolve, the message that
children are to be killed or if it has  to be done by god?
 
 
And the argument you have given is a fallacy, while it may not be important
in the context you have given to find out if god is corporeal or not, it
can be crucial in other questions. Religious believers resolve contradictions
with that they choose one of the possibilities given in an arbitrary way,
and have the advantage of being able to attribute their decision to some
god.
 
One cannot resolve questions by the statement do what is good when what
is good depends on the question.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51261
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: atheist?

In article <ePVk2B3w165w@mantis.co.uk>
Tony Lezard <tony@mantis.co.uk> writes:
 
(Deletion)
>> In other words, if there were gods, they would hardly make sense, and
>> it is possible to explain the phenomenon of religion without gods.
>>
>> The concept is useless, and I don't have to introduce new assumptions
>> in order to show that.
>
>Yes I fully agree with that, but is it "I don't believe gods exist", or
>"I believe no gods exist"? As MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
>pointed out, it all hinges on what you take the word "believe" to mean.
>
 
For me, it is a "I believe no gods exist" and a "I don't believe gods exist".
 
In other words, I think that statements like gods are or somehow interfere
with this world are false or meaningless. In Ontology, one can fairly
conclude that when "A exist" is meaningless A does not exist. Under the
Pragmatic definition of truth, "A exists" is meaningless makes A exist
even logically false.
 
A problem with such statements is that one can't disprove a subjective god
by definition, and there might be cases where a subjective god would even
make sense. The trouble with most god definitions is that they include
some form of objective existence with the consequence of the gods affecting
all. Believers derive from it a right to interfere with the life of others.
 
 
(Deletion)
>
>Should the FAQ be clarified to try to pin down this notion of "belief"?
>Can it?
>
 
Honestly, I don't see the problem.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51262
From: a137490@lehtori.cc.tut.fi (Aario Sami)
Subject: Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: Rationality (was: Islamic marriage)?

In <1993Mar31.013034.27070@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

>My case is that everything wrong in the world will end if people start
>believing in Islam.  And that horrors to mankind are all caused by the
>lack of belief- Atheism.

For the last time, Bobby. Lack of belief in YOUR god does NOT imply
atheism. Just because some moslems aren't moral does not mean they don't
believe in a god named Allah, although their Allah may not do the things
your Allah does. If a moslem says he/she believes that a god exists, he/she
is a theist (though maybe not a TRUE follower of islam).

>30,000 murder victims a year caused by atheism. Poverty. Massive hate crimes.
>Such low respect for the human body.  Distrust among people.  Everything
>wrong, all caused by atheism.

>Peace,

Jerk.

>Bobby Mozumder
-- 
Sami Aario         |  "Can you see or measure an atom? Yet you can explode
a137490@cc.tut.fi  |   one. Sunlight is comprised of many atoms."
-------------------'  "Your stupid minds! Stupid, stupid!"
Eros in "Plan 9 From Outer Space"     DISCLAIMER: I don't agree with Eros.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51265
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Motto Mania

mathew writes:

>I prefer Mark-Jason Dominus's suggestion that the motto should be changed to
>"Mind your own fucking business".

In this era of AIDS, isn't someone's fucking *everyone's* interest?  (semi
:-))

I propose "We have no motto."

Recently in the glorious state of Maryland (the only state whose state song
refers to Abraham Lincoln as a tyrant), people have gotten all wound up over
the state motto (which we inherited from the Calverts):

    "Fatti Maschii, Parole Femine"

which, if you read Italian, says,

    "Manly deeds, womanly words"

or something to that effect.  In the state which not so long ago had four
women out of seven representatives, this represents a problem.  The official
solution was to change the translation, so now it means:

    "Strong deeds, gentle words"

My personal suggestion was changing it to "walk softly and carry a big
stick."
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51266
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses (good grief!)

The amount of energy being spent on ONE LOUSY SYLLOGISM says volumes for the
true position of reason in this group.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51267
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Benediktine Metaphysics

Benedikt Rosenau writes, with great authority:

>     IF IT IS CONTRADICTORY IT CANNOT EXIST.

"Contradictory" is a property of language.  If I correct this to


      THINGS DEFINED BY CONTRADICTORY LANGUAGE DO NOT EXIST

I will object to definitions as reality.  If you then amend it to

      THINGS DESCRIBED BY CONTRADICTORY LANGUAGE DO NOT EXIST

then we've come to something which is plainly false.  Failures in
description are merely failures in description.

(I'm not an objectivist, remember.)


-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51268
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

>So then, you require the same amount of evidence to believe that I 
>a) own a pair of bluejeans and b) have superhuman powers?

Well, I could use the argument that some here use about "nature" and claim
that you cannot have superhuman powers because you are a human; superhuman
powers are beyond what a human has, and since you are a human, any powers
you have are not beyond those of a human.  Hence, you cannot have superhuman
powers.  Sound good to you?

Anyway, to the evidence question: it depends on the context.  In this group,
since you are posting from a american college site, I'm willing to take it
as given that you have a pair of blue jeans.  And, assuming there is some
coherency in your position, I will take it as a given that you do not have
superhuman powers.  Arguments are evidence in themselves, in some respects.

>When you say the "existence of [ sic ] Jesus", I assume that you 
>mean just the man, without any special powers, etc.

Yep.

>Many will agree that it is very possible that a man called Jesus DID 
>in fact live. In fact, I am willing to agree that there was some man named 
>Jesus. I have no reason to believe that there wasn't ever a man.

Good.

>However, most of the claims ARE extradinary: eg virgin birth 
>[ virgin in the sense of not having any sexual intercourse ], resurection, 
>Son of God, etc. THOSE claims require extra evidence.

"Extra" evidence?  Why don't we start with evidence at all?

I cannot see any evidence for the V. B. which the cynics in this group would
ever accept.  As for the second, it is the foundation of the religion.
Anyone who claims to have seen the risen Jesus (back in the 40 day period)
is a believer, and therefore is discounted by those in this group; since
these are all ancients anyway, one again to choose to dismiss the whole
thing.  The third is as much a metaphysical relationship as anything else--
even those who agree to it have argued at length over what it *means*, so
again I don't see how evidence is possible.

I thus interpret the "extraordinary claims" claim as a statement that the
speaker will not accept *any* evidence on the matter.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51269
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: A Remarkable Admission

Jon Livesey writes:

>I'm certainly not going to attempt to distinguish between different
>flavours of Christian, all loudly claiming to be the One True Christian.

Well, it's obvious that you *don't* attempt, otherwise you would be aware
that they *don't* all "loudly [claim] to be the One True Christian".

I've tried to avoid using the phrase "is/is not christian" because of these
ownership issues; instead, I've tried the phrase "Nicene christianity" in an
attempt to identify the vast majority of "christianity" which has roughly
similar viewpoints on the core theological issues.  The JWs do not fall
within this group and in fact espouse a position known as Arianism, which is
rejected by all the nicene churches and virtually everyone else as well.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51270
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

Benedikt Rosenau writes:

>The argument goes as follows: Q-oid quotes appear in John, but not in
>the almost codified way they were in Matthew or Luke. However, they are
>considered to be similar enough to point to knowledge of Q as such, and
>not an entirely different source.

Assuming you are presenting it accurately, I don't see how this argument
really leads to any firm conclusion.  The material in John (I'm not sure
exactly what is referred to here, but I'll take for granted the similarity
to the Matt./Luke "Q" material) IS different; hence, one could have almost
any relationship between the two, right up to John getting it straight from
Jesus' mouth.

>We are talking date of texts here, not the age of the authors. The usual
>explanation for the time order of Mark, Matthew and Luke does not consider
>their respective ages. It says Matthew has read the text of Mark, and Luke
>that of Matthew (and probably that of Mark).

The version of the "usual theory" I have heard has Matthew and Luke
independently relying on Mark and "Q".  One would think that if Luke relied
on Matthew, we wouldn't have the grating inconsistencies in the geneologies,
for one thing.

>As it is assumed that John knew the content of Luke's text. The evidence
>for that is not overwhelming, admittedly.

This is the part that is particularly new to me.  If it were possible that
you could point me to a reference, I'd be grateful.

>>Unfortunately, I haven't got the info at hand.  It was (I think) in the late
>>'70s or early '80s, and it was possibly as old as CE 200.

>When they are from about 200, why do they shed doubt on the order on
>putting John after the rest of the three?

Because it closes up the gap between (supposed) writing and the existing
copy quit a bit.  The further away from the original, the more copies can be
written, and therefore survival becomes more probable.

>>And I don't think a "one step removed" source is that bad.  If Luke and Mark
>>and Matthew learned their stories directly from diciples, then I really
>>cannot believe in the sort of "big transformation from Jesus to gospel" that
>>some people posit.  In news reports, one generally gets no better
>>information than this.

>>And if John IS a diciple, then there's nothing more to be said.

>That John was a disciple is not generally accepted. The style and language
>together with the theology are usually used as counterargument.

I'm not really impressed with the "theology" argument.  But I'm really
pointing this out as an "if".  And as I pointed out earlier, one cannot make
these arguments about I Peter; I see no reason not to accept it as an
authentic letter.


>One step and one generation removed is bad even in our times. Compare that
>to reports of similar events in our century in almost illiterate societies.

The best analogy would be reporters talking to the participants, which is
not so bad.

>In other words, one does not know what the original of Mark did look like
>and arguments based on Mark are pretty weak.

But the statement of divinity is not in that section, and in any case, it's
agreed that the most important epistles predate Mark.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51271
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Yeah, Right

Benedikt Rosenau writes:

>And what about that revelation thing, Charley?

If you're talking about this intellectual engagement of revelation, well,
it's obviously a risk one takes.

>Many people say that the concept of metaphysical and religious knowledge
>is contradictive.

I'm not an objectivist, so I'm not particularly impressed with problems of
conceptualization.  The problem in this case is at least as bad as that of
trying to explain quantum mechanics and relativity in the terms of ordinary
experience.  One can get some rough understanding, but the language is, from
the perspective of ordinary phenomena, inconsistent, and from the
perspective of what's being described, rather inexact (to be charitable).

An analogous situation (supposedly) obtains in metaphysics; the problem is
that the "better" descriptive language is not available.

>And in case it holds reliable information, can you show how you establish
>that?

This word "reliable" is essentially meaningless in the context-- unless you
can show how reliability can be determined.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51272
From: gmiller@worldbank.org (Gene C. Miller)
Subject: Re: Radical Agnostic... NOT!

In article <1993Apr6.013657.5691@cnsvax.uwec.edu>, nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu
(David Nye) wrote:
> 
> [reply to zazen@austin.ibm.com (E. H. Welbon)]
>  
> >>>     There is no means that i can possibly think of to prove beyond doubt
> >>>that a god does not exist (but if anyone has one, by all means, tell me
> >>>what it is).  Therefore, lacking this ability of absolute proof, being an
> >>>atheist becomes an act of faith in and of itself, and this I cannot accept.
> >>> I accept nothing on blind faith.
>  
> >>Invisible Pink Flying Unicorns!  Need I say more?
>  
> >...I harbor no beliefs at all, there is no good evidence for god
> >existing or not.  Some folks call this agnosticism.  It does not suffer
> >from "blind faith" at all.  I think of it as "Don't worry, be happy".
>  
> For many atheists, the lack of belief in gods is secondary to an
> epistemological consideration:  what do we accept as a reliable way of
> knowing?  There are no known valid logical arguments for the existence
> of gods, nor is there any empirical evidence that they exist.  Most
> philosophers and theologians agree that the idea of a god is one that
> must be accepted on faith.  Faith is belief without a sound logical
> basis or empirical evidence.  It is a reliable way of knowing?
>  

Could you expand on your definition of knowing? It seems a bit monolithic
here, but I'm not sure that you intend that. Don't we need, for example, to
distinguish between "knowing" 2 plus 2 equals 4 (or 2 apples plus 2 apples
equals 4 apples), the French "knowing" that Jerry Lewis is an auteur, and
what it means to say we "know" what Socrates said?

> This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
> must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

I like this epigraph. Perhaps the issue is learning which, if any,
absurdities merit further exploration...Gene

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51273
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)

bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>My personal objection is that I find capital punishment to be
>cruel and unusual punishment under all circumstances.

It can be painless, so it isn't cruel.  And, it has occurred frequently
since the dawn of time, so it is hardly unusual.

>I don't take issue with the numbers.  A single innocent life taken
>is one too many.

But, innocents die due to many causes.  Why have you singled out
accidental or false execution as the one to take issue with?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51274
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Yeah, Right

In article <65882@mimsy.umd.edu> mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
}>For several years I've periodically asked Charley Wingate to explain this
}>mythical alternative to rationality which he propounds so enthusiastically
}>when he pops up every few months.  His reluctance to explain indicates to me
}>that it's not so hot.
}
}I've said enough times that there is no "alternative" that should think you
}might have caught on by now.  And there is no "alternative", but the point
}is, "rationality" isn't an alternative either.  The problems of metaphysical
}and religious knowledge are unsolvable-- or I should say, humans cannot
}solve them.

If there is truly no alternative, then you have no basis whatsoever
for your claim.  The usual line here, which you call "a prejudgment of
atheism", and dispute, is that reason is all we have.  Here you admit
that you have no alternative, no possible basis for the claim that
there is anything other than reason or that reason is inapplicable in
religious knowledge, except possibly that reason conflicts with
"religious knowledge".

This sounds very much like "I can't provide a rational defense for my
belief, but prefer to discard rationality rather than accept that it
may be false".  I hope it makes you happy, but your repeated and
unfounded assertions to this effect don't advance your cause.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51275
From: ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles)
Subject: Re: Yeah, Right

In article <66014@mimsy.umd.edu> mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
>Benedikt Rosenau writes:
>
>>And what about that revelation thing, Charley?
>
>If you're talking about this intellectual engagement of revelation, well,
>it's obviously a risk one takes.

 Ah, now here is the core question. Let me suggest a scenario.

 We will grant that a God exists, and uses revelation to communicate
with humans. (Said revelation taking the form (paraphrased from your
own words) 'This infinitely powerful deity grabs some poor schmuck,
makes him take dictation, and then hides away for a few hundred years'.)
 Now, there exists a human who has not personally experienced a
revelation. This person observes that not only do these revelations seem
to contain elements that contradict rather strongly aspects of the
observed world (which is all this person has ever seen), but there are
many mutually contradictory claims of revelation.

 Now, based on this, can this person be blamed for concluding, absent
a personal revelation of their own, that there is almost certainly
nothing to this 'revelation' thing?

>I'm not an objectivist, so I'm not particularly impressed with problems of
>conceptualization.  The problem in this case is at least as bad as that of
>trying to explain quantum mechanics and relativity in the terms of ordinary
>experience.  One can get some rough understanding, but the language is, from
>the perspective of ordinary phenomena, inconsistent, and from the
>perspective of what's being described, rather inexact (to be charitable).
>
>An analogous situation (supposedly) obtains in metaphysics; the problem is
>that the "better" descriptive language is not available.

 Absent this better language, and absent observations in support of the
claims of revelation, can one be blamed for doubting the whole thing?

 Here is what I am driving at: I have thought a long time about this. I
have come to the honest conclusion that if there is a deity, it is
nothing like the ones proposed by any religion that I am familiar with.
 Now, if there does happen to be, say, a Christian God, will I be held
accountable for such an honest mistake?

 Sincerely,

 Ray Ingles               ingles@engin.umich.edu

 "The meek can *have* the Earth. The rest of us are going to the
stars!" - Robert A. Heinlein

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51276
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals

In <1pkqe2INN54n@lynx.unm.edu> cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl) writes:

>In article <1993Apr3.081052.11292@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>[deleted, to get to the point:]
>> 
>> Therefore, in a nutshell, my opinion is that pre-marital sex makes the
>> likelihood of extra-marital sex more probable.  Furthermore,
>> in my opinion, extra-marital sex helps break down partnerships and leads
>> to greater divorce rates.  This in turn, in my opinion, creates trauma
>> and a less stable environment for children, who are then, in my opinion,
>> more likely to grow up with psychological problems such as depression,
>> etc.  And thus, sex outside of marriage is, in the long run, harmful to
>> society.

>I think that you are drawing links where there are none - having sex before
>marriage has nothing to do with adultery once committed into marriage. The
>issue as I see it is more of how committed you are to not foisting pain on
>your spouse, and how confident you are about yourself. 
>	In addition, what someone does within their marriage is their own 
>business, not mine, and not yours. I have witnessed strong relationships
>that incorporate extra-marital sex. 
>	I would agree with your assertion about children - children should not  be witness to such confusing relationships - if adultery is stressful to 
>adults, which I assume it in general is, how can we expect children to 
>understand it?
>> 
>> Where is the evidence for my opinions?  At the moment, there are just
>> generalities I can cite.  For example, I read that in the 20th century,
>> the percentage of youth (and people in general) who suffer from
>> depression has been steadily climbing in Western societies (probably
>> what I was reading referred particularly to the USA).  Similarly, one
>> can detect a trend towards greater occurrence of sex outside of marriage
>> in this century in Western societies -- particularly with the "sexual
>> revolution" of the 60's, but even before that I think (otherwise the
>> "sexual revolution" of the 60's would not have been possible),
>> particularly with the gradual weakening of Christianity and consequently
>> Christian moral teachings against sex outside of marriage.  I propose
>> that these two trends -- greater level of general depression in society
>> (and other psychological problems) and greater sexual promiscuity -- are
>> linked, with the latter being a prime cause of the former.  I cannot
>> provide any evidence beyond this at this stage, but the whole thesis
>> seems very reasonable to me and I request that people ponder upon it.

>Why is it more reasonable than the trend towards obesity and the trend towards
>depression? You can't just pick your two favorite trends, notice a correlation 
>in them, and make a sweeping statement of generality. I mean, you CAN, and 
>people HAVE, but that does not mean that it is a valid or reasonable thesis. 
>At best it's a gross oversimplification of the push-pull factors people 
>experience.  

My argument is mainly a proposal of what I think is a plausible argument
against extra-marital sex -- one which I personally believe has some
truth.  My main purpose for posting it here is to show that a
_plausible_ argument can be made against extra-marital sex.  At this
stage I am not saying that this particular viewpoint is proven or
anything like that, just that it is plausible.  To try to convince you
all of this particular point of view, I would probably have to do a lot
of work researching what has been done in this field, etc., in order to
gather further evidence, which I simply do not have time to do now.  

Also note that I said that I think extra-marital sex is "a prime cause"
(in my opinion) of the generally greater levels of psychological
problems, especially depression, in Western societies.  I am not saying
it is "the prime cause" or "the only cause", just "a prime cause" --
i.e. one of the significant contributions to this trend.  I think when
you say you think my view is simplistic, you have forgotten this -- I
admit that there are probably other factors, but I do think that
extra-marital sex (and, IMO, subsequent destabilization of the family)
is a significant factor in the rise in psychological problems like
depression in Western society this century.
 
 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51277
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals

In <ednclark.734054731@kraken> ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au (Jeffrey Clark) writes:

>cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl) writes:

>>Why is it more reasonable than the trend towards obesity and the trend towards
>>depression? You can't just pick your two favorite trends, notice a correlation 
>>in them, and make a sweeping statement of generality. I mean, you CAN, and 
>>people HAVE, but that does not mean that it is a valid or reasonable thesis. 
>>At best it's a gross oversimplification of the push-pull factors people 
>>experience.  

[...]
>Basically the social interactions of all the changing factors in our society
>are far too complicated for us to control. We just have to hold on to the
>panic handles and hope that we are heading for a soft landing. But one
>things for sure, depression and the destruction of the nuclear family is not
>due solely to sex out of marriage.

Note that I _never_ said that depression and the destruction of the
nuclear family is due _solely_ to extra-marital sex.  I specifically
said that it was "a prime cause" of this, not "the prime cause" or "the
only cause" of this -- I recognize that there are probably other factors
too, but I think that extra-marital sex and subsequent destabilization
of the family is probably a significant factor to the rise in
psychological problems, including depression, in the West in the 20th
century.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51278
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: Rationality (was: Islamic marriage)?

In <1993Apr4.093904.20517@proxima.alt.za> lucio@proxima.alt.za (Lucio de Re) writes:

>darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:

>>My point of view is that the argument "all sexism is bad" just simply
>>does not hold.  Let me give you an example.  How about permitting a
>>woman to temporarily leave her job due to pregnancy -- should that be
>>allowed?  It happens to be sexist, as it gives a particular right only
>>to women.  Nevertheless, despite the fact that it is sexist, I completely 
>>support such a law, because I think it is just.

>Fred, you're exasperating...  Sexism, like racialism, is a form of
>discrimination, using obvious physical or cultural differences to deny
>one portion of the population the same rights as another.

>In this context, your example above holds no water whatsoever:
>there's no discrimination in "denying" men maternity leave, in fact
>I'm quite convinced that, were anyone to experiment with male
>pregnancy, it would be possible for such a future father to take
>leave on medical grounds.

Okay... I argued this thoroughly about 3-4 weeks ago.  Men and women are
different ... physically, physiologically, and psychologically.  Much
recent evidence for this statement is present in the book "Brainsex" by
Anne Moir and David Jessel.  I recommend you find a copy and read it.
Their book is an overview of recent scientific research on this topic
and is well referenced. 

Now, if women and men are different in some ways, the law can only
adequately take into account their needs in these areas where they are
different by also taking into account the ways in which men and women
are different.  Maternity leave is an example of this -- it takes into
account that women get pregnant.  It does not give women the same rules
it would give to men, because to treat women like it treats men in this
instance would be unjust.  This is just simply an obvious example of
where men and women are intrinsically different!!!!!

Now, people make the _naive_ argument that sexism = oppression.
However, maternity leave is sexist because MEN DO NOT GET PREGNANT. 
Men do not have the same access to leave that women do (not to the same
extent or degree), and therefore IT IS SEXIST.  No matter however much a
man _wants_ to get pregnant and have maternity leave, HE NEVER CAN.  And
therefore the law IS SEXIST.  No man can have access to maternity leave,
NO MATTER HOW HARD HE TRIES TO GET PREGNANT.  I hope this is clear.

Maternity leave is an example where a sexist law is just, because the
sexism here just reflects the "sexism" of nature in making men and women
different.  There are many other differences between men and women which
are far more subtle than pregnancy, and to find out more of these I
recommend you have a look at the book "Brainsex".

Your point that perhaps some day men can also be pregnant is fallacious.
If men can one day become pregnant it will be by having biologically
become women!  To have a womb and the other factors required for
pregnancy is usually wrapped up in the definition of what a woman is --
so your argument, when it is examined, is seen to be fallacious.  You
are saying that men can have the sexist maternity leave privilege that 
women can have if they also become women -- which actually just supports
my statement that maternity leave is sexist.

>The discrimination comes in when a woman is denied opportunities
>because of her (legally determined) sexual inferiorities.  As I
>understand most religious sexual discrimination, and I doubt that
>Islam is exceptional, the female is not allowed into the priestly
>caste and in general is subjugated so that she has no aspirations to
>rights which, as an equal human, she ought to be entitled to.

There is no official priesthood in Islam -- much of this function is
taken by Islamic scholars.  There are female Islamic scholars and
female Islamic scholars have always existed in Islam.  An example from
early Islamic history is the Prophet's widow, Aisha, who was recognized
in her time and is recognized in our time as an Islamic scholar.

>No matter how sweetly you coat it, part of the role of religions
>seems, historically, to have served the function of oppressing the
>female, whether by forcing her to procreate to the extent where
>there is no opportunity for self-improvement, or by denying her
>access to the same facilities the males are offered.

You have no evidence for your blanket statement about all religions, and
I dispute it.  I could go on and on about women in Islam, etc., but I
recently reposted something here under the heading "Islam and Women" --
if it is still at your news-site I suggest you read it.  It is reposted
from soc.religion.islam, so if it has disappeared from alt.atheism it
still might be in soc.religion.islam (I forgot what its original title
was though).  I will email it to you if you like. 

>The Roman Catholic Church is the most blatant of the culprit,
>because they actually istitutionalised a celibate clergy, but the
>other religious are no different: let a woman attempt to escape her
>role as child bearer and the wrath of god descends on her.

Your statement that "other religions are no different" is, I think, a
statement based simply on lack of knowledge about religions other than
Christianity and perhaps Judaism.

>I'll accept your affirmation that Islam grants women the same rights
>as men when you can show me that any muslim woman can aspire to the
>same position as (say) Khomeini and there are no artificial religious
>or social obstacles on her path to achieve this.

Aisha, who I mentioned earlier, was not only an Islamic scholar but also
was, at one stage, a military leader.

>Show me the equivalent of Hillary Rhodam-Clinton within Islam, and I
>may consider discussing the issue with you.

The Prophet's first wife, who died just before the "Hijra" (the
Prophet's journey from Mecca to Medina) was a successful businesswoman.

Lucio, you cannot make a strong case for your viewpoint when your
viewpoint is based on ignorance about world religions.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51279
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals

In <16BA6C947.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:

>In article <1993Apr3.081052.11292@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
>darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
> 
>>There has been some discussion on the pros and cons about sex outside of
>>marriage.
>>
>>I personally think that part of the value of having lasting partnerships
>>between men and women is that this helps to provide a stable and secure
>>environment for children to grow up in.
>(Deletion)
> 
>As an addition to Chris Faehl's post, what about homosexuals?

Well, from an Islamic viewpoint, homosexuality is not the norm for
society.  I cannot really say much about the Islamic viewpoint on homosexuality 
as it is not something I have done much research on.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51280
From: ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles)
Subject: Re: Benediktine Metaphysics

In article <66019@mimsy.umd.edu> mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
>Benedikt Rosenau writes, with great authority:
>
>>     IF IT IS CONTRADICTORY IT CANNOT EXIST.
>
>"Contradictory" is a property of language.  If I correct this to
>
>      THINGS DEFINED BY CONTRADICTORY LANGUAGE DO NOT EXIST
>
>I will object to definitions as reality.  If you then amend it to
>
>      THINGS DESCRIBED BY CONTRADICTORY LANGUAGE DO NOT EXIST
>
>then we've come to something which is plainly false.  Failures in
>description are merely failures in description.

 How about this description: "An object that is, at one time, both a
Euclidean square and a Euclidean circle"? I hold that no object satisfying
this description could exist. The description is inconsistent, and hence
describes an object that could not exist.
 Now, suppose someone pointed to a bicycle, and said, "That object is,
at one time, both a Euclidean square and a Euclidean circle." This does
not mean that the bicycle does not exist, it measn that the description
was incorrectly applied.
 
 The atheist says, "The descriptions of God that I have been presented with
are contradictory, and hence describe something that cannot exist."
 Now, your position (so far as I can gather) is that God exists, but the
descriptions atheists have been presented with are simply bad descriptions
of It.
 This is roughly analogous to someone who has never seen a bicycle, and,
when they ask for a description from people who claim to have seen one,
are told that it is a "Euclidean circle-square". Can they be blamed for
doubting rather strongly that this 'bicycle' exists at all?

>(I'm not an objectivist, remember.)

 No kidding. :->

 Sincerely,

 Ray Ingles               ingles@engin.umich.edu

 "The meek can *have* the Earth. The rest of us are going to the
stars!" - Robert A. Heinlein

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51281
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <1993Apr6.124112.12959@dcs.warwick.ac.uk> simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale) writes:

>For the guy who said he's just arrived, and asked whether Bobby's for real,
>you betcha. Welcome to alt.atheism, and rest assured that it gets worse.
>I have a few pearls of wisdom from Bobby which I reproduce below. Is anyone
>(Keith?) keeping a big file of such stuff?

	Sorry, I was, but I somehow have misplaced my diskette from the last 
couple of months or so. However, thanks to the efforts of Bobby, it is being 
replenished rather quickly!  

	Here is a recent favorite:

	--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 


--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51282
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses (good grief!)
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <66018@mimsy.umd.edu> mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:

>The amount of energy being spent on ONE LOUSY SYLLOGISM says volumes for the
>true position of reason in this group.

	I agree, we spend too much energy on the nonexistance of God.

--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51283
From: ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles)
Subject: Evo. & Homosexuality (Was Re: Princeton etc.)


 Sorry, Bill, I had to clear this up. There may be good evolutionary
arguments against homosexuality, but these don't qualify.

In article <C4vwn0.JF5@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>C.Wainwright (eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk) wrote:
[deletions]
>: |> It would seem odd if homosexuality had any evolutionary function
[deletions]
>: So *every* time a man has sex with a woman they intend to produce children?
>: Hmm...no wonder the world is overpopulated.  Obviously you keep to the
>: Monty Python song:  "Every sperm is sacred".  And if, as *you* say, it has
>: a purpose as a means to limit population growth then it is, by your own 
>: arguement, natural.
>
>Consider the context, I'm talking about an evolutionary function. One
>of the most basic requirements of evolution is that members of a
>species procreate, those who don't have no purpose in that context.

 Oh? I guess all those social insects (e.g. ants, bees, etc.) which
have one breeding queen and a whole passel of sterile workers are on
the way out, huh?
 
>: These days is just ain't true!  People can decide whether or not to have 
>: children and when.  Soon they will be able to choose it's sex &c (but that's 
>: another arguement...) so it's more of a "lifestyle" decision.  Again by
>: your arguement, since homosexuals can not (or choose not) to reproduce they
>: must be akin to people who decide to have sex but not children.  Both are 
>: as "unnatural" as each other.
>
>Yet another non-sequitur. Sex is an evolutionary function that exists
>for procreation, that it is also recreation is incidental. That
>homosexuals don't procreate means that sex is -only- recreation and
>nothing more; they serve no -evolutionary- purpose.

 I refer you to the bonobos, a species of primate as closeley related to
humans as chimpanzees (that is, very closely). They have sex all the
time, homosexual as well as heterosexual. When the group finds food, they
have sex. Before the go to sleep at night, they have sex. After they
escape from or fight off prdators, they have sex. Sex serves a very important
social function above and beyond reproduction in this species. A species
closely related to humans. There is some indication that sex performs
a social function in humans, as well, but even if not, this shows that
such a function is not *impossible*.

 Sincerely,

 Ray Ingles               ingles@engin.umich.edu

 "The meek can *have* the Earth. The rest of us are going to the
stars!" - Robert A. Heinlein

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51284
Subject: Vonnegut/atheism
From: dmn@kepler.unh.edu (...until kings become philosophers or philosophers become kings)



   Yesterday, I got the chance to hear Kurt Vonnegut speak at the
University of New Hampshire. Vonnegut succeeded Isaac Asimov as the 
(honorary?) head of the American Humanist Association. (Vonnegut is
an atheist, and so was Asimov) Before Asimov's funeral, Vonnegut stood up
and said about Asimov, "He's in heaven now," which ignited uproarious 
laughter in the room. (from the people he was speaking to around the time
of the funeral)

	 "It's the funniest thing I could have possibly said
to a room full of humanists," Vonnegut said at yesterday's lecture. 

         If Vonnegut comes to speak at your university, I highly recommend
going to see him even if you've never read any of his novels. In my opinion,
he's the greatest living humorist. (greatest living humanist humorist as well)


   Peace,

     Dana

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51285
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <1993Apr6.151843.15240@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>I should clarify what Muslims usually mean when they say "Muslim".  In
>general, anyone who calls themselves a "Muslim" and does not do or 
>outwardly profess
>something in clear contradiction with the essential teachings of Islam
>is considered to be a Muslim.  Thus, one who might do things contrary to
>Islam (through ignorance, for example) does not suddenly _not_ become a
>Muslim.  If one knowingly transgresses Islamic teachings and essential
>principles, though, then one does leave Islam.

	You and Mr. bobby really need to sit down and decide what
exactly Islam  *is* before posting here.

	According to 'Zlumber, one is NOT a muslim when one is doing evil. 
[ A muslin can do no evil ] According to him, one who does evil is suffering 
from "temporary athiesm."

	Now, would the members who claim to be "Muslims" get their stories 
straight????

--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51286
Subject: Re: Request for Support
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <1993Apr5.095148.5730@sei.cmu.edu> dpw@sei.cmu.edu (David Wood) writes:

>2. If you must respond to one of his articles, include within it
>something similar to the following:
>
>    "Please answer the questions posed to you in the Charley Challenges."

	Agreed.

--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51287
Subject: Re: Bill Conner:
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <C4y976.MLr@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:

>Could you explain what any of this pertains to? Is this a position
>statement on something or typing practice? And why are you using my
>name, do you think this relates to anything I've said and if so, what.
>
>Bill

 Could you explain what any of the above pertains to? Is this a position 
statement on something or typing practice? 
--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51288
From: mayne@pipe.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <JVIGNEAU.93Apr5182106@cs.ulowell.edu> jvigneau@cs.ulowell.edu (Joe Vigneau) writes:
>
>If anything, the BSA has taught me, I don't know, tolerance or something.
>Before I met this guy, I thought all gays were 'faries'.  So, the BSA HAS
>taught me to be an antibigot.

I could give much the same testimonial about my experience as a scout
back in the 1960s. The issue wasn't gays, but the principles were the
same. Thanks for a well put testimonial. Stan Krieger and his kind who
think this discussion doesn't belong here and his intolerance is the
only acceptable position in scouting should take notice. The BSA has
been hijacked by the religious right, but some of the core values have
survived in spite of the leadership and some scouts and former scouts
haven't given up. Seeing a testimonial like this reminds me that
scouting is still worth fighting for.

On a cautionary note, you must realize that if your experience with this
camp leader was in the BSA you may be putting him at risk by publicizing
it. Word could leak out to the BSA gestapo.

Bill Mayne

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51290
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

C.Wainwright (eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk) wrote:
: I
: |> Jim,
: |> 
: |> I always thought that homophobe was only a word used at Act UP
: |> rallies, I didn't beleive real people used it. Let's see if we agree
: |> on the term's definition. A homophobe is one who actively and
: |> militantly attacks homosexuals because he is actually a latent
: |> homosexual who uses his hostility to conceal his true orientation.
: |> Since everyone who disapproves of or condemns homosexuality is a
: |> homophobe (your implication is clear), it must necessarily follow that
: |> all men are latent homosexuals or bisexual at the very least.
: |> 
: 
: Crap crap crap crap crap.  A definition of any type of 'phobe comes from
: phobia = an irrational fear of.  Hence a homophobe (not only in ACT UP meetings,
: the word is apparently in general use now.  Or perhaps it isn't in the bible?  
: Wouldst thou prefer if I were to communicate with thou in bilespeak?)
: 
: Does an arachnophobe have an irrational fear of being a spider?  Does an
: agoraphobe have an irrational fear of being a wide open space?  Do you
: understand English?
: 
: Obviously someone who has  phobia will react to it.  They will do their best
: to avoid it and if that is not possible they will either strike out or
: run away.  Or do gaybashings occur because of natural processes?  People
: who definately have homophobia will either run away from gay people or
: cause them (or themselves) violence.
: 

Isn't that what I said ...
What are you taking issue with here, your remarks are merely
parenthetical to mine and add nothing useful.

: [...]
: 
: |> It would seem odd if homosexuality had any evolutionary function
: |> (other than limiting population growth) since evolution only occurs
: |> when the members of one generation pass along their traits to
: |> subsequent generations. Homosexuality is an evolutionary deadend. If I
: |> take your usage of the term, homophobe, in the sense you seem to
: |> intend, then all men are really homosexual and evolution of our
: |> species at least, is going nowhere.
: |> 
: 
: So *every* time a man has sex with a woman they intend to produce children?
: Hmm...no wonder the world is overpopulated.  Obviously you keep to the
: Monty Python song:  "Every sperm is sacred".  And if, as *you* say, it has
: a purpose as a means to limit population growth then it is, by your own 
: arguement, natural.

Consider the context, I'm talking about an evolutionary function. One
of the most basic requirements of evolution is that members of a
species procreate, those who don't have no purpose in that context.

: 
: |> Another point is that if the offspring of each generation is to
: |> survive, the participation of both parents is necessary - a family must
: |> exist, since homosexuals do not reproduce, they cannot constitute a
: |> family. Since the majority of humankind is part of a family,
: |> homosexuality is an evolutionary abberation, contrary to nature if you
: |> will.
: |> 
: 
: Well if that is true, by your own arguements homosexuals would have 
: vanished *years* ago due to non-procreation.  Also the parent from single
: parent families should put the babies out in the cold now, cos they must,
: by your arguement, die.

By your argument, homosexuality is genetically determined. As to your
second point, you prove again that you have no idea what context
means. I am talking about evolution, the preservation of the species,
the fundamental premise of the whole process.
: 
: |> But it gets worse. Since the overwhelming majority of people actually
: |> -prefer- a heterosexual relationship, homosexuality is a social
: |> abberation as well. The homosexual eschews the biological imperative
: |> to reproduce and then the social imperative to form and participate in
: |> the most fundamental social element, the family. But wait, there's
: |> more.
: |> 
: 
: Read the above.  I expect you to have at least ten children by now, with
: the family growing.  These days sex is less to do with procreation (admittedly
: without it there would be no-one) but more to do with pleasure.  In pre-pill
: and pre-condom days, if you had sex there was the chance of producing children.
: These days is just ain't true!  People can decide whether or not to have 
: children and when.  Soon they will be able to choose it's sex &c (but that's 
: another arguement...) so it's more of a "lifestyle" decision.  Again by
: your arguement, since homosexuals can not (or choose not) to reproduce they must
: be akin to people who decide to have sex but not children.  Both are 
: as "unnatural" as each other.

Yet another non-sequitur. Sex is an evolutionary function that exists
for procreation, that it is also recreation is incidental. That
homosexuals don't procreate means that sex is -only- recreation and
nothing more; they serve no -evolutionary- purpose.

: 
: |> Since homosexuals have come out the closet and have convinced some
: |> policy makers that they have civil rights, they are now claiming that
: |> their sexuality is a preference, a life-style, an orientation, a
: |> choice that should be protected by law. Now if homosexuality is a mere
: |> choice and if it is both contrary to nature and anti-social, then it
: |> is a perverse choice; they have even less credibility than before they
: |> became prominent. 
: |> 
: 
: People are people are people.  Who are you to tell anyone else how to live
: their life?  Are you god(tm)?  If so, fancy a date?

Here's pretty obvious dodge, do you really think you've said anything
or do you just feel obligated to respond to every statement? I am not
telling anyone anything, I am demonstrating that there are arguments
against the practice of homosexuality (providing it's a merely an
alternate lifestlye) that are not homophobic, that one can reasonably
call it perverse in a context even a atheist can understand. I realize
of course that this comes dangerously close to establishing  a value,
and that atheists are compelled to object on that basis, but if you
are to be consistent, you have no case in this regard.
: 
: |> To characterize any opposition to homosexuality as homophobic is to
: |> ignore some very compelling arguments against the legitimization of
: |> the homosexual "life-style". But since the charge is only intended to
: |> intimidate, it's really just demogoguery and not to be taken
: |> seriously. Fact is, Jim, there are far more persuasive arguments for
: |> suppressing homosexuality than those given, but consider this a start.
: |> 
: 
: Again crap.  All your arguments are based on outdated ideals.  Likewise the
: bible.  Would any honest Christian condemn the ten generations spawned by
: a "bastard" to eternal damnation?  Or someone who crushes his penis (either
: accidently or not..!).  Both are in Deuteronomy.

I'm sure your comment pertains to something, but you've disguised it
so well I can't see what. Where did I mention ideals, out-dated or
otherwise? Your arguments are very reactionary; do you have anything
at all to contribute?

: 
: |> As to why homosexuals should be excluded from participation in
: |> scouting, the reasons are the same as those used to restrict them from
: |> teaching; by their own logic, homosexuals are deviates, social and
: |> biological. Since any adult is a role model for a child, it is
: |> incumbent on the parent to ensure that the child be isolated from
: |> those who would do the child harm. In this case, harm means primarily
: |> social, though that could be extended easily enough.
: |> 
: |> 
: 
: You show me *anyone* who has sex in a way that everyone would describe as
: normal, and will take of my hat (Puma baseball cap) to you.  "One man's meat
: is another man's poison"!
: 

What has this got to do with anything? Would you pick a single point
that you find offensive and explain your objections, I would really
like to believe that you can discuss this issue intelligibly.

Bill



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51291
Subject: Fluids vs Liquids
From: mikec@sail.LABS.TEK.COM (Micheal Cranford)

west@next02.wam.umd.edu (Brian West) writes:
[ deleted ]
>A similar analogy can be made with glass. For those of you who don't 
>know, glass is a liquid (go ask your science teacher) and DOES flow.
[ deleted ]

  If your science teacher tells you glass is a liquid, try to get a different
science teacher B^).  Glass is a supercooled fluid, it is not a liquid (except
at very high temperatures).  The definition of liquid includes "readily takes
the form of its container".  Let's try to be more accurate here.  We don't want
people to think we're creationists now do we?


  UUCP:  uunet!tektronix!sail!mikec  or                  M.Cranford
         uunet!tektronix!sail.labs.tek.com!mikec         Principal Troll
  ARPA:  mikec%sail.LABS.TEK.COM@RELAY.CS.NET            Resident Skeptic
  CSNet: mikec@sail.LABS.TEK.COM                         TekLabs, Tektronix


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51292
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <C4vyFu.JJ6@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:

>Keith M. Ryan (kmr4@po.CWRU.edu) wrote:
>: 
>: 	Wild and fanciful claims require greater evidence. If you state that 
>: one of the books in your room is blue, I certainly do not need as much 
>: evidence to believe than if you were to claim that there is a two headed 
>: leapard in your bed. [ and I don't mean a male lover in a leotard! ]
>
>Keith, 
>
>If the issue is, "What is Truth" then the consequences of whatever
>proposition argued is irrelevent. If the issue is, "What are the consequences
>if such and such -is- True", then Truth is irrelevent. Which is it to
>be?

	I disagree: every proposition needs a certain amount of evidence 
and support, before one can believe it. There are a miriad of factors for 
each individual. As we are all different, we quite obviously require 
different levels of evidence.

	As one pointed out, one's history is important. While in FUSSR, one 
may not believe a comrade who states that he owns five pairs of blue jeans. 
One would need more evidence, than if one lived in the United States. The 
only time such a statement here would raise an eyebrow in the US, is if the 
individual always wear business suits, etc.

	The degree of the effect upon the world, and the strength of the 
claim also determine the amount of evidence necessary. When determining the 
level of evidence one needs, it is most certainly relevent what the 
consequences of the proposition are.



	If the consequences of a proposition is irrelvent, please explain 
why one would not accept: The electro-magnetic force of attraction between 
two charged particles is inversely proportional to the cube of their 
distance apart. 

	Remember, if the consequences of the law are not relevent, then
we can not use experimental evidence as a disproof. If one of the 
consequences of the law is an incongruency between the law and the state of 
affairs, or an incongruency between this law and any other natural law, 
they are irrelevent when theorizing about the "Truth" of the law.

	Given that any consequences of a proposition is irrelvent, including 
the consequence of self-contradiction or contradiction with the state of 
affiars, how are we ever able to  judge what is true or not; let alone find
"The Truth"?



	By the way, what is "Truth"? Please define before inserting it in 
the conversation. Please explain what "Truth" or "TRUTH" is. I do think that 
anything is ever known for certain. Even if there IS a "Truth", we could 
never possibly know if it were. I find the concept to be meaningless.

--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51293
Subject: Re: Is Morality Constant (was Re: Biblical Rape)
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <C4w5pv.JxD@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:

>There are a couple of things about your post and others in this thread
>that are a little confusing. An atheist is one for whom all things can
>be understood as processes of nature - exclusively. There is no need
>for any recourse to Divnity to describe or explain anything. There is
>no purpose or direction for any event beyond those required by
>physics, chemistry, biology, etc.; everything is random, nothing is
>determnined.

	This posts contains too many fallacies to respond too.

	1) The abolishment of divinity requires the elimination of 
freewill. 

	You have not shown this. You have not even attempted to. However,
the existance of an Omniscience being does eliminate freewill in mortals.*

	* Posted over five months ago. No one has been able to refute it, 
nor give any reasonable reasons against it.

--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51294
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)

In article <66015@mimsy.umd.edu>
mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>I cannot see any evidence for the V. B. which the cynics in this group would
>ever accept.  As for the second, it is the foundation of the religion.
>Anyone who claims to have seen the risen Jesus (back in the 40 day period)
>is a believer, and therefore is discounted by those in this group; since
>these are all ancients anyway, one again to choose to dismiss the whole
>thing.  The third is as much a metaphysical relationship as anything else--
>even those who agree to it have argued at length over what it *means*, so
>again I don't see how evidence is possible.
>
 
No cookies, Charlie. The claims that Jesus have been seen are discredited
as extraordinary claims that don't match their evidence. In this case, it
is for one that the gospels cannot even agree if it was Jesus who has been
seen. Further, there are zillions of other spook stories, and one would
hardly consider others even in a religious context to be some evidence of
a resurrection.
 
There have been more elaborate arguments made, but it looks as if they have
not passed your post filtering.
 
 
>I thus interpret the "extraordinary claims" claim as a statement that the
>speaker will not accept *any* evidence on the matter.
 
It is no evidence in the strict meaning. If there was actual evidence it would
probably be part of it, but the says nothing about the claims.
 
 
Charlie, I have seen Invisible Pink Unicorns!
By your standards we have evidence for IPUs now.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51295
Subject: Re: Contradictions
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <C52oys.2CLJ@austin.ibm.com> yoder@austin.ibm.com (Stuart R. Yoder) writes:
>: 
>: Then what would it have to do with "in the universe"?  You theists
>: cannot understand that inside the universe and outside the universe
>: are two different places.  Put God outside the universe and you
>: subtract from it the ability to interact with the inside of the
>: universe, put it inside the universe and you impose the rules of
>: physics on it.
>
>1.  God is outside the universe.
>2.  Things outside the universe do not have 'the ability to interact
>    with the inside of the universe'.
>3.  Therefore God cannot interact inside the universe.
>
>(2) has no basis whatsoever.  You seem to have positive knowledge
>about this.

	(2) is a corrallary of (1).

	The negation of (2) would contridict (1).

>
>: Although we do not have a complete model of the physical rules
>: governing the inside of the universe, we expect that there are no
>: contradictory events likely to destroy the fabric of modern physics.
>: On the other hand, your notion of an omnipotent, omniscient and
>: infinitely benevolent god, is not subject to physical laws: you
>: attempt to explain this away by describing it as being outside of
>: them, beyond measurement.  To me, beyond measurement means it can
>: have no measurable effect on reality, so it cannot interact: ergo,
>: your god is IRRELEVANT.
>
>1.  God is beyond measure.
>2.  Beyond measurement means it can have no measurable effect on
>    reality.
>3.  Therefore God cannot have a measurable effect on reality.
>
>(2) has no basis whatsoever.

  (2) Is a corrallary of (1)

  The negation of (2) would contradict (1).
--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51296
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Ontology (was: Benediktine Metaphysics)

In article <66019@mimsy.umd.edu>
mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
 
>
>>     IF IT IS CONTRADICTORY IT CANNOT EXIST.
>
>"Contradictory" is a property of language.  If I correct this to
>
>
>      THINGS DEFINED BY CONTRADICTORY LANGUAGE DO NOT EXIST
>
 
No need to correct it, it stands as it is said.
 
 
 
>I will object to definitions as reality.  If you then amend it to
>
>      THINGS DESCRIBED BY CONTRADICTORY LANGUAGE DO NOT EXIST
>
>then we've come to something which is plainly false.  Failures in
>description are merely failures in description.
>
 
You miss the point entirely. Things defined by contradictory language
do not exist. Though something existing might be meant, conclusions
drawn from the description are wrong, unless there is the possibility
to find the described, and draw conclusions from direct knowledge of
the described then. Another possibility is to drop the contradictory
part, but that implies that one can trust the concept as presented
and that one has not got to doubt the source of it as well.
 
>(I'm not an objectivist, remember.)
>
 
Neither am I. But either things are directly sensed (which includes
some form of modelling, by the way) or they are used in modelling.
Using something contradictive in modelling is not approved of.
Wonder why?
 
We remain with the question if something contradictory can be sensed
as contradictory. An important point is that either one manages to
resolve the contradictions or one is forced not to use or to refer
to the contradictory part in drawing conclusions, or one will fall
in the garbage in garbage out trap.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51297
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

(References: deleted to move this to a new thread)

In article <114133@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>In article <1phkf7INN86p@dsi.dsinc.com> perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:

>>}Rushdie is, however, as I understand, a muslim.
>>}The fact that he's a British citizen does not preclude his being muslim.
>
>>Rushdie was an atheist (to use local terminology, not to put words in
>>his mouth) at the time of writing TSV and at the time of the fatwa in
>>February 1989.[...]
>
>Well, if he was born muslim (I am fairly certain he was) then he _is_ 
>muslim until he explicitly renounces Islam. So far as I know he has never
>explicitly renounced Islam, though he may have been in extreme doubt
>about the existence of God. Being muslim is a legal as well as
>intellectual issue, according to Islam.

"To put it as simply as possible: *I am not a Muslim*.[...] I do not
 accept the charge of apostacy, because I have never in my adult life
 affirmed any belief, and what one has not affirmed one can not be
 said to have apostasized from.  The Islam I know states clearly that
 'there can be no coercion in matters of religion'.  The many Muslims
 I respect would be horrified by the idea that they belong to their
 faith *purely by virtue of birth*, and that a person who freely chose
 not to be a Muslim could therefore be put to death."
    	    	    	    	Salman Rushdie, "In Good Faith", 1990

"God, Satan, Paradise, and Hell all vanished one day in my fifteenth
 year, when I quite abruptly lost my faith.  [...]and afterwards, to
 prove my new-found atheism, I bought myself a rather tasteless ham
 sandwich, and so partook for the first time of the forbidden flesh of
 the swine.  No thunderbolt arrived to strike me down. [...] From that
 day to this I have thought of myself as a wholly seculat person."
    	    	    	    	Salman Rushdie, "In God We Trust", 1985
 
>>[I] think the Rushdie affair has discredited Islam more in my eyes than
>>Khomeini -- I know there are fanatics and fringe elements in all
>>religions, but even apparently "moderate" Muslims have participated or
>>refused to distance themselves from the witch-hunt against Rushdie.
>
>Yes, I think this is true, but there Khomenei's motivations are quite
>irrelevant to the issue. The fact of the matter is that Rushdie made
>false statements (fiction, I know, but where is the line between fact
>and fiction?) about the life of Mohammad. 

Only a functional illiterate with absolutely no conception of the
nature of the novel could think such a thing.  I'll accept it
(reluctantly) from mobs in Pakistan, but not from you.  What is
presented in the fictional dream of a demented character cannot by the
wildest stretch of the imagination be considered a reflection on the
actual Mohammad.  What's worse, the novel doesn't present the
Mahound/Mohammed character in any worse light than secular histories
of Islam; in particular, there is no "lewd" misrepresentation of his
life or that of his wives.

>That is why
>few people rush to his defense -- he's considered an absolute fool for 
>his writings in _The Satanic Verses_. 

Don't hold back; he's considered an apostate and a blasphemer.
However, it's not for his writing in _The Satanic Verses_, but for
what people have accepted as a propagandistic version of what is
contained in that book.  I have yet to find *one single muslim* who
has convinced me that they have read the book.  Some have initially
claimed to have done so, but none has shown more knowledge of the book
than a superficial Newsweek story might impart, and all have made
factual misstatements about events in the book.

>If you wish to understand the
>reasons behind this as well has the origin of the concept of "the
>satanic verses" [...] see the
>Penguin paperback by Rafiq Zakariyah called _Mohammad and the Quran_.

I'll keep an eye out for it.  I have a counter-proposal: I suggest
that you see the Viking hardcover by Salman Rushdie called _The
Satanic Verses_.  Perhaps then you'll understand.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51298
From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

In article <1993Apr2.115300.803@batman.bmd.trw.com>, jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
|> In article <C4twso.8M2@HQ.Ileaf.COM>, mukesh@HQ.Ileaf.COM (Mukesh Prasad) writes:
|> > In article <1993Apr1.142854.794@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
|> >> In article <1p8v1aINN9e9@matt.ksu.ksu.edu>, strat@matt.ksu.ksu.edu (Steve Davis) writes:
|> >> > bskendig@netcom.com (Brian Kendig) writes:
|> >> > 
|> >> >>- The Earth is evil because Satan rules over it.
|> >> > 
|> >> > This is a new one to me.  I guess it's been a while since a Witness
|> >> > bothered with me.  Are they implying that Satan is omniscient?  You
|> >> > might try tricking them into saying that Satan is 'all-knowing' and
|> >> > then use that statement to show them how their beliefs are
|> >> > self-contradictary.  
|> >> 
|> >> No, Satan is not omniscient, but he does hold dominion over the earth
|> >> according to Christian theology (note, not to be confused with JW's
|> >> theology). 
|> >> 
|> > 
|> > What are the standard theologies on who/what created Satan,
|> > and why?
|> > 
|> 
|> Orthodox Christian theology states that God created Lucifer (Satan)
|> along with the other angels, presumably because He wanted beings to
|> celebrate (glorify) existence and life (and thereby, God) along with
|> Him.  Actually the whys and wherefores of God's motivations for 
|> creating the angels are not a big issue within Christian theology.
|> 
|> But God created Lucifer with a perfect nature and gave him along with
|> the other angels free moral will.  Lucifer was a high angel (perhaps
|> the highest) with great authority.  It seems that his greatness caused
|> him to begin to take pride in himself and desire to be equal to or
|> greater than God.  He forgot his place as a created being.  He exalted
|> himself above God, and thereby evil and sin entered creation.

Actually, the story goes that Lucifer refused to bow before MAN as 
God commanded him to.  Lucifer was devoted to God.

Oh yeah, there is nothing in Genesis that says the snake was anything
more than a snake (well, a talking one...had legs at the time, too).

I don't think pointing out contradictions in STORIES is the best way
to show the error in theology:  if they think a supernatural entity
kicked the first humans out of paradise because they bit into a
fruit that gave them special powers...well, they might not respond
well to reason and logic.  :^)

Brian /-|-\



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51299
From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals

In article <1993Apr3.081052.11292@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
|> There has been some discussion on the pros and cons about sex outside of
|> marriage.
  ...
|> 
|> Where is the evidence for my opinions?  At the moment, there are just
|> generalities I can cite.  For example, I read that in the 20th century,
|> the percentage of youth (and people in general) who suffer from
|> depression has been steadily climbing in Western societies (probably
|> what I was reading referred particularly to the USA).  Similarly, one
|> can detect a trend towards greater occurrence of sex outside of marriage
|> in this century in Western societies -- particularly with the "sexual
|> revolution" of the 60's, but even before that I think (otherwise the
|> "sexual revolution" of the 60's would not have been possible),
|> particularly with the gradual weakening of Christianity and consequently
|> Christian moral teachings against sex outside of marriage.  I propose
|> that these two trends -- greater level of general depression in society
|> (and other psychological problems) and greater sexual promiscuity -- are
|> linked, with the latter being a prime cause of the former.  I cannot
|> provide any evidence beyond this at this stage, but the whole thesis
|> seems very reasonable to me and I request that people ponder upon it.
|> 
|>  Fred Rice <-- a Muslim, giving his point of view.
|>  darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

I think this is a big leap sex->depression.  One example is myself,
where no sex->depression :)  But, seriously 1) promiscuity is on a decline,
depression is not and 2) it might be more reasonable to say 
depression->promiscuity.  I think depression is more likely to come
from emotional problems (relationships, family, job, friends) and
promiscuity is used as an escape.
Since I see marriage as a civil and religious bond rather than an
emotional bond, I don't see a problem with sex before (not outside of)
marriage so long as you have the same commitment and devotion as
what is expected from a married couple.  Of course, this is just 
my opinion.

Brian /-|-\

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51300
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Yeah, Right

In article <66014@mimsy.umd.edu>
mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
 
>>And what about that revelation thing, Charley?
>
>If you're talking about this intellectual engagement of revelation, well,
>it's obviously a risk one takes.
>
 
I see, it is not rational, but it is intellectual. Does madness qualify
as intellectual engagement, too?
 
 
>>Many people say that the concept of metaphysical and religious knowledge
>>is contradictive.
>
>I'm not an objectivist, so I'm not particularly impressed with problems of
>conceptualization.  The problem in this case is at least as bad as that of
>trying to explain quantum mechanics and relativity in the terms of ordinary
>experience.  One can get some rough understanding, but the language is, from
>the perspective of ordinary phenomena, inconsistent, and from the
>perspective of what's being described, rather inexact (to be charitable).
>
 
Exactly why science uses mathematics. QM representation in natural language
is not supposed to replace the elaborate representation in mathematical
terminology. Nor is it supposed to be the truth, as opposed to the
representation of gods or religions in ordinary language. Admittedly,
not  every religion says so, but a fancy side effect of their inept
representations are the eternal hassles between religions.
 
And QM allows for making experiments that will lead to results that will
be agreed upon as being similar. Show me something similar in religion.
 
 
>An analogous situation (supposedly) obtains in metaphysics; the problem is
>that the "better" descriptive language is not available.
>
 
With the effect that the models presented are useless. And one can argue
that the other way around, namely that the only reason metaphysics still
flourish is because it makes no statements that can be verified or falsified -
showing that it is bogus.
 
 
>>And in case it holds reliable information, can you show how you establish
>>that?
>
>This word "reliable" is essentially meaningless in the context-- unless you
>can show how reliability can be determined.
 
Haven't you read the many posts about what reliability is and how it can
be acheived respectively determined?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51301
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In <2942956021.3.p00261@psilink.com> "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:

>>DATE:   Sat, 3 Apr 1993 10:00:39 GMT
>>FROM:   Fred Rice <darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au>
>>
>>In <1p8ivt$cfj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>>
>>>Should we British go around blowing up skyscrapers next?
>>
>>I don't know if you are doing so, but it seems you are implying 
>>(1) that the person accused of blowing up the WTC in NY actually did it,
>>and
>>(2) that Islamic teachings have something to do with blowing up the WTC.
>>
>>[WTC = World Trade Centre, which was the building that was blown up, I
>>think.]
>>
>>Okay... to make some comments...
>>
>>(1) The person has only been accused -- innocent until proven guilty,
>>remember?  Secondly, there seem to be some holes in his accusation that
>>I read about.  For instance, if they guy used that particular van to
>>blow up the building, and then to go back and claim his deposit back
>>afterwards, he must be incredibly stupid.  

>Perhaps Salamen was one of those "uneducated" Muslims we hear so much about.

>>Nevertheless, he was
>>apparently smart enough to put together a very sophisticated bomb.  It
>>doesn't seem to fit together, somehow.  

>Actually, Salameh was not the ONLY person involved.  The other fellow was
>a chemical engineer working for Allied Signal who had specifically studied
>explosive devices in school (believe it or not - we actually allow radical
>Muslim types to study things like this in our universities - so much for
>the price of freedom)

From what I read, the other fellow told Salameh how to put it together
over the phone.  The bomb was supposedly some sort of sophisticated
type, so to put a (I assume complicated) sophisticated bomb together
from instructions _over the phone_ (!) one must need some brains I would
expect.

>>Despite this, there have
>>already been many attacks and threats against mosques and Muslims in the
>>United States as a consequence of his accusation, I have read.
>>

>O.K., now please tell us where this is happening.  I live in the U.S. and
>I have heard very little about these mosque attacks.  There are many mosques
>in Houston, Texas and I would like to know what is going on so I can verify
>this.  Or is the Great Jewish Media Conspiracy keeping us from knowing about
>this in the U.S.  We heard about the mosque attacks during the Desert Storm
>venture, so why is it so quiet now?  Maybe it is localized to New Jersey?

I read this in an article in "The Australian Muslim Times", the
newspaper (weekly) of the Australian Muslim community.  

If this is true, perhaps one of the Muslims based in North America (if
they see this posting) can elaborate.

>>(2) Islamic teachings teach against harming the innocent.  In the Qur'an
>>it explicitly teaches against harming innocents even in times of war.
>>The blowing up of the WTC and harming innocents is therefore in blatant
>>contradiction to Islamic teachings.

>This means absolutely nothing.  Plenty of people commit violence while 
>following what they think are valid religious principles.  I have seen
>people post many things here from the Koran which could be "misinterpreted"
>(if that is the explanation you wish to use) by an "uneducated" Muslim to
>allow them to harm idolators and unbelievers.  The first thing every Muslim
>says is that no Muslim could have done that because Islam teaches against
>harming innocents.  And we are supposed to take you WORD that it NEVER
>happens.   What do you think is the consequence?  Does Allah strike them
>down before the "alleged" violence occurs?  Of course not.  Muslims commit
>the violent act and then everyone hides behind verses in the Koran.  We're
>pretty hip to that trick.  And I even doubt that it will come up in the
>trials.  

>"My defense is that I am Muslim and Islam teaches me not to harm the innocent.
>Therefore, the people who were killed must not have been innocent.  Sure we
>set off the bomb, your honor, but you must remember, sir, I am a Muslim.
>Allah is all-powerful.  Allah would not have allowed this.  Are you insulting
>my religion?"

>Great defense, eh?

>Just admit that there are some incredibly stupid, violent Muslims in the 
>world and stop hiding from that fact.  It does no one any good to deny it.
>It only makes the more reasonable Muslims look like they are protecting the
>bad ones.  Can you see that?

I don't deny this fact.

The thrust of my argument here is that 

(a) Salameh is, according to US law, innocent as he has not been found
guilty in a court of law.  As his guilt has not been established, it is
wrong for people to make postings based on this assumption.

(b) Islam teaches us _not_ to harm innocents.  If Muslims -- who perhaps
have not realized that Islam teaches this -- perform such actions, it is
_not_ _because_ of the teachings of Islam, but rather _in spite of_ and
_in contradiction to_ the  teachings of Islam.  This is an important 
distinction.

I should clarify what Muslims usually mean when they say "Muslim".  In
general, anyone who calls themselves a "Muslim" and does not do or 
outwardly profess
something in clear contradiction with the essential teachings of Islam
is considered to be a Muslim.  Thus, one who might do things contrary to
Islam (through ignorance, for example) does not suddenly _not_ become a
Muslim.  If one knowingly transgresses Islamic teachings and essential
principles, though, then one does leave Islam.

The term "Muslim" is to be contrasted with "Mu'min", which means "true
believer".  However, whether a Muslim is in reality a Mu'min is
something known only by God (and perhaps that person himself).  So you
will not find the term Mu'min used very much by Muslims in alt.atheism,
because it is not known to anybody (except myself and God), whether I,
for example, am a "true believer" or not.  For example, I could just be
putting on a show here, and in reality believe something opposite to
what I write here, without anyone knowing.  Thus, when we say "Muslims"
we mean all those who outwardly profess to follow Islam, whether in
practice they might, in ignorance, transgress Islamic teachings.  By
"Muslim" we do not necessarily mean "Mu'min", or "true believer" in
Islam.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51302
From: dpw@sei.cmu.edu (David Wood)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating



mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:

>>David Wood writes:
>>
>>    "Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence."
>
>More seriously, this is just a high-falutin' way of saying "I don't believe
>what you're saying".

Are you making a meta-argument here?  In any case, you are wrong.  
Think of those invisible pink unicorns.

>Also, the existence if Jesus is not an extradinary claim.  

I was responding to the "historical accuracy... of Biblical claims",
of which the existence of Jesus is only one, and one that was not even
mentioned in my post.

>You may want to
>complain that the miracles attributed to him do constitute such claims (and
>I won't argue otherwise), but that is a different issue.

Wrong.  That was exactly the issue.  Go back and read the context
included within my post, and you'll see what I mean.

Now that I've done you the kindness of responding to your questions,
please do the same for me.  Answer the Charley Challenges.  Your claim
that they are of the "did not!/ did so!" variety is a dishonest dodge
that I feel certain fools only one person.

--Dave Wood

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51303
From: dpw@sei.cmu.edu (David Wood)
Subject: Re: And Another THing:



mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:

>Keith Ryan writes:
>>
>>You will ignore any criticism of your logic, or any possible incongruenties
>>in your stance?  You will not answer any questions on the validity of any
>>opinion and/or facts you state?

>When I have to start saying "that's not what I said", and the response is
>"did so!", there's no reason to continue.  If someone is not going to argue
>with MY version of MY position, then they cannot be argued with.

But of course YOUR version of YOUR position has been included in the
Charley Challenges, so your claim above is a flat-out lie.  Further,
only last week you claimed that you "might not" answer the Challenges
because you were turned off by "included text".  So which is it, do
you want your context included in my articles or not?  Come to think
of it, this contradiction has the makings of a new entry in the next
Challenges post.

By the way, I've kept every bloody thing that you've written related
to this thread, and will be only too pleased to re-post any of it to
back my position.  You seem to have forgotten that you leave an
electronic paper trail on the net.

>>This is the usual theist approach.  No matter how many times a certain
>>argument has been disproven, shown to be non-applicable or non-sequitur;
>>they keep cropping up- time after time.

>Speaking of non-sequiturs, this has little to do with what I just said.  And
>have some sauce for the goose: some of the "disproof" is fallacies repeated
>over and over (such as the "law of nature" argument someone posted recently).

Now, now, let's not change the subject.  Wouldn't it be best to finish
up the thread in question before you begin new ones?

--Dave Wood

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51304
Subject: Periodic Post of Charley Challenges, #3, with additions
From: dpw@sei.cmu.edu (David Wood)



New in this version:  challenge #5, plus an addendum summarizing
Charley's responses to-date..
-----------------------------------------

*** This is a posting made periodically in an attempt to encourage
*** Charley Wingate to address direct challenges to his evidently 
*** specious claims.  I'll continue to re-post periodically until
*** he answers them, publicly indicates that he won't answer them,
*** stops posting to alt.atheism, the alt.atheism community tells
*** me to stop, or I get totally bored.  I apologize for the 
*** somewhat juvenile nature of this approach, but I'm at a loss
*** to figure out another way to crack his intransigence and 
*** seeming intellectual dishonesty.
***
*** This is re-post #3.


Charley,

I can't help but notice that you have still failed to provide answers
to substantive questions that have been raised in response to your
previous posts.  I submit that you don't answer them because you
cannot answer them without running afoul of your own logic, and I once
again challenge you to prove me wrong.  To make the task as easy for
you as possible, I'll present concise re-statements of some of the
questions that you have failed to answer, in the hope that you may
address them one at a time for all to see.

Should you fail to answer again within a reasonable time period, I
will re-post this article, with suitable additions and deletions, at
such time that I notice a post by you on another topic.  I will repeat
this procedure until you either address the outstanding challenges or
you cease to post to this newsgroup.

I would like to apologize in advance if you have answered any of these
questions previously and your answer missed my notice.  If you can be
kind enough to re-post or e-mail such articles, I will be only too
pleased to publicly rescind the challenge in question, and remove it
from this list.

Now, to the questions...

1. After claiming that all atheists fit into neat psychological
patterns that you proposed, then semi-retracting that claim by stating
that you weren't referring to *all* atheists, I asked you to name some
atheists who you feel don't fit your patterns, to show that you indeed
were not referring to all atheists that you are aware of.  You failed
to do so.  Please do so now.

Question: Can you name any a.a posters who do not fit into your
stereotype?

Here is the context for the question:

>>> This is not true for everyone on this board, and you are out of line
>>> in assuming that it is.
>>
>>YOU, however, deleted the text further along where I said that I didn't mean
>>to imply that everybody's experience was along the same lines.  
>
>Whether or not you *mean* to make such implications, you do so
>repeatedly.  
>
>Allow me to approach the issue from another viewpoint: can you name
>those atheists that you've come across who *do not* fit into the
>patterns that you theorize?


2. You have taken umbrage to statements to the effect that "senses and
reason are all we have to go by", and when pressed, you have implied
that we have an alternative called revelation.  I have repeatedly
asked you to explain what revelation is and how one can both
experience and interpret revelation without doing so via our senses
and reason.  You failed to do so.  Please do so now.

Question: Can you explain what is revelation and how one can
experience and interpret it without using senses and inherent
reasoning?

Here is the context for the question:

>>Revelation is not reason, and if we DO have revelation, then
>>reasoning is NOT all we have.

>First, show me that revelation exists.  Second, if revelation is not
>perceived through the senses, how exactly is it perceived?  According
>to my Webster's, revelation is "an act of revealing or communicating
>divine truth."  Now, tell me how such a thing can be revealed/
>communicated other than via the senses?  Tell me how you can interpret
>this revelation other than with reason, that is, using your brain to
>interpret what you are sensing.  When I say there is no way for a
>human being to interface with the universe other than via the senses as
>interpreted by reason (your brain), it is because this is the simple
>truth.  If you have another mechanism of interface, by all means,
>share it with us.

then later...

>>>You CANNOT escape the fact that our entire interface with the universe is
>>>our senses and our reason, period.
>>
>>Again, this is indefensible.  
>
>No, it is simple truth.  I challenge you to show me otherwise.

then later...

>>Few mystics will agree to this assertion, and the common defense of
>>redefining "senses" to absorb (for instance) mystical experiences is
>>begs the question of whether some senses are better than others.
>
>I allow you the broadest definition of senses, to make things easier
>for you.  Now, show me that "mystical experiences" exist.  Remember,
>you aren't allowed to go by testimony of others (e.g., mystics), since
>you have dismissed my testimony as unreliable - you know, tainted by
>my own bias.  Further, once these mystical thingies are absorbed, show
>me evidence that a human can recognize and respond to them short of
>interpretation via that person's reasoning capabilities.
>
>I challenge you to show me these things.  If you cannot do so, you
>might as well give up the fight.

then later...

>Let me reiterate, you have NOT explained your interpretation of your
>experiences, so it is not possible for me to have attacked them.  In
>point of fact, I specifically challenged you to explain this
>revelation stuff that you were talking about, and I note for the
>record that you appear to have declined my challenge.
>
>*What* is it?  *How* is it sensed?  *How* is it interpreted?  And
>*how* does this sensing and interpretation occur without the conduit
>of our senses and reasoning abilities?  You have answered none of
>these questions that go straight to the heart of your claims.  If you
>can't answer them, your claims are entirely specious.


3.  You have stated that all claims to dispassionate analysis made by
a.a posters are unverifiable and fantastical.  I asked you to identify
one such claim that I have made.  You have failed to do so.  Please do
so now.

Question: Have I made any claims at all that are unverifiable and
fantastical?  If so, please repeat them.

Here is the context for the question:


>>I must thank David Wood a most sensitive and intelligent (if wrong :-))
>>posting.  

then later...

>>Likewise, the reference to "unverifiable, fantastical
>>claims" represents fairly accurately my reaction to all of the claims to
>>dispassionate analysis that are repeated in this group.
>
>Give me your address and I'll be pleased to send you a dictionary.
>Failing that, can you name ONE claim that I have made that is in any
>sense unverifiable or fantastical?  I demand that you retract this
>statement if you cannot offer up evidence.  If you follow your usual
>pattern of ignoring the challenge, then you are simply an asshole.


4.  First you dismissed claims by atheists that they became atheists as
a result of reason, then later you stated that if one accepted the
"axioms" of reason that one couldn't help but become atheist.  I asked
you to explain the contradiction.  Your only response was a statement
that the question was incoherent, an opinion not shared by others that
I have asked, be they atheist or theist.  You have failed to answer
the question.  Please do so now.

Question: Do you retract your claim that a.a posters have not become
atheists as a result of reason, despite their testimony to that
effect?  If you don't retract that claim, do you retract the
subsequent claim that acceptance of the axioms of reason inevitably
result in atheism?

Here is the context for the question:

[First quote]
>>...we have here a bunch of people who claim that their position is
>>based on reason... it is up to atheists to prove it to me...
>
>then,
>
[Second quote]
>>...but I do not see how one can accept these axioms and not end up with
>>an atheistic point of view.


5.  First, you claimed that you would (probably) not answer these
Challenges because they contained too much in the way of "included
text" from previous posts.  Later, you implied that you wouldn't
respond because I was putting words in your mouth.  Please clarify
this seeming contradiction.

Question:  Do you prefer to respond to Challenges that include context
from your own posts, or that I paraphrase your positions in order to
avoid "included text"?

Here is the context for the question:

First you said:

>>My ordinary rules are that I don't read articles over over 150 lines
>>or articles in which there is nothing but included text on the first
>>screen.  THese are not rules of morality, but practicality.

then later...

>>If someone is not going to argue with MY version of MY position, then
>>they cannot be argued with.


As usual, your responses are awaited with anticipation.

--Dave Wood


p.s., For the record, below is a compilation of Charley's responses to
these challenges to date.

3/18/93
>>This makes no sense to me at all; it gives the appearance either of utter
>>incoherence, or of answering some question of Mr. Wood's imagination.

3/31/93 (#1)
>>Mr. Wood, I do not subscribe to the opinion that a gauntlet thrown down on
>>the net requires any response whatsoever.  At some point I might read and
>>respond to your article, and then again, I might not.  My ordinary rules are
>>that I don't read articles over over 150 lines or articles in which there is
>>nothing but included text on the first screen.  THese are not rules of
>>morality, but practicality.

3/31/93 (#2)
>>I left out something else I don't respond to.
>>...
>>Utmost on my list of things to avoid are arguments about the arguments
>>(meta-arguments, as some call them).

4/3/93
>>When I have to start saying "that's not what I said", and the response is
>>"did so!", there's no reason to continue.  If someone is not going to argue
>>with MY version of MY position, then they cannot be argued with.




Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51305
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)

halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:

>>I think an objective morality does exist, but that most flavors of morality
>>are only approximations to it.  Once again, a natural or objective morality
>>is fairly easily defined, as long as you have a goal in mind--that is, what
>>is the purpose of this morality.
>Maybe I'm not quite getting what you mean by this, but I think objective 
>morality is an oxymoron.  By definition, it seems, any _goal_ oriented 
>issue like this is subjective by nature.  I don't get how you're using
>the word objective.

But, the goal need not be a subjective one.  For instance, the goal of
natural morality is the propogation of a species, perhaps.  It wasn't
really until the more intelligent animals came along that some revisions
to this were necessary.  Intelligent animals have different needs than
the others, and hence a morality suited to them must be a bit more
complicated than "the law of the jungle."  I don't think that
self-actualization is so subjective as you might think.  And, by
objectivity, I am assuming that the ideals of any such system could be
carried out completely.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51306
From: dpw@sei.cmu.edu (David Wood)
Subject: Request for Support



I have a request for those who would like to see Charley Wingate
respond to the "Charley Challenges" (and judging from my e-mail, there
appear to be quite a few of you.)  

It is clear that Mr. Wingate intends to continue to post tangential or
unrelated articles while ingoring the Challenges themselves.  Between
the last two re-postings of the Challenges, I noted perhaps a dozen or
more posts by Mr. Wingate, none of which answered a single Challenge.  

It seems unmistakable to me that Mr. Wingate hopes that the questions
will just go away, and he is doing his level best to change the
subject.  Given that this seems a rather common net.theist tactic, I
would like to suggest that we impress upon him our desire for answers,
in the following manner:

1. Ignore any future articles by Mr. Wingate that do not address the
Challenges, until he answers them or explictly announces that he
refuses to do so.

--or--

2. If you must respond to one of his articles, include within it
something similar to the following:

    "Please answer the questions posed to you in the Charley Challenges."

Really, I'm not looking to humiliate anyone here, I just want some
honest answers.  You wouldn't think that honesty would be too much to
ask from a devout Christian, would you?  

Nevermind, that was a rhetorical question.

--Dave Wood

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51307
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

In article <66020@mimsy.umd.edu>
mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
 
>Assuming you are presenting it accurately, I don't see how this argument
>really leads to any firm conclusion.  The material in John (I'm not sure
>exactly what is referred to here, but I'll take for granted the similarity
>to the Matt./Luke "Q" material) IS different; hence, one could have almost
>any relationship between the two, right up to John getting it straight from
>Jesus' mouth.
>
 
No, the argument says John has known Q, ie a codified version of the logia,
and not the original, assuming that there has been one. It has weaknesses,
of course, like that John might have known the original, yet rather referred
to Q in his text, or that the logia were given in a codified version in
the first place.
 
The argument alone does not allow a firm conclusion, but it fits well into
the dating usually given for the gospels.
 
 
>>We are talking date of texts here, not the age of the authors. The usual
>>explanation for the time order of Mark, Matthew and Luke does not consider
>>their respective ages. It says Matthew has read the text of Mark, and Luke
>>that of Matthew (and probably that of Mark).
>
>The version of the "usual theory" I have heard has Matthew and Luke
>independently relying on Mark and "Q".  One would think that if Luke relied
>on Matthew, we wouldn't have the grating inconsistencies in the geneologies,
>for one thing.
>
 
Not necessarily, Luke may have trusted the version he knew better than the
version given by Matthew. Improving on Matthew would give a motive, for
instance.
 
As far as I know, the theory that Luke has known Matthew is based on a
statistical analysis of the texts.
 
 
>>As it is assumed that John knew the content of Luke's text. The evidence
>>for that is not overwhelming, admittedly.
>
>This is the part that is particularly new to me.  If it were possible that
>you could point me to a reference, I'd be grateful.
>
 
Yep, but it will take another day or so to get the source. I hope your German
is good enough. :-)
 
 
>>>Unfortunately, I haven't got the info at hand.  It was (I think) in the late
>>>'70s or early '80s, and it was possibly as old as CE 200.
>
>>When they are from about 200, why do they shed doubt on the order on
>>putting John after the rest of the three?
>
>Because it closes up the gap between (supposed) writing and the existing
>copy quit a bit.  The further away from the original, the more copies can be
>written, and therefore survival becomes more probable.
>
 
I still do not see how copies from 200 allow to change the dating of John.
 
 
>>That John was a disciple is not generally accepted. The style and language
>>together with the theology are usually used as counterargument.
>
>I'm not really impressed with the "theology" argument.  But I'm really
>pointing this out as an "if".  And as I pointed out earlier, one cannot make
>these arguments about I Peter; I see no reason not to accept it as an
>authentic letter.
>
 
Yes, but an if gives only possibilities and no evidence. The authencity of
many letters is still discussed. It looks as if conclusions about them are not
drawn because some pet dogmas of the churches would probably fall with them as
well.
 
 
>>One step and one generation removed is bad even in our times. Compare that
>>to reports of similar events in our century in almost illiterate societies.
>
>The best analogy would be reporters talking to the participants, which is
>not so bad.
>
 
Well, rather like some newsletter of a political party reporting from the
big meeting. Not necessarily wrong, but certainly bad.
 
 
>>In other words, one does not know what the original of Mark did look like
>>and arguments based on Mark are pretty weak.
>
>But the statement of divinity is not in that section, and in any case, it's
>agreed that the most important epistles predate Mark.
 
Yes, but the accuracy of their tradition is another problem.
 
Question: Are there letters not from Paul and predating Mark claiming the
divinity of Jesus?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51308
From: bobs@thnext.mit.edu (Robert Singleton)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution

In article <16BA8C4AC.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de>  
I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
> In article <1pq47tINN8lp@senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU>
> bobs@thnext.mit.edu (Robert Singleton) writes:
>  
> (Deletion)
> >
> >I will argue that your latter statement, "I believe that no gods exist"
> >does rest upon faith - that is, if you are making a POSITIVE statement
> >that "no gods exist" (strong atheism) rather than merely saying I don't
> >know and therefore don't believe in them and don't NOT believe in then
> >(weak atheism). Once again, to not believe in God is different than
> >saying I BELIEVE that God does not exist. I still maintain the 
> >position, even after reading the FAQs, that strong atheism requires 
> >faith.
> >
>  
> No it in the way it is usually used. In my view, you are saying here 
> that driving a car requires faith that the car drives.
>  

I'm not saying this at all - it requires no faith on my part to
say the car drives because I've seen it drive - I've done more
than at in fact - I've actually driven it. (now what does require
some faith is the belief that my senses give an accurate representation
of what's out there....) But there is NO evidence - pro or con -
for the existence or non-existence of God (see what I have to
say below on this).

> For me it is a conclusion, and I have no more faith in it than I 
> have in the premises and the argument used.
>  

Sorry if I remain skeptical - I don't believe it's entirely a
conclusion. That you have seen no evidence that there IS a God
is correct - neither have I. But lack of evidence for the existence 
of something is in NO WAY evidence for the non-existence of something 
(the creationist have a similar mode of argumentation in which if they 
disprove evolution the establish creation). You (personally) have never 
seen a neutrino before, but they exist. The "pink unicorn" analogy breaks
down and is rather naive. I have a scientific theory that explains the 
appearance of animal life - evolution. When I draw the conclusion that 
"pink unicorns" don't exist because I haven't seen them, this conclusion
has it's foundation in observation and theory. A "pink unicorn", if
it did exist, would be qualitatively similar to other known entities.
That is to say, since there is good evidence that all life on earth has
evolved from "more primitive" ancestors these pink unicorns would share 
a common anscestory with horses and zebras and such. God, however,
has no such correspondence with anything (IMO). There is no physical
frame work of observation to draw ANY conclusions FROM. 



> >But first let me say the following.
> >We might have a language problem here - in regards to "faith" and
> >"existence". I, as a Christian, maintain that God does not exist.
> >To exist means to have being in space and time. God does not HAVE
> >being - God IS Being. Kierkegaard once said that God does not
> >exist, He is eternal. With this said, I feel it's rather pointless
> >to debate the so called "existence" of God - and that is not what
> >I'm doing here. I believe that God is the source and ground of
> >being. When you say that "god does not exist", I also accept this
> >statement - but we obviously mean two different things by it. However,
> >in what follows I will use the phrase "the existence of God" in it's
> >'usual sense' - and this is the sense that I think you are using it.
> >I would like a clarification upon what you mean by "the existence of
> >God".
> >
>  
> No, that's a word game. 

I disagree with you profoundly on this. I haven't defined God as
existence - in fact, I haven't defined God. But this might be
getting off the subject - although if you think it's relevant
we can come back to it. 

>  
> Further, saying god is existence is either a waste of time, existence is
> already used and there is no need to replace it by god, or you are 
> implying more with it, in which case your definition and your argument 
> so far are incomplete, making it a fallacy.
>  

You are using wrong categories here - or perhaps you misunderstand
what I'm saying. I'm making no argument what so ever and offering no
definition so there is no fallacy. I'm not trying to convince you of
anything. *I* Believe - and that rests upon Faith. And it is inappropriate
to apply the category of logic in this realm (unless someone tells you
that they can logically prove God or that they have "evidence" or ...,
then the use of logic to disprove their claims if fine and necessary).

BTW, an incomplete argument is not a fallacy - some things are not
EVEN wrong. 

>  
> (Deletion)
> >One can never prove that God does or does not exist. When you say
> >that you believe God does not exist, and that this is an opinion
> >"based upon observation", I will have to ask "what observtions are
> >you refering to?" There are NO observations - pro or con - that
> >are valid here in establishing a POSITIVE belief.
> (Deletion)
>  
> Where does that follow? Aren't observations based on the assumption
> that something exists?
>  

I don't follow you here. Certainly one can make observations of
things that they didn't know existed. I still maintain that one
cannot use observation to infer that "God does not exist". Such
a positive assertion requires a leap.  



> And wouldn't you say there is a level of definition that the assumption
> "god is" is meaningful. If not, I would reject that concept anyway.
>  
> So, where is your evidence for that "god is" is meaningful at some 
> level?

Once again you seem to completely misunderstand me. I have no
EVIDENCE that "'god is' is meaningful" at ANY level. Maybe such
a response as you gave just comes naturally to you because so
many people try to run their own private conception of God down
your throat. I, however, am not doing this. I am arguing one, and
only one, thing - that to make a positive assertion about something
for which there can in principle be no evidence for or against
requires a leap - it requires faith. I am, as you would say, a
"theist"; however, there is a form of atheism that I can respect -
but it must be founded upon honesty. 



>    Benedikt

--
bob singleton
bobs@thnext.mit.edu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51309
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Second Law (was: Albert Sabin)

Joel Hanes (jjh00@diag.amdahl.com) wrote:

: Mr Connor's assertion that "more complex" == later in paleontology
: is simply incorrect.  Many lineages are known in which whole
: structures are lost -- for example, snakes have lost their legs.
: Cave fish have lost their eyes.  Some species have almost completely
: lost their males.  Kiwis are descended from birds with functional
: wings.

Joel,

The statements I made were illustrative of the inescapably
anthrpomorphic quality of any desciption of an evolutionary process.
There is no way evolution can be described or explained in terms other
than teleological, that is my whole point. Even those who have reason
to believe they understand evolution (biologists for instance) tend to
personify nature and I can't help but wonder if it's because of the
limits of the language or the nature of nature.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51310
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

Keith M. Ryan (kmr4@po.CWRU.edu) wrote:
: 
: 	Wild and fanciful claims require greater evidence. If you state that 
: one of the books in your room is blue, I certainly do not need as much 
: evidence to believe than if you were to claim that there is a two headed 
: leapard in your bed. [ and I don't mean a male lover in a leotard! ]

Keith, 

If the issue is, "What is Truth" then the consequences of whatever
proposition argued is irrelevent. If the issue is, "What are the consequences
if such and such -is- True", then Truth is irrelevent. Which is it to
be?


Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51311
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

Jim Perry (perry@dsinc.com) wrote:

: The Bible says there is a God; if that is true then our atheism is
: mistaken.  What of it?  Seems pretty obvious to me.  Socrates said
: there were many gods; if that is true then your monotheism (and our
: atheism) is mistaken, even if Socrates never existed.


Jim,

I think you must have come in late. The discussion (on my part at
least) began with Benedikt's questioning of the historical acuuracy of
the NT. I was making the point that, if the same standards are used to
validate secular history that are used here to discredit NT history,
then virtually nothing is known of the first century.

You seem to be saying that the Bible -cannot- be true because it
speaks of the existence of God as it it were a fact. Your objection
has nothing to do with history, it is merely another statement of
atheism.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51312
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Not the Omni!

Charley Wingate (mangoe@cs.umd.edu) wrote:
: 
: >> Please enlighten me.  How is omnipotence contradictory?
: 
: >By definition, all that can occur in the universe is governed by the rules
: >of nature. Thus god cannot break them. Anything that god does must be allowed
: >in the rules somewhere. Therefore, omnipotence CANNOT exist! It contradicts
: >the rules of nature.
: 
: Obviously, an omnipotent god can change the rules.

When you say, "By definition", what exactly is being defined;
certainly not omnipotence. You seem to be saying that the "rules of
nature" are pre-existant somehow, that they not only define nature but
actually cause it. If that's what you mean I'd like to hear your
further thoughts on the question.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51313
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: IF ONLY HE KNEW

prudenti@juncol.juniata.edu wrote:

: Upon arriving at home, Joseph probably took advantage of Mary...had his way
: with her so to speak.  Of course, word of this couldn't get around so Mary,
: being the highly-religious follower that she was decided "Hey, I'll just say
: that GOD impregnated me...no one will ever know!"
: 
: Thus, seen as a trustworthy and honorable soul, she was believed...
:     
: And then came Jesus, the child born from violence.
: 
: 
: 

Dave,

Can you explain the purpose of your post, I can't imagine what you
must have thougt it meant. 

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51314
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Allah Akbar and Praise the Lord.

Maddi Hausmann (madhaus@netcom.com) wrote:
: 
: And thank the Lord that Bill Connor has returned to set
: us straight!  Now I know I can die happy when my Lexus
: SE400 wipes out on that rain-slick curve in 1997.  The
: rest of you had best straighten up, because your time 
: is even more limited.  Most of you are going in the Flu
: of 1994.

Maddi,

You know you're glad to have me visit ...
But I won't stay long this time, just shopping around.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51315
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Dear Mr. Theist

Pixie (dl2021@andy.bgsu.edu) wrote:

:      For all the problems technology has caused, your types have made
: things even worse.  Must we be reminded of the Inquisition, Operation
: Rescue, the Ku Klux Klan, Posse Comitatus, the 700 Club, David Duke, Salem
: Witch Trials, the Crusades, gay bashings, etc.
:      PLUS virtually each and every single war, regardless of the level of
: technology, has had theistic organizations cheering on the carnage
: (chaplains, etc.), and claiming that god was in favor of the whole ordeal. 
: Don't forget to pray for our troops!
:      

This is really tedious. Every bad thing that's ever happened is
because the malefactors were under the influence of religion - does
anyone -really- believe that. I've seen it so often it must be a
pretty general opinion in a.a, but I want to believe that atheists are
really not THAT dishonest. Please, stick to the facts and, having
accomplished that, interpret them correctly.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51316
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Is Morality Constant (was Re: Biblical Rape)

Jim Perry (perry@dsinc.com) wrote:

: }Xenophobia, both *de facto* and *de jure* as implemented
: }in legal systems, is widespread, while the Bible,
: }although not 100% egalitarian, specifically preaches
: }kindness to the stranger, and emphasizes in the Book
: }of Ruth, that a foreigner can join the nation and
: }give rise to one of the great heroes of the nation.
: 
: Clearly better than the alternative, but as an American what strikes
: me as strange about this story is that it should have even been
: considered an issue.

Jim,

There are a couple of things about your post and others in this thread
that are a little confusing. An atheist is one for whom all things can
be understood as processes of nature - exclusively. There is no need
for any recourse to Divnity to describe or explain anything. There is
no purpose or direction for any event beyond those required by
physics, chemistry, biology, etc.; everything is random, nothing is
determnined.
This would also have to include human intelligence of course and all
its products. There is nothing requiring that life evolve or that it
acquire intelligence, it's just a happy accident. For an atheist, no
event can be preferred to another or be said to have more or less
value than another in any naturalistic sense, and no thought -about-
an event can have value. 
The products of our intelligence are acquired from our environment,
from teaching, training, observation and experience and are only
significant to the individual mind wherein they reside. These mental
processes and the images they produce for us are just electrical
activity and nothing more; content is of no consequence. The human
mind is as much a response to natural forces as water running down a
hill.
How then can an atheist judge value? What is the basis for criticizing
the values ennumerated in the Bible or the purposes imputed to God? On
what grounds can the the behavior of the reliogious be condemned? It
seems that, in judging the values that motivate others to action, you
have to have some standard against which conduct is measured, but what
in nature can serve that purpose? What law of nature can you invoke to
establish your values.
Since every event is entirely and exclusively a physical event, what
difference could it possibly make what -anyone- does, religious or
otherwise, there can be no -meaning- or gradation of value. The only
way an atheist can object to -any- behaviour is to admit that the
objection is entirely subjective and that he(she) just doesn't like it
- that's it. Any value judgement must be prefaced by the disclaimer
that it is nothing more than a matter of personal opinion and carries
no weight in any "absolute" sense.
That you don't like what God told people to do says nothing about God
or God's commands, it says only that there was an electrical event in your
nervous system that created an emotional state that your mind coupled
with a pre-existing thought-set to form that reaction. That your
objections -seem- well founded is due to the way you've been
conditioned; there is no "truth" content. The whole of your
intellectual landscape is an illusion, a virtual reality.
I didn't make these rules, it's inherent in naturalistic atheism and
to be consistent, you have to accept the non-significance of any human
thought, even your own. All of this being so, you have excluded
yourself from any discussion of values, right, wrong, goood, evil,
etc. and cannot participate. Your opinion about the Bible can have no
weight whatsoever.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51317
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Bill Conner:


Could you explain what any of this pertains to? Is this a position
statement on something or typing practice? And why are you using my
name, do you think this relates to anything I've said and if so, what.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51318
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Islam & Dress Code for women

In <16BA7103C3.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:

>In article <1993Apr5.091258.11830@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
>darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
> 
>(Deletion)
>>>>Of course people say what they think to be the religion, and that this
>>>>is not exactly the same coming from different people within the
>>>>religion.  There is nothing with there existing different perspectives
>>>>within the religion -- perhaps one can say that they tend to converge on
>>>>the truth.
>>
>>>My point is that they are doing a lot of harm on the way in the meantime.
>>>
>>>And that they converge is counterfactual, religions appear to split and
>>>diverge. Even when there might be a 'True Religion' at the core, the layers
>>>above determine what happens in practise, and they are quite inhumane
>>>usually.
>>>
> 
>What you post then is supposed to be an answer, but I don't see what is has
>got to do with what I say.
> 
>I will repeat it. Religions as are harm people. And religions don't
>converge, they split. Giving more to disagree upon. And there is a lot
>of disagreement to whom one should be tolerant or if one should be
>tolerant at all.

Ideologies also split, giving more to disagree upon, and may also lead
to intolerance.  So do you also oppose all ideologies?

I don't think your argument is an argument against religion at all, but
just points out the weaknesses of human nature.

>(Big deletion)
>>(2) Do women have souls in Islam?
>>
>>People have said here that some Muslims say that women do not have
>>souls.  I must admit I have never heard of such a view being held by
>>Muslims of any era.  I have heard of some Christians of some eras
>>holding this viewpoint, but not Muslims.  Are you sure you might not be
>>confusing Christian history with Islamic history?
> 
>Yes, it is supposed to have been a predominant view in the Turkish
>Caliphate.

I would like a reference if you have got one, for this is news to me.

>>Anyhow, that women are the spiritual equals of men can be clearly shown
>>from many verses of the Qur'an.  For example, the Qur'an says:
>>
>>"For Muslim men and women, --
>>for believing men and women,
>>for devout men and women,
>>for true men and women,
>>for men and women who are patient and constant,
>>for men and women who humble themselves,
>>for men and women who give in charity,
>>for men and women who fast (and deny themselves),
>>for men and women who guard their chastity,
>>and for men and women who engage much in God's praise --
>>For them has God prepared forgiveness and a great reward."
>>
>>[Qur'an 33:35, Abdullah Yusuf Ali's translation]
>>
>>There are other quotes too, but I think the above quote shows that men
>>and women are spiritual equals (and thus, that women have souls just as
>>men do) very clearly.
>>
> 
>No, it does not. It implies that they have souls, but it does not say they
>have souls. And it is not given that the quote above is given a high
>priority in all interpretations.

One must approach the Qur'an with intelligence.  Any thinking approach
to the Qur'an cannot but interpret the above verse and others like it
that women and men are spiritual equals.

I think that the above verse does clearly imply that women have
souls.  Does it make any sense for something without a soul to be
forgiven?  Or to have a great reward (understood to be in the
after-life)?  I think the usual answer would be no -- in which case, the
part saying "For them has God prepared forgiveness and a great reward"
says they have souls.  

(If it makes sense to say that things without souls can be forgiven, then 
I have no idea _what_ a soul is.)

As for your saying that the quote above may not be given a high priority
in all interpretations, any thinking approach to the Qur'an has to give
all verses of the Qur'an equal priority.  That is because, according to
Muslim belief, the _whole_ Qur'an is the revelation of God -- in fact,
denying the truth of any part of the Qur'an is sufficient to be
considered a disbeliever in Islam.

>Quite similar to you other post, even when the Quran does not encourage
>slavery, it is not justified to say that iit forbids or puts an end to
>slavery. It is a non sequitur.

Look, any approach to the Qur'an must be done with intelligence and
thought.  It is in this fashion that one can try to understand the
Quran's message.  In a book of finite length, it cannot explicitly
answer every question you want to put to it, but through its teachings
it can guide you.  I think, however, that women are the spiritual equals
of men is clearly and unambiguously implied in the above verse, and that
since women can clearly be "forgiven" and "rewarded" they _must_ have
souls (from the above verse).

Let's try to understand what the Qur'an is trying to teach, rather than
try to see how many ways it can be misinterpreted by ignoring this
passage or that passage.  The misinterpretations of the Qur'an based on
ignoring this verse or that verse are infinite, but the interpretations 
fully consistent are more limited.  Let's try to discuss these
interpretations consistent with the text rather than how people can
ignore this bit or that bit, for that is just showing how people can try
to twist Islam for their own ends -- something I do not deny -- but
provides no reflection on the true teachings of Islam whatsoever.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51319
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Slavery (was Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage:...)

In <1993Apr4.200253.21409@ennews.eas.asu.edu> guncer@enuxha.eas.asu.edu (Selim Guncer ) writes:

>You might not like what Bernard Lewis writes about, label him
>as a Zionist or such to discredit him etc. 

You misrepresent me, Selim.  The hard evidence for my statements about
his lack of objectivity are presented quite clearly in the book
"Orientalism" by Edward Said.  Edward Said, by the way, is a Christian,
not a Muslim.

>I think he is
>pretty much objective in his treatment in "Race and Slavery in
>the Middle East", since he clearly distinguishes between
>slavery under Islam, and the practice of slavery in other countries,
>like the US prior to the civil war. He also does not conceal
>that there are verses in the Quran which promote the liberation
>of slaves. What he doesn't, and I don't think nobody can,
>deduce from these verses is that slavery will eventually be
>abolished in Islamic countries. Now you might, rather conveniently,
>blame the practice of slavery on Muslims, but the facts are out
>there. I also fail to see the relevance of the claim of Lewis being
>a "Zionist" to what I wrote. 

Regarding Bernard Lewis:

Him being a Zionist gives him a political motive for his
giving misrepresentations and half-truths about Islam.

Read "Orientalism" by Edward Said -- see the evidence for yourself.

In fact, I may post some of it here (if it isn't too long).

>They were encyclopaedic information
>which anybody can access - that slavery was abolished at certain
>dates some 1200 years after Muhammed, that this was the cause
>of tensions in the Ottoman empire between the Arab slave traders
>and the government etc.. We also have in the ASU library volumes
>of British documents on slavery where reports and documents
>concerning slavery all around the world can be found, which I
>checked some of the incidents Lewis mentions. So I don't think
>ones political stance has anything to do with documentary evidence.

I haven't read Lewis's article, so I can't comment directly upon it, and
have only spoken about his writings _in general_ so far, that his
political motives make him a biased writer on Islam.  His anti-Islamic
polemics, as I understand it, are often quite subtle and are often based
on telling half-truths.

Again, read "Orientalism" by Edward Said.  I am _not_ asking you to take
what I say on trust, in fact I am urging you not to do so but to get
this book (it is a well-known book) and check the evidence out for
_yourself_.

>The issue I raised was that slaves WERE USED FOR SEXUAL PURPOSES,
>when it was claimed that Islam prohibits extra-marital sex.
>I wrote that the Prophet himself had concubines, I wrote an
>incident in which the prophet advised on someone who did not
>want his concubine to get pregnant etc., which is contrary
>to the notion that "sex is for procreation only". In other
>words, such claims are baseless in the Quran and the Hadith.

If slavery is _in reality_ (as opposed to in the practice of some
Muslims) opposed by Islam, then using slaves for sexual
purposes is necessarily opposed too.

>I seem to be unsuccesful in getting through to you. Islam is
>not "advocating" slavery. Slavery was an existing institution in the 
>7th century. It advised on slaves being freed for good
>deeds etc., which is nothing new. Many cultures saw this as a
>good thing. What is the problem here? But I can argue rightfully
>that slaves were discouraged about thinking about their statuses
>politically - the Quran rewards the good slave, so obey your
>master and perhaps one day you'll be free.  But, it is very
>understandable that I do not communicate with Muslims, since
>they assume the Quran is from a "God", and I think it is a rule-based
>system imposed on the society for preservation of the status quo.
>Slaves are a part of this system, the subordination of women
>so that their function in society boils down to child-making
>is a part of this system, etc. 

I understand your point of view, Selim -- I think, rather, it is _us_
who are not getting through to _you_.

Some of the points you repeat above I have already answered before.

Regarding women, I have made posting after posting on this subject,
showing that Islam is not anti-woman, etc.  However, have you been
completely ignoring my postings or just missing them?  I just reposted a
very good one, under the title "Islam and Women", reposted from
soc.religion.islam.  If this has already disappeared from your site,
then please email me telling me so and I will email you a copy of this
excellent article.  

IMHO, your understanding of the issue of women in Islam is sadly deficient.

Regarding slaves, _my_ posting on slavery -- the second one I made,
which is a repost of an article I wrote early last year -- is based
completely on the Qur'an and contains numerous Qur'anic verses and
hadiths to support its point of view.

Our approaches are different -- you are arguing from a historical
standpoint and I am arguing directly from the teachings of the Qur'an
and hadiths.  Now, just because people say they are Muslims and perform
a particular action, does that automatically mean that their action is
part of Islam, even if it is opposed by the Qur'an and Sunnah?  No!  Of
course not.

Let me give you a concrete example, which might help clarify this for
you.  The Qur'an prohibits drinking.  Now, if a person says "I am a
Muslim" and then proceeds to drink a bottle of beer, does this now mean
that Islam teaches that people should drink beer?  Of course not, and
only an idiot would think so.

Do you see my point?

>It is very natural to think that
>the author/authors of the Quran had no idea that the socio-economic
>structure they were advocating would experience at least two paradigm
>shifts in 1400 years in the western cultures - first with the end of 
>the feudal era and the rise of commerce, second with the industrial 
>revolution.  Well, rules have changed and the status quo has driven 
>Muslim countries into misery trying to survive in a "heathen" world. 
>Muslim countries have failed economically, they were unable to 
>accumulate any wealth - directly due to the uncomprimising economic
>rules in the Quran. In fact, the rise of Islam can easily be modeled
>after the pyramid effect - you do not produce any wealth at home,
>but increase your wealth by conquering places.  

You are judging Islam here on capitalist terms.  Capitalism is an
ideology based largely on the assumption that people want to maximise
their wealth -- this assumption is in opposition to Islamic teachings.
To say Islam is bad because it is not capitalist is pretty unthinking --
Islam does not pretend to be capitalist and does not try to be
capitalist.  (This does not mean that Islam does not support a
free-market -- for it does in general -- but there are other parts of 
capitalism which are opposed to Islam as I understand it.)

>When this stopped,
>you (and I) were left bare in the open for emperialists to devour.
>No capital, no industry, very poor social services - the education
>level in Muslim countries are the lowest in the world, the health
>statistics are miserable etc.. 

One can postulate numerous reasons for this.  Your theory is that it is
because Islam is not secularist and capitalist, etc. etc.

Selim, I will give you a clear historical example to show you the
fallacy of your views if you think (as you obviously do) that
Islam => lack of education and power.

For a large part of history, the Islamic world was very powerful.  For a
significant section of history, the Islamic world was the foremost in
the sciences.  So to say that Islam is, for example, anti-education is
completely absurd.  You try to blame this situation on Islam -- history
shows that your conclusion is false and that, instead, there must be
other reasons for this situation.

>You blame Muslims for not following the Quran, but I blame Muslims 
>for following the Quran. 

Well, Selim, your viewpoint on women in Islam makes me question the extent
of your knowledge of Islam.  I really think you are not
knowledgeable enough to be able to judge whether the Muslims are
following the Qur'an or not.

>Your idea is baseless from historical
>facts, it is a poor utopia, 

The Islamic world was at the forefront of the world in science at one
stage -- yet somehow, in your theory, it is by "following the Qur'an"
that Muslims are backwards in education.  Selim, it is _your_ thesis
that is anti-historical, for you conveniently overlook this historical
fact which contradicts your theory. 

>while my ideas are derived from social
>and economic history. 

You have certainly not shown this; you have merely stated it.
So far, it seems to me that your view on Islam being anti-education is
quite contrary to history.  That you are so convinced of your views
makes me wonder just how objectively you are trying to look at all of
this.

>My solution to all Muslims is simple:
>CUT THE CRAP, 

I think, Selim, you should consider taking your own advice.

>GET THE FACTS STRAIGHT 

Here too.

>AND WORK HARD TO REVERSE
>THE EFFECTS OF 1300 YEARS OF IGNORANCE.

Selim, you have such conviction of your viewpoint, yet you demonstrate
ignorance, not only of Islam but also of Islamic history (particularly
with respect to Muslims being leaders of science till about 1400 or so I
think).  Yet you say that your viewpoint is based on history!

Selim, if I remember right, you say in one of your earlier posts that
you are an apostate from Islam.  I think you should slow down and start
thinking clearly about the issues, and start _reading_ some of our
postings about Islam rather than ignoring them as you so obviously
have.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 51320
From: dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham)
Subject: Re: Jews can't hide from keith@cco.

In article <1pqdor$9s2@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>In article <1993Apr3.071823.13253@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
>The poster casually trashed two thousand years of Jewish history, and 
>Ken replied that there had previously been people like him in Germany.

I think the problem here is that I pretty much ignored the part
about the Jews sightseeing for 2000 years, thinking instead that
the important part of what the original poster said was the bit
about killing Palestinians.  In retrospect, I can see how the
sightseeing thing would be offensive to many.  I originally saw
it just as poetic license, but it's understandable that others
might see it differently.  I still think that Ken came on a bit
strong though.  I also think that your advice to Masud Khan:

  #Before you argue with someone like Mr Arromdee, it's a good idea to
  #do a little homework, or at least think.

was unnecessary.

>That's right.   There have been.    There have also been people who
>were formally Nazis.   But the Nazi party would have gone nowhere
>without the active and tacit support of the ordinary man in the
>street who behaved as though casual anti-semitism was perfectly
>acceptable.
>
>Now what exactly don't you understand about what I wrote, and why
>don't you see what it has to do with the matter at hand?

Throughout all your articles in this thread there is the tacit
assumption that the original poster was exhibiting casual
anti-semitism.  If I agreed with that, then maybe your speech
on why this is bad might have been relevant.  But I think you're
reading a lot into one flip sentence.  While probably not
true in this case, too often the charge of anti-semitism gets
thrown around in order to stifle legitimate criticism of the
state of Israel.

Anyway, I'd rather be somewhere else, so I'm outta this thread.
--
Doug Graham         dgraham@bnr.ca         My opinions are my own.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 52499
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Frequently Asked Questions

Archive-name: atheism/faq
Alt-atheism-archive-name: faq
Last-modified: 5 April 1993
Version: 1.1

                    Alt.Atheism Frequently-Asked Questions

This file contains responses to articles which occur repeatedly in
alt.atheism.  Points covered here are ones which are not covered in the
"Introduction to Atheism"; you are advised to read that article as well
before posting.

These answers are not intended to be exhaustive or definitive. The purpose of
the periodic FAQ postings is not to stifle debate, but to raise its level. If
you have something to say concerning one of these questions and which isn't
covered by the answer given, please feel free to make your point.

Overview of contents:

   "What is the purpose of this newsgroup?"
   "Hitler was an atheist!"
   "The Bible proves it"
   "Pascal's Wager"
   "What is Occam's Razor?"
   "Why it's good to believe in Jesus"
   "Why I know that God exists"
   "Einstein and "God does not play dice""
   "Everyone worships something"
   "Why there must be a causeless cause"
   "The universe is so complex it must have been designed"
   "Independent evidence that the Bible is true"
   "Godel's Incompleteness Theorem"
   "George Bush on atheism and patriotism"
   "I know where hell is!"
   "Biblical contradictions wanted"
   "The USA is a Christian nation"
   "The USA is not a Christian nation"

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Subject: What is the purpose of this newsgroup?

Typical posting:

Why have a newsgroup about atheism?  Why do atheists organize in groups?  
What is there to discuss?

Response:

Many things are discussed here, including:

* Whether it is reasonable to feign theism in order to avoid upsetting one's
  family
* Prayer in schools
* Discrimination against atheists
* Sunday trading laws
* The Satanic Child Abuse myth
* Whether one should be an overt atheist or 'stay in the closet'
* How religious societies prey (sic) on new college students
* How to get rid of unwanted proselytizers
* Whether religion is a danger to society and/or the individual
* Why people become atheists

Of course, inevitably alt.atheism tends to attract evangelical Christians
looking for someone to convert.  Most readers of the newsgroup don't 
want to be preached to, although a few seem to derive perverse pleasure 
from tearing apart particularly ill-considered or uninformed postings.

------------------------------

Subject: Hitler was an atheist!

Typical posting:

Hitler was an atheist, and look at what he did!

Response:

Adolf Hitler was emphatically not an atheist.  As he said himself:

   The folkish-minded man, in particular, has the sacred duty, each in
   his own denomination, of making _people_stop_just_talking_
   superficially_of_God's_will,_and_actually_fulfill_God's_will,_and_
   not_let_God's_word_be_desecrated._[orig. ital.]

   For God's will gave men their form, their essence, and their
   abilities.  Anyone who destroys His work is declaring war on the
   Lord's creation, the divine will.  Therefore, let every man be
   active, each in his own denomination if you please, and let every
   man take it as his first and most sacred duty to oppose anyone who
   in his activity by word or deed steps outside the confines of his
   religious community and tries to butt into the other.

   [...]

   Hence today I believe that I am acting in accordance with the will
   of the Almighty Creator: _by_defending_myself_against_the_Jew,_I_am_
   fighting_for_the_work_of_the_Lord._[orig. ital.]

          -- Adolf Hitler, from "Mein Kampf", trans. Ralph Mannheim.

Of course, someone bad believing something does not make that belief
wrong.  It's also entirely possible that Hitler was lying when he claimed 
to believe in God.  We certainly can't conclude that he's an atheist, 
though.

------------------------------

Subject: The Bible proves it

Typical posting:

In the Bible it says that...

Response:

Most of the readers of alt.atheism feel that the Bible is of questionable
accuracy, as it was written thousands of years ago by many authors who were
recording oral tradition that existed many years before.  Thus, any claimed
'truth' in it is of questionable legitimacy.  This isn't to say that The
Bible has no truth in it; simply that any truth must be examined before being
accepted.

Many of the readers of this group also feel that because any passage is
subject to "interpretation", any claim that a passage 'means' one thing and
one thing only is not legitimate.

Note that this feeling tends to extend to other books.

It is also remarkable to many atheists that theists tend to ignore other
equally plausible religious books in favour of those of their own religion.

------------------------------

Subject: Pascal's Wager

Typical posting:

If you believe in God and turn out to be incorrect, you have lost nothing --
but if you don't believe in God and turn out to be incorrect, you will go to
hell. Therefore it is foolish to be an atheist.

Response:

This argument is known as Pascal's Wager.  It has several flaws.

Firstly, it does not indicate which religion to follow.  Indeed, there are
many mutually exclusive and contradictory religions out there.  This is often
described as the "avoiding the wrong hell" problem.  If a person is a
follower of religion X, he may end up in religion Y's version of hell.

Secondly, the statement that "If you believe in God and turn out to be
incorrect, you have lost nothing" is not true.  Suppose you're believing in
the wrong God -- the true God might punish you for your foolishness.
Consider also the deaths that have resulted from people rejecting medicine in
favour of prayer.

Another flaw in the argument is that it is based on the assumption that 
the two possibilities are equally likely -- or at least, that they are of 
comparable likelihood.  If, in fact, the possibility of there being a God 
is close to zero, the argument becomes much less persuasive.  So sadly the
argument is only likely to convince those who believe already.

Also, many feel that for intellectually honest people, belief is based on 
evidence, with some amount of intuition.  It is not a matter of will or 
cost-benefit analysis.

Formally speaking, the argument consists of four statements:

  1. One does not know whether God exists.
  2. Not believing in God is bad for one's eternal soul if God does
     exist.
  3. Believing in God is of no consequence if God does not exist.
  4. Therefore it is in one's interest to believe in God.

There are two approaches to the argument.  The first is to view 1 as an
assumption, and 2 as a consequence of it.  One problem with this approach, in
the abstract, is that it creates information from no information.  This is
considered invalid in information theory.  Statement 1 indicates one has no
information about God -- but statement 2 indicates that beneficial information
can be gained from the absolute lack of information about God.  This violates
information entropy -- information has been extracted from no information, at
no "cost".

The alternative approach is to claim that 1 and 2 are both assumptions.  The
problem with this is that 2 is then basically an assumption which states the
Christian position, and only a Christian will agree with that assumption. The
argument thus collapses to "If you are a Christian, it is in your interests
to believe in God" -- a rather vacuous tautology, and not the way Pascal
intended the argument to be viewed.

The biggest reason why Pascal's wager is a failure is that if God is
omniscient he will certainly know who really believes and who believes as
a wager.  He will spurn the latter... assuming he actually cares at all
whether people believe in him.

------------------------------

Subject: What is Occam's Razor?

Typical posting:

People keep talking about Occam's Razor.  What is it?

Response:

William of Occam formulated a principle which has become known as Occam's 
Razor.  In its original form, it said "Do not multiply entities 
unnecessarily."  That is, if you can explain something without supposing
the existence of some entity, then do so.

Nowadays when people refer to Occam's Razor, they generally express it 
more generally, for example as "Take the simplest solution".

The relevance to atheism is that we can look at two possible explanations 
for what we see around us:

1. There is an incredibly intricate and complex universe out there, which
came into being as a result of natural processes.

2. There is an incredibly intricate and complex universe out there, and 
there is also a God who created the universe.  Clearly this God must be 
of non-zero complexity.

Given that both explanations fit the facts, Occam's Razor might suggest 
that we should take the simpler of the two -- solution number one.
Unfortunately, some argue that there is a third even more simple solution:

3. There isn't an incredibly intricate and complex universe out there.  
We just imagine that there is.

This third option leads us logically towards solipsism, which many people 
find unacceptable.
 
------------------------------

Subject: Why it's good to believe in Jesus

Typical posting:

I want to tell people about the virtues and benefits of my religion.

Response:

Preaching is not appreciated.

Feel free to talk about your religion, but please do not write postings that
are on a "conversion" theme.  Such postings do not belong on alt.atheism and
will be rejected from alt.atheism.moderated (try the newsgroup
talk.religion.misc).

You would doubtless not welcome postings from atheists to your favourite
newsgroup in an attempt to convert you; please do unto others as you would
have them do unto you!

Often theists make their basic claims about God in the form of lengthy
analogies or parables.  Be aware that atheists have heard of God and know the
basic claims about him; if the sole purpose of your parable is to tell
atheists that God exists and brings salvation, you may as well not post it,
since it tells us nothing we have not been told before.

------------------------------

Subject: Why I know that God exists

Typical posting:

I *know* from personal experience and prayer that God exists.

Response:

Just as many theists have personal evidence that the being they worship
exists, so many atheists have personal evidence that such beings do not
exist.  That evidence varies from person to person.

Furthermore, without wishing to dismiss your evidence out of hand, many
people have claimed all kinds of unlikely things -- that they have been
abducted by UFOs, visited by the ghost of Elvis, and so on.

------------------------------

Subject: Einstein and "God does not play dice"

Typical posting:

Albert Einstein believed in God.  Do you think you're cleverer than him?

Response:

Einstein did once comment that "God does not play dice [with the universe]". 
This quotation is commonly mentioned to show that Einstein believed in the
Christian God.  Used this way, it is out of context; it refers to Einstein's
refusal to accept the uncertainties indicated by quantum theory. Furthermore,
Einstein's religious background was Jewish rather than Christian.

A better quotation showing what Einstein thought about God is the following:
"I believe in Spinoza's God who reveals himself in the orderly harmony of
what exists, not in a God who concerns himself with fates and actions of
human beings."

Einstein was unable to accept Quantum Theory because of his belief in an
objective, orderly reality; a reality which would not be subject to random
events and which would not be dependent upon the observer.  He believed that
QM was incomplete, and that a better theory would have no need for
statistical interpretations.  So far no such better theory has been found,
and much evidence suggests that it never will be.

A longer quote from Einstein appears in "Science, Philosophy, and Religion, A
Symposium", published by the Conference on Science, Philosophy and Religion
in Their Relation to the Democratic Way of Life, Inc., New York, 1941.  In
it he says:

  "The more a man is imbued with the ordered regularity of all events
   the firmer becomes his conviction that there is no room left by the side
   of this ordered regularity for causes of a different nature.  For him
   neither the rule of human nor the rule of divine will exists as an
   independent cause of natural events.  To be sure, the doctrine of a
   personal God interfering with natural events could never be
   *refuted* [italics his], in the real sense, by science, for this
   doctrine can always take refuge in those domains in which scientific
   knowledge has not yet been able to set foot.

   But I am convinced that such behavior on the part of representatives
   of religion would not only be unworthy but also fatal.  For a doctrine
   which is to maintain itself not in clear light but only in the dark,
   will of necessity lose its effect on mankind, with incalculable harm
   to human progress.  In their struggle for the ethical good, teachers
   of religion must have the stature to give up the doctrine of a personal
   God, that is, give up that source of fear and hope which in the past
   placed such vast power in the hands of priests.  In their labors they
   will have to avail themselves of those forces which are capable
   of cultivating the Good, the True, and the Beautiful in humanity
   itself.  This is, to be sure, a more difficult but an incomparably
   more worthy task..."

Einstein has also said:

  "It was, of course, a lie what you read about my religous convictions,
   a lie which is being systematically repeated.  I do not believe in a
   personal God and I have never denied this but have expressed it clearly.
   If something is in me which can be called religious then it is the
   unbounded admiration for the structure of the world so far as our
   science can reveal it."

The latter quote is from "Albert Einstein: The Human Side", edited by Helen 
Dukas and Banesh Hoffman, and published by Princeton University Press.  
Also from the same book:

  "I do not believe in immortality of the individual, and I consider ethics
   to be an exclusively human concern with no superhuman authority behind 
   it."

Of course, the fact that Einstein chose not to believe in Christianity does 
not in itself imply that Christianity is false.

------------------------------

Subject: Everyone worships something

Typical posting:

Everyone worships something, whether it's money, power or God.

Response:

If that is true, everyone is a polytheist.  Theists care just as much about
those things that atheists care about.  If the atheists' reactions to (for
example) their families amount to worship then so do the theists'.

------------------------------

Subject: Why there must be a causeless cause

Typical posting:

Sets of integers that have a lower bound each have a smallest member, so
chains of causes must all have a first element, a causeless cause.

Response:

The set of real numbers greater than zero has a definite lower bound, but has
no smallest member.

Further, even if it is true that there must be a causeless cause, that does
not imply that that cause must be a conscious supernatural entity, and
especially not that any such entity must match the description favoured by
any particular religion.

------------------------------

Subject: The universe is so complex it must have been designed

Typical posting:

The presence of design in the universe proves there is a God.  Surely you
don't think all this appeared here just by chance?

Response:

This is known as the Argument From Design.

It is a matter of dispute whether there is any element of design in the
universe. Those who believe that the complexity and diversity of living
creatures on the earth is evidence of a creator are best advised to read the
newsgroup talk.origins for a while.

There is insufficient space to summarize both sides of that debate here.
However, the conclusion is that there is no scientific evidence in favour of
so-called Scientific Creationism. Furthermore, there is much evidence,
observation and theory that can explain many of the complexities of the
universe and life on earth.

The origin of the Argument by Design is a feeling that the existence of
something as incredibly intricate as, say, a human is so improbable that
surely it can't have come about by chance; that surely there must be some 
external intelligence directing things so that humans come from the chaos
deliberately.

But if human intelligence is so improbable, surely the existence of a mind
capable of fashioning an entire universe complete with conscious beings must
be immeasurably more unlikely?  The approach used to argue in favour of the
existence of a creator can be turned around and applied to the Creationist
position.

This leads us to the familiar theme of "If a creator created the universe,
what created the creator?", but with the addition of spiralling 
improbability.  The only way out is to declare that the creator was not
created and just "is" (or "was").

From here we might as well ask what is wrong with saying that the universe
just "is" without introducing a creator?  Indeed Stephen Hawking, in his book
"A Brief History of Time", explains his theory that the universe is closed
and finite in extent, with no beginning or end.

The Argument From Design is often stated by analogy, in the so-called 
Watchmaker Argument.  One is asked to imagine that one has found a watch on
the beach.  Does one assume that it was created by a watchmaker, or that it
evolved naturally?  Of course one assumes a watchmaker.  Yet like the 
watch, the universe is intricate and complex; so, the argument goes, the 
universe too must have a creator.

The Watchmaker analogy suffers from three particular flaws, over and above 
those common to all Arguments By Design.  Firstly, a watchmaker creates 
watches from pre-existing materials, whereas God is claimed to have 
created the universe from nothing.  These two sorts of creation are 
clearly fundamentally different, and the analogy is therefore rather weak.

Secondly, a watchmaker makes watches, but there are many other things in 
the world.  If we walked further along the beach and found a nuclear 
reactor, we wouldn't assume it was created by the watchmaker.  The argument 
would therefore suggest a multitude of creators, each responsible for a 
different part of creation.

Finally, in the first part of the watchmaker argument we conclude that 
the watch is not part of nature because it is ordered, and therefore 
stands out from the randomness of nature.  Yet in the second part of the 
argument, we start from the position that the universe is obviously not 
random, but shows elements of order.  The Watchmaker argument is thus 
internally inconsistent.

------------------------------

Subject: Independent evidence that the Bible is true

Typical posting:

The events of the New Testament are confirmed by independent documentary
evidence.  For example...

Response:

The writings of Josephus are often mentioned as independent documentary
evidence.

Early versions of Josephus's work are thought not to have mentioned Jesus or
James; the extant version discusses John in a non-Christian context.  Many
scholars believe that the original mentioned Jesus and James in passing, but
that this was expanded by Christian copyists.  Several "reconstructions" of
the original text have been published to this effect.

Much information appears in the Ecclesiastical History of Eusebius (about 320
C.E.).  It is worthless as historical material because of the deliberate
falsification of the wily Eusebius who is generally acknowledged as 'the
first thoroughly dishonest historian of antiquity.' It is Eusebius who is
generally given the title of authorship for this material.

Aside from the New Testament, the biographical information about Jesus is
more well-documented.  For further information, please consult the Frequently
Asked Questions file for the newsgroup soc.religion.christian.

------------------------------

Subject: Godel's Incompleteness Theorem

Typical posting:

Godel's Incompleteness Theorem demonstrates that it is impossible for the
Bible to be both true and complete.

Response:

Godel's First Incompleteness Theorem says that in any consistent formal 
system which is sufficiently expressive that it can model ordinary 
arithmetic, one can formulate expressions which can never be proven to be 
valid or invalid ('true' or 'false') within that formal system.  (Technically
speaking, the system must also be recursive; that is, there must be a decision
procedure for determining whether a given string is an axiom within the formal 
system.)

Essentially, all such systems can formulate what is known as a "Liar 
Paradox."  The classic Liar Paradox sentence in ordinary English is "This 
sentence is false."  Note that if a proposition is undecidable, the formal 
system cannot even deduce that it is undecidable.

The logic used in theological discussions is rarely well defined, so claims
that Godel's Incompleteness Theorem demonstrates that it is impossible to
prove or disprove) the existence of God are worthless in isolation.

One can trivially define a formal system in which it is possible to prove the
existence of God, simply by having the existence of God stated as an axiom. 
This is unlikely to be viewed by atheists as a convincing proof, however.

It may be possible to succeed in producing a formal system built on axioms
that both atheists and theists agree with.  It may then be possible to show
that Godel's Incompleteness Theorem holds for that system.  However, that
would still not demonstrate that it is impossible to prove that God exists
within the system.  Furthermore, it certainly wouldn't tell us anything about
whether it is possible to prove the existence of God generally.

Note also that all of these hypothetical formal systems tell us nothing about
the actual existence of God; the formal systems are just abstractions.

Another frequent claim is that Godel's Incompleteness Theorem demonstrates
that a religious text (the Bible, the Book of Mormon or whatever) cannot be
both consistent and universally applicable. Religious texts are not formal
systems, so such claims are nonsense.

------------------------------

Subject: George Bush on atheism and patriotism

Typical posting:

Did George Bush really say that atheists should not be considered citizens?

Response:

The following exchange took place at the Chicago airport between Robert I.
Sherman of American Atheist Press and George Bush, on August 27 1988. Sherman
is a fully accredited reporter, and was present by invitation as a member of
the press corps.  The Republican presidential nominee was there to announce
federal disaster relief for Illinois.  The discussion turned to the
presidential primary:

 RS: "What will you do to win the votes of Americans who are atheists?"

 GB: "I guess I'm pretty weak in the atheist community.  Faith in
      God is important to me."

 RS: "Surely you recognize the equal citizenship and patriotism of
      Americans who are atheists?"

 GB: "No, I don't know that atheists should be considered as citizens,
      nor should they be considered patriots.  This is one nation under
      God."

 RS: "Do you support as a sound constitutional principle the separation
      of state and church?"

 GB: "Yes, I support the separation of church and state.  I'm just not
      very high on atheists."

UPI reported on May 8, 1989, that various atheist organizations were
still angry over the remarks.

The exchange appeared in the Boulder Daily Camera on Monday February 27,
1989.  It can also be found in "Free Enquiry" magazine, Fall 1988 issue,
Volume 8, Number 4, page 16.

On October 29, 1988, Mr. Sherman had a confrontation with Ed Murnane,
cochairman of the Bush-Quayle '88 Illinois campaign.  This concerned a
lawsuit Mr. Sherman had filed to stop the Community Consolidated School
District 21 (Chicago, Illinois) from forcing his first-grade Atheist son to
pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States as "one nation under God"
(Bush's phrase).  The following conversation took place:
 
 RS: "American Atheists filed the Pledge of Allegiance lawsuit yesterday.
      Does the Bush campaign have an official response to this filing?"
 
 EM: "It's bullshit."
 
 RS: "What is bullshit?"
 
 EM: "Everything that American Atheists does, Rob, is bullshit."
 
 RS: "Thank you for telling me what the official position of the Bush
      campaign is on this issue."

 EM: "You're welcome."

After Bush's election, American Atheists wrote to Bush asking him to retract
his statement.  On February 21st 1989, C. Boyden Gray, Counsel to the
President, replied on White House stationery that Bush substantively stood by
his original statement, and wrote:

  "As you are aware, the President is a religious man who neither supports
   atheism nor believes that atheism should be unnecessarily encouraged or
   supported by the government."

For further information, contact American Atheist Veterans at the American
Atheist Press's Cameron Road address.

------------------------------

Subject: I know where hell is!

Typical posting:

I know where Hell is!  Hell is in Norway!

Response:

There are several towns called "Hell" in various countries around the
world, including Norway and the USA.  Whilst this information is mildly
amusing the first time one hears it, readers of alt.atheism are now 
getting pretty fed up with hearing it every week.

------------------------------

Subject: Biblical contradictions wanted

Typical posting:

Does anyone have a list of Biblical contradictions?

Response:
 
American Atheist Press publish an atheist's handbook detailing Biblical
contradictions. See the accompanying posting on Atheist Resources for
details.

There is a file containing some Biblical contradictions available from the
archive-server@mantis.co.uk. See the contacts file for more information.

------------------------------

Subject: The USA is a Christian nation

Typical posting:

Because of the religious beliefs of the founding fathers, shouldn't the
United States be considered a Christian nation?

Response:

Based upon the writings of several important founding fathers, it is clear
that they never intended the US to be a Christian nation.  Here are some
quotes; there are many more.

  "What influence, in fact, have ecclesiastical establishments had on society?
   In some instances they have been seen to erect a spiritual tyranny on the
   ruins of the civil authority; on many instances they have been seen
   upholding the thrones of political tyranny; in no instance have they been
   the guardians of the liberties of the people.  Rulers who wish to subvert
   the public liberty may have found an established clergy convenient
   auxiliaries. A just government, instituted to secure and perpetuate it,
   needs them not."
      - James Madison, "A Memorial and Remonstrance", 1785

  "I almost shudder at the thought of alluding to the most fatal example of
   the abuses of grief which the history of mankind has preserved--the Cross.
   Consider what calamities that engine of grief has produced!"
      - John Adams, in a letter to Thomas Jefferson

  "History I believe furnishes no example of a priest-ridden people
   maintaining a free civil government.  This marks the lowest grade of
   ignorance, of which their political as well as religious leaders will
   always avail themselves for their own purpose."

      - Thomas Jefferson to Baron von Humboldt, 1813

  "I cannot conceive otherwise than that He, the Infinite Father, expects or
   requires no worship or praise from us, but that He is even infinitely
   above it."

      - Benjamin Franklin, from "Articles of Belief and Acts of Religion",
        Nov. 20, 1728

------------------------------

Subject: The USA is not a Christian nation

Typical posting:

Is it true that George Washington said that the United States is not in any
sense founded upon the Christian religion?

Response:

No.  The quotation often given is in fact from Article XI of the 1797 Treaty
of Tripoli (8 Stat 154, Treaty Series 358):

   Article 11

   As the government of the United States of America is not in any sense
   founded on the Christian Religion, -- as it has in itself no character of
   enmity against the laws, religion or tranquility of Musselmen, -- and as
   the said States never have entered into any war or act of hostility
   against any Mehomitan nation, it is declared by the parties that no
   pretext arising from religious opinions shall ever produce an interruption
   of the harmony existing between the two countries.

The text may be found in the Congressional Record or in treaty collections
such as Charles Bevans' "Treaties and Other International Agreements of the
United States of America 1776-1949", vol. 11 (pp. 1070-1080).

The English text of the Treaty of Tripoli was approved by the U.S. Senate on
June 7, 1797 and ratified by President John Adams on June 10, 1797.  It was
recently discovered that the Arabic version of the treaty not only lacks the
quotation, it lacks Article XI altogether.

The person who translated the Arabic to English was Joel Barlow, Consul
General at Algiers, a close friend of Thomas Paine -- and an opponent of
Christianity.  It is possible that Barlow made up Article XI, but since there
is no Arabic version of that article to be found, it's hard to say.

In 1806 a new Treaty of Tripoli was ratified which no longer contained the
quotation.


End of FAQ Digest
*****************
�

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 52909
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Constructing a Logical Argument

Archive-name: atheism/logic
Alt-atheism-archive-name: logic
Last-modified: 5 April 1993
Version: 1.4

                       Constructing a Logical Argument

Although there is much argument on Usenet, the general quality of argument
found is poor.  This article attempts to provide a gentle introduction to
logic, in the hope of improving the general level of debate.

Logic is the science of reasoning, proof, thinking, or inference [Concise
OED].  Logic allows us to analyze a piece of reasoning and determine whether
it is correct or not (valid or invalid).  Of course, one does not need to
study logic in order to reason correctly; nevertheless, a little basic
knowledge of logic is often helpful when constructing or analyzing an
argument.

Note that no claim is being made here about whether logic is universally
applicable.  The matter is very much open for debate.  This document merely
explains how to use logic, given that you have already decided that logic is
the right tool for the job.

Propositions (or statements) are the building blocks of a logical argument. A
proposition is a statement which is either true or false; for example, "It is
raining" or "Today is Tuesday".  Propositions may be either asserted (said to
be true) or denied (said to be false).  Note that this is a technical meaning
of "deny", not the everyday meaning.

The proposition is the meaning of the statement, not the particular
arrangement of words used to express it.  So "God exists" and "There exists a
God" both express the same proposition.

An argument is, to quote the Monty Python sketch, "a connected series of
statements to establish a definite proposition".  An argument consists of
three stages.

First of all, the propositions which are necessary for the argument to
continue are stated.  These are called the premises of the argument.  They
are the evidence or reasons for accepting the argument and its conclusions. 

Premises (or assertions) are often indicated by phrases such as "because",
"since", "obviously" and so on.  (The phrase "obviously" is often viewed with
suspicion, as it can be used to intimidate others into accepting suspicious
premises.  If something doesn't seem obvious to you, don't be afraid to
question it.  You can always say "Oh, yes, you're right, it is obvious" when
you've heard the explanation.)

Next, the premises are used to derive further propositions by a process known
as inference.  In inference, one proposition is arrived at on the basis of
one or more other propositions already accepted.  There are various forms of
valid inference.

The propositions arrived at by inference may then be used in further
inference.  Inference is often denoted by phrases such as "implies that" or
"therefore".

Finally, we arrive at the conclusion of the argument -- the proposition which
is affirmed on the basis of the premises and inference.  Conclusions are often
indicated by phrases such as "therefore", "it follows that", "we conclude"
and so on.  The conclusion is often stated as the final stage of inference.

For example:

Every event has a cause (premise)
The universe has a beginning (premise)
All beginnings involve an event (premise)
This implies that the beginning of the universe involved an event (inference)
Therefore the universe has a cause (inference and conclusion)

Note that the conclusion of one argument might be a premise in another
argument.  A proposition can only be called a premise or a conclusion with
respect to a particular argument; the terms do not make sense in isolation.

Sometimes an argument will not follow the order given above; for example,
the conclusions might be stated first and the premises stated 
afterwards in support of the conclusion.  This is perfectly valid, if 
sometimes a little confusing.

Recognizing an argument is much harder than recognizing premises or
conclusions.  Many people shower their writing with assertions without ever
producing anything which one might reasonably describe as an argument.  Some
statements look like arguments, but are not.  For example:

"If the Bible is accurate, Jesus must either have been insane, an evil liar,
 or the Son of God."

This is not an argument, it is a conditional statement.  It does not assert
the premises which are necessary to support what appears to be its 
conclusion.  (It also suffers from a number of other logical flaws, but we'll
come to those later.)

Another example:

"God created you; therefore do your duty to God."

The phrase "do your duty to God" is not a proposition, since it is neither
true nor false.  Therefore it is not a conclusion, and the sentence is not an
argument.

Finally, causality is important.  Consider a statement of the form "A because
B".  If we're interested in establishing A and B is offered as evidence, the
statement is an argument.  If we're trying to establish the truth of B, then
it is not an argument, it is an explanation.

For example:

"There must be something wrong with the engine of my car, because it will not
 start." -- This is an argument.

"My car will not start because there is something wrong with the engine."
 -- This is an explanation.

There are two traditional types of argument, deductive and inductive.  A
deductive argument is one which provides conclusive proof of its conclusions
-- that is, an argument where if the premises are true, the conclusion must
also be true.  A deductive argument is either valid or invalid.  A valid
argument is defined as one where if the premises are true, then the
conclusion is true.

An inductive argument is one where the premises provide some evidence for the
truth of the conclusion.  Inductive arguments are not valid or invalid;
however, we can talk about whether they are better or worse than other
arguments, and about how probable their premises are.

There are forms of argument in ordinary language which are neither deductive
nor inductive.  However, we will concentrate for the moment on deductive
arguments, as they are often viewed as the most rigorous and convincing.

It is important to note that the fact that a deductive argument is valid does
not imply that its conclusion holds.  This is because of the slightly 
counter-intuitive nature of implication, which we must now consider more
carefully.

Obviously a valid argument can consist of true propositions.  However, an
argument may be entirely valid even if it contains only false propositions. 
For example:

   All insects have wings (premise)
   Woodlice are insects (premise)
   Therefore woodlice have wings (conclusion)

Here, the conclusion is not true because the argument's premises are false. 
If the argument's premises were true, however, the conclusion would be true. 
The argument is thus entirely valid.

More subtly, we can reach a true conclusion from one or more false premises,
as in:

   All fish live in the sea (premise)
   Dolphins are fish (premise)
   Therefore dolphins live in the sea (conclusion)

However, the one thing we cannot do is reach a false conclusion through valid
inference from true premises.  We can therefore draw up a "truth table" for
implication.

The symbol "=>" denotes implication; "A" is the premise, "B" the conclusion. 
"T" and "F" represent true and false respectively.

Premise Conclusion Inference
   A        B        A=>B
----------------------------
   F        F         T      If the premises are false and the inference
   F        T         T      valid, the conclusion can be true or false.

   T        F         F      If the premises are true and the conclusion
                             false, the inference must be invalid.

   T        T         T      If the premises are true and the inference valid,
                             the conclusion must be true.

A sound argument is a valid argument whose premises are true.  A sound 
argument therefore arrives at a true conclusion.  Be careful not to confuse
valid arguments with sound arguments.

To delve further into the structure of logical arguments would require
lengthy discussion of linguistics and philosophy.  It is simpler and probably
more useful to summarize the major pitfalls to be avoided when constructing
an argument.  These pitfalls are known as fallacies.

In everyday English the term "fallacy" is used to refer to mistaken beliefs
as well as to the faulty reasoning that leads to those beliefs.  This is fair
enough, but in logic the term is generally used to refer to a form of
technically incorrect argument, especially if the argument appears valid or
convincing.

So for the purposes of this discussion, we define a fallacy as a logical
argument which appears to be correct, but which can be seen to be incorrect
when examined more closely.  By studying fallacies we aim to avoid being
misled by them.  The following list of fallacies is not intended to be
exhaustive.

ARGUMENTUM AD BACULUM (APPEAL TO FORCE)

The Appeal to Force is committed when the arguer resorts to force or the
threat of force in order to try and push the acceptance of a conclusion.  It
is often used by politicians, and can be summarized as "might makes right". 
The force threatened need not be a direct threat from the arguer.

For example:
"... Thus there is ample proof of the truth of the Bible.  All those who
refuse to accept that truth will burn in Hell."

ARGUMENTUM AD HOMINEM

Argumentum ad hominem is literally "argument directed at the man".

The Abusive variety of Argumentum ad Hominem occurs when, instead of trying
to disprove the truth of an assertion, the arguer attacks the person or
people making the assertion.  This is invalid because the truth of an
assertion does not depend upon the goodness of those asserting it.

For example:
"Atheism is an evil philosophy.  It is practised by Communists and murderers."

Sometimes in a court of law doubt is cast upon the testimony of a witness by 
showing, for example, that he is a known perjurer.  This is a valid way of
reducing the credibility of the testimony given by the witness, and not
argumentum ad hominem; however, it does not demonstrate that the witness's
testimony is false.  To conclude otherwise is to fall victim of the
Argumentum ad Ignorantiam (see elsewhere in this list).

The circumstantial form of Argumentum ad Hominem is committed when a person
argues that his opponent ought to accept the truth of an assertion because of
the opponent's particular circumstances.

For example:
"It is perfectly acceptable to kill animals for food.  How can you argue
otherwise when you're quite happy to wear leather shoes?"

This is an abusive charge of inconsistency, used as an excuse for dismissing
the opponent's argument.

This fallacy can also be used as a means of rejecting a conclusion.  For 
example:

"Of course you would argue that positive discrimination is a bad thing. 
You're white."

This particular form of Argumentum ad Hominem, when one alleges that one's
adversary is rationalizing a conclusion formed from selfish interests, is
also known as "poisoning the well".

ARGUMENTUM AD IGNORANTIUM

Argumentum ad ignorantium means "argument from ignorance".  This fallacy
occurs whenever it is argued that something must be true simply because it
has not been proved false.  Or, equivalently, when it is argued that
something must be false because it has not been proved true.  (Note that this
is not the same as assuming that something is false until it has been proved
true, a basic scientific principle.)

Examples:
"Of course the Bible is true.  Nobody can prove otherwise."

"Of course telepathy and other psychic phenomena do not exist.  Nobody has
shown any proof that they are real."

Note that this fallacy does not apply in a court of law, where one is
generally assumed innocent until proven guilty.

Also, in scientific investigation if it is known that an event would produce
certain evidence of its having occurred, the absence of such evidence can 
validly be used to infer that the event did not occur.  For example:

"A flood as described in the Bible would require an enormous volume of water
to be present on the earth.  The earth does not have a tenth as much water,
even if we count that which is frozen into ice at the poles.  Therefore no
such flood occurred."

In science, we can validly assume from lack of evidence that something has
not occurred.  We cannot conclude with certainty that it has not occurred,
however.

ARGUMENTUM AD MISERICORDIAM

This is the Appeal to Pity, also known as Special Pleading.  The fallacy is 
committed when the arguer appeals to pity for the sake of getting a 
conclusion accepted.  For example:

"I did not murder my mother and father with an axe.  Please don't find me
guilty; I'm suffering enough through being an orphan."

ARGUMENTUM AD POPULUM

This is known as Appealing to the Gallery, or Appealing to the People.  To
commit this fallacy is to attempt to win acceptance of an assertion by
appealing to a large group of people.  This form of fallacy is often
characterized by emotive language.  For example:

"Pornography must be banned.  It is violence against women."

"The Bible must be true.  Millions of people know that it is.  Are you trying
to tell them that they are all mistaken fools?"

ARGUMENTUM AD NUMERAM

This fallacy is closely related to the argumentum ad populum.  It consists of
asserting that the more people who support or believe a proposition, the more
likely it is that that proposition is correct.

ARGUMENTUM AD VERECUNDIAM

The Appeal to Authority uses the admiration of the famous to try and win
support for an assertion.  For example:

"Isaac Newton was a genius and he believed in God."

This line of argument is not always completely bogus; for example, reference
to an admitted authority in a particular field may be relevant to a
discussion of that subject.  For example, we can distinguish quite clearly
between:

"Stephen Hawking has concluded that black holes give off radiation"
and
"John Searle has concluded that it is impossible to build an intelligent
 computer"

Hawking is a physicist, and so we can reasonably expect his opinions on black
hole radiation to be informed.  Searle is a linguist, so it is questionable 
whether he is well-qualified to speak on the subject of machine intelligence.

THE FALLACY OF ACCIDENT

The Fallacy of Accident is committed when a general rule is applied to a
particular case whose "accidental" circumstances mean that the rule is
inapplicable.  It is the error made when one goes from the general to the
specific.  For example:

"Christians generally dislike atheists.  You are a Christian, so you must
dislike atheists."

This fallacy is often committed by moralists and legalists who try to decide
every moral and legal question by mechanically applying general rules.

CONVERSE ACCIDENT / HASTY GENERALIZATION

This fallacy is the reverse of the fallacy of accident.  It occurs when one
forms a general rule by examining only a few specific cases which are not
representative of all possible cases.

For example:
"Jim Bakker was an insincere Christian.  Therefore all Christians are
insincere."

SWEEPING GENERALIZATION / DICTO SIMPLICITER

A sweeping generalization occurs when a general rule is applied to a
particular situation in which the features of that particular situation
render the rule inapplicable.  A sweeping generalization is the opposite of a
hasty generalization.

NON CAUSA PRO CAUSA / POST HOC ERGO PROPTER HOC

These are known as False Cause fallacies.

The fallacy of Non Causa Pro Causa occurs when one identifies something as the
cause of an event but it has not actually been shown to be the cause.  For 
example:

"I took an aspirin and prayed to God, and my headache disappeared.  So God
cured me of the headache."

The fallacy of Post Hoc Ergo Propter Hoc occurs when something is assumed to
be the cause of an event merely because it happened before the event.  For 
example:

"The Soviet Union collapsed after taking up atheism.  Therefore we must avoid
atheism for the same reasons."

CUM HOC ERGO PROPTER HOC

This fallacy is similar to post hoc ergo propter hoc.  It asserts that
because two events occur together, they must be causally related, and leaves
no room for other factors that may be the cause(s) of the events.

PETITIO PRINCIPII

This fallacy occurs when the premises are at least as questionable as the
conclusion reached.

CIRCULUS IN DEMONSTRANDO

This fallacy occurs when one assumes as a premise the conclusion which one
wishes to reach.  Often, the proposition will be rephrased so that the
fallacy appears to be a valid argument.  For example:

"Homosexuals must not be allowed to hold government office.  Hence any
government official who is revealed to be a homosexual will lose his job. 
Therefore homosexuals will do anything to hide their secret, and will be open
to blackmail.  Therefore homosexuals cannot be allowed to hold government
office."

Note that the argument is entirely circular; the premise is the same as the 
conclusion.  An argument like the above has actually been cited as the reason
for the British Secret Services' official ban on homosexual employees. 
Another example is the classic:

"We know that God exists because the Bible tells us so.  And we know that the
Bible is true because it is the word of God."

COMPLEX QUESTION / FALLACY OF INTERROGATION

This is the Fallacy of Presupposition.  One example is the classic loaded 
question:

"Have you stopped beating your wife?"

The question presupposes a definite answer to another question which has not
even been asked.  This trick is often used by lawyers in cross-examination,
when they ask questions like:

"Where did you hide the money you stole?"

Similarly, politicians often ask loaded questions such as:

"How long will this EC interference in our affairs be allowed to continue?"
or
"Does the Chancellor plan two more years of ruinous privatization?"

IGNORATIO ELENCHI

The fallacy of Irrelevant Conclusion consists of claiming that an argument 
supports a particular conclusion when it is actually logically nothing to do
with that conclusion.

For example, a Christian may begin by saying that he will argue that the
teachings of Christianity are undoubtably true.  If he then argues at length
that Christianity is of great help to many people, no matter how well he
argues he will not have shown that Christian teachings are true.

Sadly, such fallacious arguments are often successful because they arouse
emotions which cause others to view the supposed conclusion in a more
favourable light.

EQUIVOCATION

Equivocation occurs when a key word is used with two or more different
meanings in the same argument.  For example:

"What could be more affordable than free software?  But to make sure that it
remains free, that users can do what they like with it, we must place a
license on it to make sure that will always be freely redistributable."

AMPHIBOLY

Amphiboly occurs when the premises used in an argument are ambiguous because
of careless or ungrammatical phrasing.

ACCENT

Accent is another form of fallacy through shifting meaning.  In this case,
the meaning is changed by altering which parts of a statement are
emphasized.  For example, consider:

"We should not speak ILL of our friends"
and
"We should not speak ill of our FRIENDS"

FALLACIES OF COMPOSITION

One fallacy of composition is to conclude that a property shared by the parts
of something must apply to the whole.  For example:

"The bicycle is made entirely of low mass components, and is therefore very 
lightweight."

The other fallacy of composition is to conclude that a property of a number
of individual items is shared by a collection of those items.  For example:

"A car uses less petrol and causes less pollution than a bus.  Therefore cars
are less environmentally damaging than buses."

FALLACY OF DIVISION

The fallacy of division is the opposite of the fallacy of composition.  Like
its opposite, it exists in two varieties.  The first is to assume that a
property of some thing must apply to its parts.  For example:

"You are studying at a rich college.  Therefore you must be rich."

The other is to assume that a property of a collection of items is shared by
each item.  For example:

"Ants can destroy a tree.  Therefore this ant can destroy a tree."

THE SLIPPERY SLOPE ARGUMENT

This argument states that should one event occur, so will other harmful
events.  There is no proof made that the harmful events are caused by the
first event.

For example:
"If we legalize marijuana, then we would have to legalize crack and heroin
and we'll have a nation full of drug-addicts on welfare.  Therefore we cannot
legalize marijuana."

"A IS BASED ON B" FALLACIES / "IS A TYPE OF" FALLACIES

These fallacies occur when one attempts to argue that things are in some way
similar without actually specifying in what way they are similar.

Examples:
"Isn't history based upon faith?  If so, then isn't the Bible also a form of
history?"

"Islam is based on faith, Christianity is based on faith, so isn't Islam a
form of Christianity?"

"Cats are a form of animal based on carbon chemistry, dogs are a form of
animal based on carbon chemistry, so aren't dogs a form of cat?"

AFFIRMATION OF THE CONSEQUENT

This fallacy is an argument of the form "A implies B, B is true, therefore A
is true".  To understand why it is a fallacy, examine the truth table for
implication given earlier.

DENIAL OF THE ANTECEDENT

This fallacy is an argument of the form "A implies B, A is false, therefore B
is false".  Again, the truth table for implication makes it clear why this is
a fallacy.

Note that this fallacy is different from Non Causa Pro Causa; the latter has
the form "A implies B, A is false, therefore B is false", where A does NOT in
fact imply B at all.  Here, the problem is not that the implication is
invalid; rather it is that the falseness of A does not allow us to deduce
anything about B.

CONVERTING A CONDITIONAL

This fallacy is an argument of the form "If A then B, therefore if B then A".

ARGUMENTUM AD ANTIQUITAM

This is the fallacy of asserting that something is right or good simply
because it is old, or because "that's the way it's always been."

ARGUMENTUM AD NOVITAM

This is the opposite of the argumentum ad antiquitam; it is the fallacy of
asserting that something is more correct simply because it is new or newer
than something else.

ARGUMENTUM AD CRUMENAM

The fallacy of believing that money is a criterion of correctness; that those
with more money are more likely to be right.

ARGUMENTUM AD LAZARUM

The fallacy of assuming that because someone is poor he or she is sounder or
more virtuous than one who is wealthier.  This fallacy is the opposite of the
argumentum ad crumenam.

ARGUMENTUM AD NAUSEAM

This is the incorrect belief that an assertion is more likely to be true the
more often it is heard.  An "argumentum ad nauseum" is one that employs
constant repetition in asserting something.

BIFURCATION

Also referred to as the "black and white" fallacy, bifurcation occurs when
one presents a situation as having only two alternatives, where in fact other
alternatives exist or can exist.

PLURIUM INTERROGATIONUM / MANY QUESTIONS

This fallacy occurs when a questioner demands a simple answer to a complex
question.

NON SEQUITUR

A non-sequitur is an argument where the conclusion is drawn from premises
which are not logically connected with it.

RED HERRING

This fallacy is committed when irrelevant material is introduced to the issue
being discussed, so that everyone's attention is diverted away from the
points being made, towards a different conclusion.

REIFICATION / HYPOSTATIZATION

Reification occurs when an abstract concept is treated as a concrete thing.

SHIFTING THE BURDEN OF PROOF

The burden of proof is always on the person making an assertion or
proposition.  Shifting the burden of proof, a special case of argumentum ad
ignorantium, is the fallacy of putting the burden of proof on the person who
denies or questions the assertion being made.  The source of the fallacy is
the assumption that something is true unless proven otherwise.

STRAW MAN

The straw man fallacy is to misrepresent someone else's position so that it
can be attacked more easily, then to knock down that misrepresented position,
then to conclude that the original position has been demolished.  It is a
fallacy because it fails to deal with the actual arguments that have been
made.

THE EXTENDED ANALOGY

The fallacy of the Extended Analogy often occurs when some suggested general
rule is being argued over.  The fallacy is to assume that mentioning two 
different situations, in an argument about a general rule, constitutes a 
claim that those situations are analogous to each other.

This fallacy is best explained using a real example from a debate about 
anti-cryptography legislation:

"I believe it is always wrong to oppose the law by breaking it."

"Such a position is odious: it implies that you would not have supported
 Martin Luther King."

"Are you saying that cryptography legislation is as important as the
 struggle for Black liberation?  How dare you!"

TU QUOQUE

This is the famous "you too" fallacy.  It occurs when an action is argued to
be acceptable because the other party has performed it.  For instance:

"You're just being randomly abusive."
"So?  You've been abusive too."

�

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 52910
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Overview for New Readers

Archive-name: atheism/overview
Alt-atheism-archive-name: overview
Last-modified: 5 April 1993
Version: 1.2

                                   Overview

Welcome to alt.atheism and alt.atheism.moderated.

This is the first in a series of regular postings aimed at new readers of the
newsgroups.

Many groups of a 'controversial' nature have noticed that new readers often
come up with the same questions, mis-statements or misconceptions and post
them to the net.  In addition, people often request information which has
been posted time and time again.  In order to try and cut down on this, the
alt.atheism groups have a series of five regular postings under the following
titles:

   1.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Overview for New Readers
   2.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Introduction to Atheism
   3.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
   4.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Constructing a Logical Argument
   5.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Atheist Resources

This is article number 1.  Please read numbers 2 and 3 before posting.  The
others are entirely optional.

If you are new to Usenet, you may also find it helpful to read the newsgroup
news.announce.newusers.  The articles titled "A Primer on How to Work With
the Usenet Community", "Answers to Frequently Asked Questions about Usenet"
and "Hints on writing style for Usenet" are particularly relevant.  Questions
concerning how news works are best asked in news.newusers.questions.

If you are unable to find any of the articles listed above, see the "Finding
Stuff" section below.


                                   Credits

These files could not have been written without the assistance of the many
readers of alt.atheism and alt.atheism.moderated.  In particular, I'd like to
thank the following people:

kck+@cs.cmu.edu (Karl Kluge)
perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
NETOPRWA@ncsuvm.cc.ncsu.edu (Wayne Aiken)
chpetk@gdr.bath.ac.uk (Toby Kelsey)
jkp@cs.HUT.FI (Jyrki Kuoppala)
geoff.arnold@East.Sun.COM (Geoff Arnold)
torkel@sics.se (Torkel Franzen)
kmldorf@utdallas.edu (George Kimeldorf)
roe2@quads.uchicago.edu (Greg Roelofs)
arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee)
madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
J5J@psuvm.psu.edu (John A. Johnson)
dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham)
mayne@open.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne)
ajr@bigbird.hri.com (Andy Rosen)
stoesser@ira.uka.de (Achim Stoesser)
bosullvn@unix1.tcd.ie (Bryan O'Sullivan)
lippard@ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)
s1b3832@rigel.tamu.edu (S. Baum)
ydobyns@phoenix.princeton.edu (York H. Dobyns)
schroede@sdsc.edu (Wayne Schroeder)
baldwin@csservera.usna.navy.mil (J.D. Baldwin)
D_NIBBY@unhh.unh.edu (Dana Nibby)
dempsey@Kodak.COM (Richard C. Dempsey)
jmunch@hertz,elee.calpoly.edu (John David Munch)
pdc@dcs.ed.ac.uk (Paul Crowley)
rz@mips.complang.tuwien.ac.at (Richard Zach)
tycchow@math.mit.edu (Tim Chow)
simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale)

...and countless others I've forgotten.

These articles are free.  Truly free.  You may copy them and distribute them
to anyone you wish.  However, please send any changes or corrections to the
author, and please do not re-post copies of the articles to alt.atheism; it
does nobody any good to have multiple versions of the same document floating
around the network.


                                Finding Stuff

All of the FAQ files *should* be somewhere on your news system.  Here are
some suggestions on what to do if you can't find them:

1. Check the newsgroup alt.atheism.  Look for subject lines starting with
   "Alt.Atheism FAQ:".

2. Check the newsgroup news.answers for the same subject lines.

   If you don't find anything in steps 1 or 2, your news system isn't set up
   correctly, and you may wish to tell your system administrator about the
   problem.

3. If you have anonymous FTP access, connect to rtfm.mit.edu [18.172.1.27].
   Go to the directory /pub/usenet/alt.atheism, and you'll find the latest
   versions of the FAQ files there.

   FTP is a a way of copying files between networked computers.  If you
   need help in using or getting started with FTP, send e-mail to
   mail-server@rtfm.mit.edu with

      send usenet/news.answers/ftp-list/faq

   in the body.

4. There are other sites which also carry news.answers postings.  The article
   "Introduction to the news.answers newsgroup" carries a list of these
   sites; the article is posted regularly to news.answers.

5. If you don't have FTP, send mail to mail-server@rtfm.mit.edu
   consisting of the following lines:

      send usenet/news.answers/finding-sources
      send usenet/alt.atheism/faq
      send usenet/alt.atheism/introduction
      send usenet/alt.atheism/logic
      send usenet/alt.atheism/resources

5. (Penultimate resort)  Send mail to mail-server@mantis.co.uk consisting of
   the following lines:

      send atheism/faq/faq.txt
      send atheism/faq/logic.txt
      send atheism/faq/intro.txt
      send atheism/faq/resource.txt

   and our poor overworked modems will try and send you a copy of the files.
   There's other stuff, too; interesting commands to try are "help" and
   "send atheism/index".

6. (Last resort)  Mail mathew@mantis.co.uk, or post an article to the
   newsgroup asking how you can get the FAQ files.  You should only do this
   if you've tried the above methods and they've failed; it's not nice to
   clutter the newsgroup or people's mailboxes with requests for files.
   it's better than posting without reading the FAQ, though!  For instance,
   people whose email addresses get mangled in transit and who don't have 
   FTP will probably need assistance obtaining the FAQ files.


mathew
�

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53055
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

>DATE:   18 Apr 93 23:17:25 GMT
>FROM:   Bake Timmons <timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu>
>
>	These Bible-lovers have got to chill out.  If we all could just relax
>and see atheism for what it is, the funny pages could have more material.
>
>	Atheism denies the existence of God.  This is logically bankrupt --
>where is the proof of this nonexistence?  It's a joke.
>
>	So nobody can take the above sense of atheism seriously.  Perhaps

Perhaps because you just made it up?

Now put your skateboard away and read the FAQ.  Learn something about atheism
before you get off on these tangents.





Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53056
From: tclark@tlcslip.uncecs.edu (Thomas B. Clark)
Subject: Re: "So help you God" in court?  

I don't think there is really any question about which god the courts
mean.  The request for solemnly swearing, so help you god,
 is always made after a request to pick up the bible in your left hand
and hold up your right hand.  In the courts of NC, at least, it is always
an old and new testament.

Though it is hard to imagine, picking up the bible and swearing to (whatever)
god is sometimes the least of the religious influence.  There is a court in
Greensboro, NC, where the judge routinely has everyone in the courtroom
stand to join him in prayer at the beginning of every session.  I've thought about
sitting through it, but I'm not terribly anxious to spend 30 days in jail...

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53057
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Nicknames

In article <1993Apr18.231914.143616@zeus.calpoly.edu>,
jmunch@hertz.elee.calpoly.edu (John Munch) wrote:
> >Mathew "FAQ" can't remember his last name
> >Keith "Lie Tally .sig" Ryan
> >Kent "Finn-tastic" Sandvick
> >Cindy "Popsicle Toes" Kandolf
> >Jim "Face .sig" Tims
> >Simon "Clip-that-theist" Clippendale
> >Umar "Reasonable" Khan
> >Rob "Argue with G-d" Strom
> >Dave "Buckminster" Fuller
> >Maddi "Never a useful post" Hausmann
> 
> Hey, what about an affectionate nickname for me?

You could take my wrongly spelled surname :-).

Cheers,
Kent Sandvik
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53058
From: schlegel@cwis.unomaha.edu (Mark Schlegel)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:

>	Atheism denies the existence of God.  This is logically bankrupt --
>where is the proof of this nonexistence?  It's a joke.

 This is one of my favorite fallacious points against atheism, i.e. the 
 belief that you can't deny anything that you can't prove doesn't exist.
 This is easily nailed by showing that an infinite number of beings are
 conceivable but not observed to exist, does this mean that we would have
 to believe in all of them?  According to the above poster, we must believe
 in objects or beings that haven't been proved not to exist so why stop at
 God?   (there could be a huge number of beings identical to Ronald Reagan
 except for trivial differences, say one is missing a finger, one has blond
 hair,... and they all live  on other planets so we can't see them)  The 
 reason no one but atheists bring this up is that none of these christians
 have a vested interest in these unknown beings with the exception of God.

>Fine, but why do these people shoot themselves in the foot and mock the idea of
>a God?  Here again is a classic atheist fallacy.

 How did they shoot themselves in the foot?

>	Radical Muslims, the Crusades, the Inquisition are common examples that
>atheists like to bring up as marks against religion.  How weak!  Only fools can
>take that drivel seriously.  How about the grand-daddy of all human atrocities,
>the Stalinist movement?
>	Twenty eight MILLION people _killed_ under this leadership, which
>proudly featured atheism.

  There is a big difference here, Stalin didn't say that he stood for a 
  particular moral position (i.e. against murder and terrorism, etc.) and
  then did the opposite (like the religious movements), he was at least
  an honest killer.  (This is NOT a support of Stalin but an attack on this
  viewpoint).  Saying that atheism supports murder and violence just because
  one man was a tyrant and an atheist is just bad logic, look at all the
  russians that helped Stalin that weren't atheists - don't they contradict
  your point?  Besides your point assumes that his atheism was relevant
  to his murdering people, this is just the common assumption that atheists
  can't value life as much as theists (which you didn't support).  

>	Agnostics are not as funny because they are more reasonable.  Yet
>they do in some sense seem funny because they believe that the existence of God
>is unknowable.  This in itself is every bit the assumption that atheism is,
>though it's less arrogant and pompous.

 Ah, and here's another point you didn't get out of the FAQ.  An atheist
 doesn't have to hold the positive view that god doesn't exist, he/she may
 just have the non-existence of the positive belief.  Here's the example:
 
 Strong atheism - "I believe god does not exist"   a positive belief

 Weak atheism   - "I don't believe in a god"       a negative belief
 
 these are NOT the same, some one that has never thought of the idea of
 god in their whole life is technically an atheist, but not the kind that
 you are calling unreasonable.  Or let's look at it this way (in sets)
 
 suppose that a given person has a huge set of ideas that I will represent
 as capital letters and these people then either believe that these ideas
 exist as real objects or not.  So if S = santa, then E(S)= no is the person
 not believing in santa but still having the idea of santa.  But notice that
 even E(S) = no  is itself another idea!  This means you have lots of cases:
 
 christian :  (A,E(A)=yes,B,E(B)=no,  . . . G,E(G)=yes......) where G = god
 
 atheist (strong) : (A,E(A). . . . .G,E(G)=no)
 
 atheist (weak) : (A,.....E)     i.e. no G at all in the set
 
 agnostic :  (A,.......G, E(G) = indeterminate, E', ....) 


>	Why are people so afraid to say "undecided"?  It must just be another
>feature of human nature -- "undecided" is not a sexy, trendy, or glamorous
>word.  It does not inspire much hate or conflict.  It's not blasphemous.
>It's not political.  In fact it is too often taken to mean unsophisticated.

 Nietzsche once said that a man would rather will nonexistence than not
  will at all but the darwinist way to put this is that humanity always 
  prefers no or yes to a maybe because indecision is not a useful survival
  trait, evolution has drilled it in us to take positions, even false ones.


>Bake Timmons, III

M.S.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53059
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Christian Morality is

In <11836@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>In article <C5L1Ey.Jts@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
Cobb) writes:
>>In <11825@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) 
writes:
>>
>>
>>>  Actually, my atheism is based on ignorance.  Ignorance of the
>>>  existence of any god.  Don't fall into the "atheists don't believe
>>>  because of their pride" mistake.
>>
>>How do you know it's based on ignorance, couldn't that be wrong? Why would it
>>be wrong 
>>to fall into the trap that you mentioned? 
>>

>  If I'm wrong, god is free at any time to correct my mistake.  That
>  he continues not to do so, while supposedly proclaiming his
>  undying love for my eternal soul, speaks volumes.

What are the volumes that it speaks besides the fact that he leaves your 
choices up to you?

>  As for the trap, you are not in a position to tell me that I don't
>  believe in god because I do not wish to.  Unless you can know my
>  motivations better than I do myself, you should believe me when I
>  say that I earnestly searched for god for years and never found
>  him.

I definitely agree that it's rather presumptuous for either "side" to give some
psychological reasoning for another's belief.

MAC
>/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

>Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

>They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
>and sank Manhattan out at sea.

>^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53062
From: wilkins@scubed.com (Darin Wilkins)
Subject: Re: KORESH IS GOD!

>>FROM:   mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
>>The latest news seems to be that Koresh will give himself up once he's
>>finished writing a sequel to the Bible.

In article <2944079995.1.p00261@psilink.com> "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
>Writing the Seven Seals or something along those lines.  He's already
>written the first of the Seven which was around 30 pages or so and has
>handed it over to an assistant for PROOFREADING!.  I would expect any
>decent messiah to have a built-in spellchecker.  Maybe Koresh 2.0 will
>come with one.

I heard he had asked the FBI to provide him with a word processor.  Does
anyone know if Koresh has requested that it be WordPerfect5.0?  WP5.0 was
written (and is owned) by Mormons, so the theological implications of
requesting (or refusing) WP5.0 are profound!

darin
wilkins@scubed.scubed.com
________________________________
|                              |
| I will be President for food |
|______________________________|

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53064
From: bdunn@cco.caltech.edu (Brendan Dunn)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <93108.155839PTS102@psuvm.psu.edu> <PTS102@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
[Pitt vs. Penn State controversy deleted]
>
>Bringing this back to alt.atheism relevance:  So the guy says we're going to
>Hell.  That isn't sufficient cause to bitch to the system operator.  At worst,
>it's bad etiquette.  (Unless you really believe that someone is using his
>account without his knowledge/permission, which is actually against the law.)
>-----
>Patrick Saxton          "Pitt is a second-rate school in a second-rate city."
>pts102@PSUVM.psu.edu                                         - anon
>pts@ecl.psu.edu         ob.atheism:  "In Batman we Trust"
>

No.  It wouldn't be sufficient cause to bitch to the system operator if this
was just some guy saying that atheists are going to hell.  The point was 
that recently many messages were posted from that address.  Each of these
messages was posted to a different newsgroup, with the apparent intent of
provoking the readers of that particular group.  This, along with the fact
that these posts were written in all-caps, makes these posts suspect.
Whoever is using this account is using it irresponsibly.  If it is the
intended user, they should consider appropriate action.  If it is someone
else-- which seems a possibility, then this is also reason to report it.
	We get many posts in the flavor of the one that started this thread.
It is only because I have seen posts on other groups by this user that I
am considering action.

Brendan


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53065
From: bdunn@cco.caltech.edu (Brendan Dunn)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

Thanks to whoever posted this wonderful parody of people who post without 
reading the FAQ!  I was laughing for a good 5 minutes.  Were there any 
parts of the FAQ that weren't mentioned?  I think there might have been one
or two...

Please don't tell me this wasn't a joke.  I'm not ready to hear that yet...

Brendan

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53066
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Is Morality Constant (was Re: Biblical Rape)

Bill Conner (bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu) wrote:
 
: There are a couple of things about your post and others in this thread
: that are a little confusing. An atheist is one for whom all things can
: be understood as processes of nature - exclusively.

This definition does not include all atheists (see the FAQ). However,
I (for one) do think there is no need to invoke any divine or
spiritual explanations. 

It makes a big difference to claim that all things can be understood
as natural processes, and to claim that our observations do not
require us to postulate any divine intervention, or anything spiritual,
for that matter. Humans are not omnipotent, and neither is science.
However, science has one advantage theology doesn't: it is self-
correcting, with nature as its judge. 

It is delightful to see how scientific inquiry is revealing a self-
consistent, simple picture of our universe. Science is no longer
a bunch of separate branches, it is one. From particle physics to
psychology. And no aspect of our life, or our universe, is safe
from its stern and stony eye. Not even our consciousness.

 There is no need
: for any recourse to Divnity to describe or explain anything. There is
: no purpose or direction for any event beyond those required by
: physics, chemistry, biology, etc.; everything is random, nothing is
: determnined.

Actually, determinism vs. indeterminism is a philosophical question,
and science cannot say whether the whole thing is actually somehow
superdeterministic or not. I think the question does not have
any meaning, as far as individual human beings go. If their apparent
free will is an illusion, it does not appear to be so from their
perspective. Bill, can you say _for sure_ whether you have a free
will or not? 

: This would also have to include human intelligence of course and all
: its products. There is nothing requiring that life evolve or that it
: acquire intelligence, it's just a happy accident.

Maybe. Who are we to tell? It seems intelligence is useful - when
during the history of Earth has _one species_ been able to control
one third of the whole biosphere? This can still be a result of 
numerous happy accidents our genetic machinery blindly replicates
and preserves. Even that machinery can be result of the same
principle - only the systems that can start replicating will
survive, those which don't don't make it. (Recommended reading: t.o)

: For an atheist, no
: event can be preferred to another or be said to have more or less
: value than another in any naturalistic sense, and no thought -about-
: an event can have value. 

From whose perspective? I value events and things subjectively, from
my perspective. Nature does not have values, because it does not have
a perspective - values arise from awareness. If I have a subjective
perspective, it is easy to assume that other people also do, and if
I think about what it would it be like in their position, I will
eventually discover the Golden Rule. Morality is not necessarily
a gift from heavens, in fact, it may be a product of evolution.
Perhaps we are aware of ourselves because a sense of identity
is helpful, allows us to play the roles of others and make us respect
others who seem to have identity, too. 

Bill, have you ever read Aristotle? Try his Ethica Nikomakhea (sp.)
for starters.

: How then can an atheist judge value? What is the basis for criticizing
: the values ennumerated in the Bible or the purposes imputed to God? On
: what grounds can the the behavior of the reliogious be condemned? It
: seems that, in judging the values that motivate others to action, you
: have to have some standard against which conduct is measured, but what
: in nature can serve that purpose? What law of nature can you invoke to
: establish your values.

C.S. Lewis tells us that this argument was the main reason why
he abandoned his atheism and became Christian. The argument is
severely flawed.

Some values, such as the Golden Rule, can have a rational basis. Some
others, like the basic idea of wanting to live, has probably its
roots in the way our brains are wired. Lewis ignored the very real
possiblity that natural selection could also favour altruistic
behaviour, and morality as well. Indeed, as humans evolved better
and better in building and using tools, they also became better
at killing each other. It is a logical necessity that evolution could
only favour those who knew how to use tools, but not against one's
own people.

The Bible reveals quite nicely that the morality of the early Jews
was not beyond this. A simple set of rules to hold the people
together, under one god. Their god did not care much about people
of other nations. 

At the time of the NT, things were quite different - the Jews
were under rule of an _empire_, and could no longer simply ignore
the Gentiles. A new situation required a new morality, and along
with it a new religion was born. (A mutation in a meme pool.)

: Since every event is entirely and exclusively a physical event, what
: difference could it possibly make what -anyone- does, religious or
: otherwise, there can be no -meaning- or gradation of value. The only
: way an atheist can object to -any- behaviour is to admit that the
: objection is entirely subjective and that he(she) just doesn't like it
: - that's it. Any value judgement must be prefaced by the disclaimer
: that it is nothing more than a matter of personal opinion and carries
: no weight in any "absolute" sense.

It looks like you haven't bothered to read philosophy. Whenever there
is an observer, there is a subjective point of view, which may 
value its existence and happiness (even if that were just a result
of some physical event), and other's happiness, too, if the observer
comes to think about it. In an absolutely objective sense, that is,
without any observers or subjects, moral judgments lose their
meaning. 

It is not possible for a value to simply exist without a point of
view. This includes gods, too, their values are only _their_ 
personal judgments, not absolute truths, since such truths
do not exist. 

The fact that most people do not deliberately want to hurt others
is a manifestation of the way we have fought for our existence
by becoming social beings who can think and value others'
existence.

Morality is not property of humans alone - chimps, dolphins and
many other species show great care for each other. Dolphins have
sometimes saved humans from drowning, a good deed indeed. 

: That you don't like what God told people to do says nothing about God
: or God's commands, it says only that there was an electrical event in your
: nervous system that created an emotional state that your mind coupled
: with a pre-existing thought-set to form that reaction. That your
: objections -seem- well founded is due to the way you've been
: conditioned; there is no "truth" content. The whole of your
: intellectual landscape is an illusion, a virtual reality.

The last statement does not logically follow. In fact, there is
every reason to believe our thoughts can model reality very
well, and our senses can convey reliable information. Solipsism
is still a logical possibility, but not a very likely one.

You are continuously mixing two different views: the subjective
point of view (which we all share) and an objective point of view,
_which does not exist_. Any observer or thinker, any personal being,
has its own point of view. It does not matter whether this point
of view is a result of some physical events or not, it does not
cease to be subjective. 

From a non-observers non-point of view, values do not exist. Neither
does pain, or pleasure, or beauty, or love. Such things are 
inherently subjective. 

Once again, if god wants wives to submit to their husbands, or even
to make a leap of faith into the unknown, or wants to punish us if
we don't, I disagree with his morals. I do not think my morals come
from any supreme being - to remove my morals means the same than
to make me a zombie, a machine without a single thought. If god
gave us morality to judge, but I disagree with him, it is not my
fault. He is free to replace my morals. I cannot see what is the
point of giving someone a moral system which disagrees with one's
own and then to get mad at this. 

God must be schizophrenic.

: All of this being so, you have excluded
: yourself from any discussion of values, right, wrong, goood, evil,
: etc. and cannot participate. Your opinion about the Bible can have no
: weight whatsoever.

Neither can the opinion of any god, for that matter. I cannot understand
why a subjective opinion of a thing made of matter is in any way
less credible than an opinion of a thing made of something else.

Bill, take note: Absolute values must be independent of _any_ being,
_including_ gods. If god has a subjective viewpoint, it is his
own point of view, and his morals are his own. 

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53067
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <11847@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>In article <115670@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>>In article <11826@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>>I am refuting nothing but simply telling you what I see, which is
>>childish propaganda and nothing to be refuted. BCCI was not 
>>an Islamic bank, so this post has nothing to do with Islamic banks. 
>>I am tiring of this infantile garbage, so I simply evaluated it
>>as such.

>>>  Could you maybe flesh it out just a bit?  Or did I miss the full
>>>  grandeur of it's content by virtue of my blinding atheism?

>>You may be having difficulty seeing the light because you
>>have your head up your ass. I suggest making sure this is 
>>not the case before posting again.

>  It's time for your lesson in debate, Gregg.

Yeah, right.

>Begin included text:
>From vice!news.tek.com!uunet!psinntp!wrldlnk!usenet Sun Apr 18 10:01:11 PDT 1993

>I noticed a post on this topic in soc.religion.islam.   And since the topic
>of the BCCI being/not being an Islamic bank has come up, I have left in the
>one mention of the BCCI bank called "How BCCI adapted the Koran rules of
>banking" from this bibliography.


>Bennett, Neil.  "How BCCI adapted the Koran rules of banking".  The 
>Times.  August 13, 1991.

So, let's see. If some guy writes a piece with a title that implies
something is the case then it must be so, is that it?

>  This is how you support a position if you intend to have anyone
>  respect it, Gregg.  Any questions?  And I even managed to include
>  the above reference with my head firmly engaged in my ass.  What's
>  your excuse?

This supports nothing. I have no reason to believe that this is 
piece is anything other than another anti-Islamic slander job.
I have no respect for titles, only for real content. I can look
up this article if I want, true. But I can tell you BCCI was _not_
an Islamic bank. Seeing as I'm spending my time responding to
propaganda (in responding to this little sub-thread) I really
don't feel a deep need to do more than make statements to the
effect that the propaganda is false. If someone wants to discuss
the issue more seriously then I'd be glad to have a real discussion,
providing references, etc.


Gregg





Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53068
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: about the bible quiz answers

In article <healta.153.735242337@saturn.wwc.edu>, healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:
> 
> 
> #12) The 2 cheribums are on the Ark of the Covenant.  When God said make no 
> graven image, he was refering to idols, which were created to be worshipped. 
> The Ark of the Covenant wasn't wrodhipped and only the high priest could 
> enter the Holy of Holies where it was kept once a year, on the Day of 
> Atonement.

I am not familiar with, or knowledgeable about the original language,
but I believe there is a word for "idol" and that the translator
would have used the word "idol" instead of "graven image" had
the original said "idol."  So I think you're wrong here, but
then again I could be too.  I just suggesting a way to determine
whether the interpretation you offer is correct.


Dean Kaflowitz

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53069
From: nancyo@fraser.sfu.ca (Nancy Patricia O'Connor)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:

>Rule #4:  Don't mix apples with oranges.  How can you say that the
>extermination by the Mongols was worse than Stalin?  Khan conquered people
>unsympathetic to his cause.  That was atrocious.  But Stalin killed millions of
>his own people who loved and worshipped _him_ and his atheist state!!  How can
>anyone be worse than that?

You're right.  And David Koresh claimed to be a Christian.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53070
From: pmoloney@maths.tcd.ie (Paul Moloney)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
>to someone who was crazy.

Find an encyclopedia. Volume H. Now look up Hitler, Adolf. He had
many more people than just Germans enamoured with him.

P.
-- 
 moorcockpratchettdenislearydelasoulu2iainmbanksneworderheathersbatmanpjorourke
clive p a u l  m o l o n e y  Come, let us retract the foreskin of misconception
james trinity college dublin  and apply the wire brush of enlightenment - GeoffM
 brownbladerunnersugarcubeselectronicblaylockpowersspikeleekatebushhamcornpizza 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53071
From: pmoloney@maths.tcd.ie (Paul Moloney)
Subject: Re: THE POPE IS JEWISH!

west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:

>The pope is jewish.... I guess they're right, and I always thought that
>the thing on his head was just a fancy hat, not a Jewish headpiece (I
>don't remember the name).  It's all so clear now (clear as mud.)

As to what that headpiece is....

(by chort@crl.nmsu.edu)

SOURCE: AP NEWSWIRE

The Vatican, Home Of Genetic Misfits?

Michael  A. Gillow, noted geneticist, has revealed  some unusual  data
after working undercover in  the Vatican for the past 18 years.   "The
Popehat(tm) is actually an advanced bone spur.", reveals Gillow in his
groundshaking report. Gillow, who had  secretly  studied the innermost
workings of the Vatican since returning from Vietnam in a wheel chair,
first approached the scientific community with his  theory in the late
1950's.

"The  whole hat  thing, that was just a cover  up. The  Vatican didn't
want the Catholic Community(tm) to realize  their  leader  was hefting
nearly  8 kilograms of extraneous  bone  tissue on    the  top of  his
skull.", notes Gillow in his report. "There are whole  laboratories in
the  Vatican  that experiment with tissue  transplants and bone marrow
experiments.  What started as a genetic fluke in the mid 1400's is now
scientifically engineered and bred for. The whole bone transplant idea
started  in  the  mid   sixties  inspired  by   doctor  Timothy  Leary
transplanting deer  bone cells into small white rats." Gillow is quick
to point  out  the  assassination attempt on Pope John Paul II and the
disappearance of Dr.  Leary from the public eye.

"When it becomes time to replace the pope", says Gillow, "The old pope
and the replacement pope are  locked  in a padded  chamber. They  butt
heads much  like  male yaks  fighting for dominance of the  herd.  The
victor emerges and has  earned the privilege of inseminating the choir
boys."


P.
-- 
 moorcockpratchettdenislearydelasoulu2iainmbanksneworderheathersbatmanpjorourke
clive p a u l  m o l o n e y  Come, let us retract the foreskin of misconception
james trinity college dublin  and apply the wire brush of enlightenment - GeoffM
 brownbladerunnersugarcubeselectronicblaylockpowersspikeleekatebushhamcornpizza 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53072
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: free moral agency and Jeff Clark

In article <healta.136.734813153@saturn.wwc.edu>
healta@saturn.wwc.edu (TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>You also said,"Why did millions suffer for what Adam and Ee did?  Seems a
>pretty sick way of going about creating a universe..."
>
>I'm gonna respond by giving a small theology lesson--forgive me, I used
>to be a theology major.
>First of all, I believe that this planet is involved in a cosmic struggle--
>"the Great Controversy betweed Christ and Satan" (i borrowed a book title).
>God has to consider the interests of the entire universe when making
>decisions.
(Deletion)
 
An universe it has created. By the way, can you tell me why it is less
tyrannic to let one of one's own creatures do what it likes to others?
By your definitions, your god has created Satan with full knowledge what
would happen - including every choice of Satan.
 
Can you explain us what Free Will is, and how it goes along with omniscience?
Didn't your god know everything that would happen even before it created the
world? Why is it concerned about being a tyrant when noone would care if
everything was fine for them? That the whole idea comes from the possibility
to abuse power, something your god introduced according to your description?
 
 
By the way, are you sure that you have read the FAQ? Especially the part
about preaching?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53073
From: nancyo@shnext15.ucslabs.sfu.ca (Nancy Patricia O'Connor)
Subject: Re: THE POPE IS JEWISH!

In article <1993Apr15.180024.19308@wam.umd.edu>  
west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:

+Last night, while watching the 2a.m. rebroadcast of Jerry Springer (a
+talk show) I heard this Jewel of a thought from a 12 year old racist. 
+The focus of this show was on these kids and their hatred for the Jewish
+religion, and why.  

[some stuff deleted]

+Interesting (and scary) no?  They went on to say how the Jews had 
+killed their god, and how in the end of time that all the races would
+go to their homelands (of course, they would remain in America, which
+is New Jeruselem, as it says in Gen 2??? (what another kid said) but
+the rest of the races would go home) and then the great battle or plague
+or whatever Revel. says would happen, and the jews would be killed.
+
+The most interesting thing about this was that my roomate is Catholic, 
+and had the KJV of the Bible on his desk.  He immediatly opened it up
+and began to search for the quoted passages (Gen, Rev, and John) to 
+look for himself, and couldn't find what they said they saw.  I don't
+know

I saw this show a while back, and when I heard these kids
quote the Bible to justify their racist claims, I looked up
that quote about Jesus hating Jews (since Jesus himself was a
Jew, my curiousity had been piqued by such a claim).
The jist of the passage (and I am sorry but I can't recall
which passage it was exactly) was that Jesus was condemning
the Pharisees for being corrupt.
Of course, the Pharisees were Jewish too, but it wasn't Jews
as a whole that Jesus was condemning, just the powers that be.

--
Nancy O'Connor		 +
Psychology undergrad     +         The opinions I express
Simon Fraser University, +         are my own.
Burnaby, B.C.            +
CANADA			 +

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53075
From: chrisb@seachg.com (Chris Blask)
Subject: Re: A silly question on x-tianity

werdna@cco.caltech.edu (Andrew Tong) writes:
>mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
>
>>Question 2: This attitude god character seems awfully egotistical
>>and proud.  But Christianity tells people to be humble.  What's the deal?
>
>Well, God pretty much has a right to be "egotistical and proud."  I
>mean, he created _you_, doesn't he have the right to be proud of such
>a job?
>
>Of course, people don't have much of a right to be proud.  What have
>they accomplished that can match God's accomplishments, anyways?  How
>do their abilities compare with those of God's.  We're an "imbecile
>worm of the earth," to quote Pascal.

Grumblegrumble...   

>If you were God, and you created a universe, wouldn't you be just a
>little irked if some self-organizing cell globules on a tiny planet
>started thinking they were as great and awesome as you?

unfortunately the logic falls apart quick: all-perfect > insulted or
threatened by the actions of a lesser creature > actually by offspring >
???????????????????

How/why shuold any all-powerful all-perfect feel either proud or offended?
Anything capable of being aware of the relationship of every aspect of every 
particle in the universe during every moment of time simultaneously should
be able to understand the cause of every action of every 'cell globule' on
each tniy planet...

>Well, actually, now that I think of it, it seems kinda odd that God
>would care at all about the Earth.  OK, so it was a bad example. But
>the amazing fact is that He does care, apparently, and that he was
>willing to make some grand sacrifices to ensure our happiness.

"All-powerful, Owner Of Everything in the Universe Makes Great Sacrifices"
makes a great headline but it doesn't make any sense.  What did he
sacrifice?  Where did it go that he couldn't get it back?  If he gave
something up, who'd he give it up to?

-chris

[you guys have fun, I'm agoin' to Key West!!]

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53078
From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: I don't beleive in you either.

In article <1993Apr13.213055.818@antioc.antioch.edu>, smauldin@antioc.antioch.edu writes:
|> I stopped believing in you as well, long before the invention of technology.
|> 
|> --GOD
|> 

Ahhh go back to alt.autotheism where you belong!

Brian /-|-\

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53081
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

In article <1qid04$fct@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
>
>I don't see anything special about theism in general that makes it a 
>particular hazard (more so than say, stupidity, anarchy, or patriotism).   
>Of course, it depends on the religion, but I see nothing about believing 
>in gods that in and of itself entails or even promotes xenophobia, genocide, 
>etc.  

  If the emphasis is on the "in general", then of course you're
  correct, since you haven't really said anything.  If we restrict
  our observations to practiced religions, there are lots of
  examples of god mandated genocide.  Just ask the Canaanites.  The
  point is that if you believe in a god, and if you believe he has
  ordered you to eliminate an entire race, you will likely make the
  attempt.  After all, if it was OK in the past, it could surely be
  OK in the present.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53082
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: free moral agency and Jeff Clark

In article <sandvik-140493185248@sandvik-kent.apple.com> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:
>
>This is the reason I like the controversy of post-modernism, the
>issues of polarities -- evil and good -- are just artificial 
>constructs, and they fall apart during a closer inspection.
>
>The more I look into the notion of a constant struggle between
>the evil and good forces, the more it sounds like a metaphor
>that people just assume without closer inspection.
>

  More info please.  I'm not well exposed to these ideas.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53083
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1993Apr15.150938.975@news.wesleyan.edu> SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (SCOTT D. SAUYET) writes:
>In <1qabe7INNaff@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu writes:
>
>>> Chimpanzees fight wars over land.
>> 
>> But chimps are almost human...
>> 
>> keith
>
>Could it be?  This is the last message from Mr. Schneider, and it's
>more than three days old!
>
>Are these his final words?  (And how many here would find that
>appropriate?)  Or is it just that finals got in the way?
>

  No. The christians were leary of having an atheist spokesman
  (seems so clandestine, and all that), so they had him removed.  Of
  course, Keith is busy explaining to his fellow captives how he
  isn't really being persecuted, since (after all) they *are*
  feeding him, and any resistance on his part would only be viewed
  as trouble making.  

  I understand he did make a bit of a fuss when they tatooed "In God
  We Trust" on his forehead, though.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53085
From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: New Member

In article <C5HIEw.7s1@portal.hq.videocart.com>, dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
|>   Hello. I just started reading this group today, and I think I am going
|> to be a large participant in its daily postings. I liked the section of
|> the FAQ about constructing logical arguments - well done. I am an atheist,
|> but I do not try to turn other people into atheists. I only try to figure
|> why people believe the way they do - I don't much care if they have a 
|> different view than I do. When it comes down to it . . . I could be wrong.
|> I am willing to admit the possibility - something religious followers 
|> dont seem to have the capability to do.

Welcome aboard!

|> 
|>   I notice alot of posts from Bobby. Why does anybody ever respond to 
|> his posts ? He always falls back on the same argument:

(I think you just answered your own question, there)

|> 
|> "If the religion is followed it will cause no bad"
|> 
|>   He is right. Just because an event was explained by a human to have been
|> done "in the name of religion", does not mean that it actually followed
|> the religion. He will always point to the "ideal" and say that it wasn't
|> followed so it can't be the reason for the event. There really is no way
|> to argue with him, so why bother. Sure, you may get upset because his 
|> answer is blind and not supported factually - but he will win every time
|> with his little argument. I don't think there will be any postings from
|> me in direct response to one of his.

Most responses were against his postings that spouted the fact that
all atheists are fools/evil for not seeing how peachy Islam is.
I would leave the pro/con arguments of Islam to Fred Rice, who is more
level headed and seems to know more on the subject, anyway.

|> 
|>   Happy to be aboard !

How did you know I was going to welcome you abord?!?

|> 
|> Dave Fuller
|> dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com
|> 
|> 

Brian /-|-\

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53086
From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <house.734841689@helios>, house@helios.usq.EDU.AU (ron house) writes:
|> marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall) writes:
|> 
|> >healta@saturn.wwc.edu (TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
|> 
|> >>     you might think "oh yeah. then why didn't god destroy it in the bud 
|> >>before it got to the point it is now--with millions through the 
|> >>ages suffering along in life?"
|> >>      the only answer i know is that satan made the claim that his way was 
|> >>better than God's.  God is allowing satan the chance to prove that his way 
|> >>is better than God's.  we all know what that has brought.     
|> 
|> >Come on!  God is allowing the wishes of one individual to supercede the
|> >well-being of billions?  I seriously doubt it.  Having read the Bible
|> >twice, I never got the impression that God and Satan were working in some
|> >sort of cooperative arrangement.
|> 
|> Read the book of Job.
|> 

Oh, that was just a bet.


Brian /-|-\  

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53087
From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

I'm sold!  Where do I sign up?


Brian /-|-\  The next book: "Charles Manson: Lord, Lunatic, or Liar"

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53090
From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
>die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 
>gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
>someone who was or had been healed.  Call me a fool, but I believe he did 
>heal people.  

Anyone who dies for a "cause" runs the risk of dying for a lie.  As for
people being able to tell if he was a liar, well, we've had grifters and
charlatans since the beginning of civilization.  If David Copperfield had
been the Messiah, I bet he could have found plenty of believers.  
Jesus was hardly the first to claim to be a faith healer, and he wasn't the
first to be "witnessed."  What sets him apart?

>	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
>to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
>anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
>this right away.

Rubbish.  Nations have followed crazies, liars, psychopaths, and 
megalomaniacs throughout history.  Hitler, Tojo, Mussolini, Khomeini,
Qadaffi, Stalin, Papa Doc, and Nixon come to mind...all from this century.
Koresh is a non-issue.


>	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
>real thing.  

Take a discrete mathematics or formal logic course.  There are flaws in your
logic everywhere.  And as I'm sure others will tell you, read the FAQ!


>	Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
>the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.  This in his betrayal 
>and Crucifixion.  I don't have my Bible with me at this moment, next time I 
>write I will use it.

Of course, you have to believe the Bible first.  Just because something is
written in the Bible does not mean it is true, and the age of that tome plus
the lack of external supporting evidence makes it less credible.  So if you
do quote from the Bible in the future, try to back up that quote with 
supporting evidence.  Otherwise, you will get flamed mercilessly.


>	I don't think most people understand what a Christian is.  It 
>is certainly not what I see a lot in churches.  Rather I think it 
>should be a way of life, and a total sacrafice of everything for God's 
>sake.  He loved us enough to die and save us so we should do the 
>same.  Hey we can't do it, God himself inspires us to turn our lives 
>over to him.  That's tuff and most people don't want to do it, to be a 
>real Christian would be something for the strong to persevere at.  But 
>just like weight lifting or guitar playing, drums, whatever it takes 
>time.  We don't rush it in one day, Christianity is your whole life.  
>It is not going to church once a week, or helping poor people once in 
>a while.  We box everything into time units.  Such as work at this 
>time, sports, Tv, social life.  God is above these boxes and should be 
>carried with us into all these boxes that we have created for 
>ourselves.  	  

Just like weight lifting or guitar playing, eh?  I don't know how you 
define the world "total," but I would imagine a "total sacrafice [sp]
of everything for God's sake" would involve more than a time commitment.

You are correct about our tendency to "box everything into time units."
Would you explain HOW one should involove God in sports and (hehehe)
television?
-- 
---                      __  _______                              ---
||| Kevin Marshall       \ \/ /_  _/  Computer Science Department |||
||| Virginia Tech         \  / / /     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu |||
--- Blacksburg, Virginia   \/ /_/                  (703) 232-6529 ---

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53093
From: a137490@lehtori.cc.tut.fi (Aario Sami)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In <kmr4.1466.734160929@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
     
>     "Wait. You just said that humans are rarely reasonable. Doesn't that
>      contradict atheism, where everything is explained through logic and
>      reason? This is THE contradiction in atheism that proves it false."
>           --- Bobby Mozumder proving the existence of Allah, #2

Does anybody have Bobby's post in which he said something like "I don't
know why there are more men than women in islamic countries. Maybe it's
atheists killing the female children"? It's my personal favorite!

-- 
Sami Aario         |  "Can you see or measure an atom? Yet you can explode
a137490@cc.tut.fi  |   one. Sunlight is comprised of many atoms."
-------------------'  "Your stupid minds! Stupid, stupid!"
Eros in "Plan 9 From Outer Space"     DISCLAIMER: I don't agree with Eros.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53094
From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

1.  Did you read the FAQs?

2.  If NO, Read the FAQs.

3.  IF YES, you wouldn't have posted such drivel.  The "Lord, Liar
    or Lunatic" argument is a false trilemma.  Even if you disprove
    Liar and Lunatic (which you haven't), you have not eliminated
    the other possibilities, such as Mistaken, Misdirected, or
    Misunderstood.  You have arbitrarily set up three and only
    three possibilities without considering others.

4.  Read a good book on rhetoric and critical thinking.  If
    you think the "Lord, Liar, or Lunatic" discussion is an
    example of a good argument, you are in need of learning.

5.  Read the FAQs again, especially "Constructing a Logical
    Argument."

Ignore these instructions at your peril.  Disobeying them
leaves you open for righteous flaming.


-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53095
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Slavery (was Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: ...)

> Oh, this all sounds so nice!  Everyone helping each other and always smiling
> and fluffy bunnies everywhere.  Wake up!  People are just not like that.  It
> seems evident from history that no society has succeeded when it had to rely
> upon the goodwill and unselfishness of the people.  Isn't it obvious from
> places like Iran that even if there are only a few greedy people in society
> then they are going to be attracted to positions of power?  Sounds like a
> recipe for disaster.

Looking at historical evidence such 'perfect utopian' islamic states
didn't survive. I agree, people are people, and even if you might
start an Islamic revolution and create this perfect state, it takes 
some time and the internal corruption will destroy the ground rules --
again.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53096
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Slavery (was Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: ...)

In article <1993Apr14.132813.16343@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>,
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) wrote:
> Anyhow, on the basis of the apparent success of Islamic banks, it seems
> to me that the statement that a zero-interest economy cannot survive in
> today's world may be a bit premature.

I'm sure zero-intested economical systems survive on a small-scale,
co-ops is not an Islamic invention, and we have co-operatives working
all around the world. However such systems don't stand the corruption
of a large scale operation. Actually, nothing could handle human
greed, IMHO. Not even Allah :-).

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53097
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: New Member

In article <C5HIEw.7s1@portal.hq.videocart.com>,
dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) wrote:
>   He is right. Just because an event was explained by a human to have been
> done "in the name of religion", does not mean that it actually followed
> the religion. He will always point to the "ideal" and say that it wasn't
> followed so it can't be the reason for the event. There really is no way
> to argue with him, so why bother. Sure, you may get upset because his 
> answer is blind and not supported factually - but he will win every time
> with his little argument. I don't think there will be any postings from
> me in direct response to one of his.

Hey! Glad to have some serious and constructive contributors in this
newsgroup. I agree 100% on the statement above, you might argue with
Bobby for eons, and he still does not get it, so the best thing is
to spare your mental resources to discuss more interesting issues.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53098
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1qjfnv$ogt@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank
O'Dwyer) wrote:
> (1) Does the term "hero-worship" mean anything to you?  

Yes, worshipping Jesus as the super-saver is indeed hero-worshipping
of the grand scale. Worshipping Lenin that will make life pleasant
for the working people is, eh, somehow similar, or what.
 
> (2) I understand that gods are defined to be supernatural, not merely
>     superhuman.
The notion of Lenin was on the borderline of supernatural insights
into how to change the world, he wasn't a communist God, but he was
the man who gave presents to kids during Christmas.
 
> #Actually, I agree. Things are always relative, and you can't have 
> #a direct mapping between a movement and a cause. However, the notion
> #that communist Russia was somewhat the typical atheist country is 
> #only something that Robertson, Tilton et rest would believe in.
> 
> Those atheists were not True Unbelievers, huh?   :-)

Don't know what they were, but they were fanatics indeed.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53099
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <bissda.4.734849678@saturn.wwc.edu>, bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN
LAWRENCE BISSELL) wrote:
> 
> 	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
> makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
> lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
> writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
> in the process he became a Christian himself.

Seems he didn't understand anything about realities, liar, lunatic
or the real thing is a very narrow view of the possibilities of Jesus
message.

Sigh, it seems religion makes your mind/brain filter out anything
that does not fit into your personal scheme. 

So anyone that thinks the possibilities with Jesus is bound to the
classical Lewis notion of 'liar, lunatic or saint' is indeed bound
to become a Christian.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53106
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1qjf31$o7t@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> In article <1qimbe$sp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> #In article <1qif1g$fp3@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> #|> In article <1qialf$p2m@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> #|> 
|> #|> I forget the origin of the quote, but "I gotta use words when I talk to
|> #|> you".  An atheist is one who lacks belief in gods, yes?  If so, then
|> #|> it's entirely plausible that an atheist could dig Lenin or Lennon to
|> #|> such an extent that it might be considered "worship", and still be
|> #|> an atheist.  Anything else seems to be Newspeak.
|> #
|> #Ask yourself the following question.   Would you regard an ardent
|> #Nazi as a republican, simply because Germany no longer had a Kaiser?
|> 
|> No, because that's based on false dichotomy.   There are more options
|> than you present me.  

And that, of course, is the point.   You can't simply divide the
world into atheists and non-atheists on the basis of god-belief.

If all you care about is belief in a supernatural deity, and
have nothing to say about behaviour, then belief in a supernatural
being is your criterion.

But once you start talking about behaviour, then someone's suscept-
ibility to be led by bad people into doing bad things is what you 
are - I assume - worried about.

And in that area, what you care about is whether someone is sceptical,
critical and autonomous on the one hand, or gullible, excitable and
easily led on the other.

I would say that a tendency to worship tyrants and ideologies indicates
that a person is easily led.   Whether they have a worship or belief 
in a supernatural hero rather than an earthly one seems to me to be
beside the point.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53108
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <EDM.93Apr15104322@gocart.twisto.compaq.com>, edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary) writes:
> >>>>> On Thu, 15 Apr 1993 04:54:38 GMT, bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) said:
> 
> DLB> 	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
> DLB> makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
> DLB>lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
> DLB>writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
> DLB> in the process he became a Christian himself.
> 
> Here we go again...

Just the friendly folks at Christian Central, come to save you.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53110
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

In article <1qjipo$pen@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> In article <1qinmd$sp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> #|> 
|> #|> At any rate, even if your interpretation is correct this does 
|> #|> not imply that the killings are religously motivated, which was 
|> #|> the original poster's seeming claim.
|> #
|> #Tricky, tricky.   I'm replying to your blanket claim that they
|> #are *not* religiously motivated.
|> 
|> They aren't.  Irish catholics in the south do not kill Irish protestants
|> in the south, yet have precisely the same history behind them.  Those
|> who think the killings are religously motivated ignore the rather
|> obvious matter of British occupation, partition and misguided patriotism
|> on both sides. 

False dichotomy.  You claimed the killing were *not* religiously
motivated, and I'm saying that's wrong.   I'm not saying that
each and every killing is religiously motivate, as I spelled out
in detail.


|> 
|> The problems fault along the religious divide because at the historical
|> roots of this thing we have a catholic country partitioned and populated
|> by a protestant one.   The grotesque killing of soldiers and 
|> civilians is supposedly motivated by patriotism, civil rights issues, and 
|> revenge.  It's only difficult to understand insofaras insanity is hard 
|> to understand - religion need not be invoked to explain it.  

Does anyone else see the contradiction in this paragraph?


|> #But to claim that "The killings in N.I are not religously 
|> #motivated." is grotesque.   All that means is that the Church
|> #and believers are doing what they always do with history
|> #they can't face: they rewrite it.
|> 
|> You're attacking a different claim.  My claim is that when an IRA
|> terrorist plants a bomb in Warrington s/he does not have as a motive 
|> the greater glory of God. 

Sorry, Frank, but what I put in quotes is your own words from your
posting <1qi83b$ec4@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>.  Don't tell us now that 
it's a different claim.   If you can no longer stand behind your 
original claim, just say so.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53111
From: sieferme@stein.u.washington.edu (Eric Sieferman)
Subject: Re: I don't beleive in you either.

In article <1993Apr13.213055.818@antioc.antioch.edu> smauldin@antioc.antioch.edu writes:
>I stopped believing in you as well, long before the invention of technology.
>
>--GOD
>

Don't listen to this guy, he's just a crank.  At first, this business
about being the "one true god" was tolerated by the rest of us,
but now it has gotten completely out of hand.

Besides, it really isn't so bad when people stop believing in you.
It's much more relaxing when mortals aren't always begging you for favors.

-- ZEUS


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53112
From: a137490@lehtori.cc.tut.fi (Aario Sami)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In <1993Apr9.154316.19778@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

>In article <kmr4.1483.734243128@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
 
>>	If I state that I know that there is a green marble in a closed box, 
>>which I have _never_ seen, nor have any evidence for its existance; I would
>>be guilty of deceit, even if there is, in fact, a green marble inside.
>>
>>	The question of whether or not there is a green marble inside, is 
>>irrelevent.

>You go ahead and play with your marbles.

I love it, I love it, I love it!! Wish I could fit all that into a .sig
file! (If someone is keeping a list of Bobby quotes, be sure to include
this one!)

>>
>>	Stating an unproven opinion as a fact, is deceit. And, knowingly 
>>being decietful is a falsehood and a lie.

>So why do you think its an unproven opinion?  If I said something as
>fact but you think its opinion because you do not accept it, then who's
>right?

The Flat-Earthers state that "the Earth is flat" is a fact. I don't accept
this, I think it's an unproven opinion, and I think the Round-Earthers are
right because they have better evidence than the Flat-Earthers do.

Although I can't prove that a god doesn't exist, the arguments used to
support a god's existence are weak and often self-contradictory, and I'm not
going to believe in a god unless someone comes over to me and gives me a
reason to believe in a god that I absolutely can't ignore.

A while ago, I read an interesting book by a fellow called Von Daenicken,
in which he proved some of the wildest things, and on the last page, he
wrote something like "Can you prove it isn't so?" I certainly can't, but
I'm not going to believe him, because he based his "proof" on some really
questionable stuff, such as old myths (he called it "circumstancial
evidence" :] ).

So far, atheism hasn't made me kill anyone, and I'm regarded as quite an
agreeable fellow, really. :)
-- 
Sami Aario         |  "Can you see or measure an atom? Yet you can explode
a137490@cc.tut.fi  |   one. Sunlight is comprised of many atoms."
-------------------'  "Your stupid minds! Stupid, stupid!"
Eros in "Plan 9 From Outer Space"     DISCLAIMER: I don't agree with Eros.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53113
From: David.Rice@ofa123.fidonet.org
Subject: islamic authority [sic] over women

 
who: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
what: <kmr4.1426.733987668@po.cwru.edu>
with: rush@leland.Stanford.EDU 
what: <1993Apr5.050524.9361@leland.Stanford.EDU>
 
>>> Other readers: I just joined, but is this guy for real?
>>> I'm simply amazed.
 
KR> "Sadly yes. Don't loose any sleep over Old 'Zlumber. Just
KR> have some fun with him, but he is basically harmless. 
KR> At least, if you don't work in NY city."
 
I don't find it hard to believe that "Ole 'Zlumber" really believes
the hate and ignorant prattle he writes. The frightening thought is,
there are people even worse than he! To say that feminism equals
"superiority" over men is laughable as long as he doesn't then proceed
to pick up a rifle and start to shoot women as a preemptive strike---
aka the Canada slaughter that occured a few years ago. But then, men
killing women is nothing new. Islamic Fundamentalists just have a
"better" excuse (Qu'ran).
 
    from the Vancouver Sun, Thursday, October 4, 1990
    by John Davidson, Canadian Press
 
    MONTREAL-- Perhaps it's the letter to the five-year old
    daughter that shocks the most.
 
    "I hope one day you will be old enough to understand what
    happened to your parents," wrote Patrick Prevost. "I loved
    your mother with a passion that went as far as hatred."
 
    Police found the piece of paper near Prevost's body in his
    apartment in northeast Montreal.
 
    They say the 39-year-old mechanic committed suicide after
    killing his wife, Jocelyne Parent, 31.
 
    The couple had been separated for a month and the woman had
    gone to his apartment to talk about getting some more money
    for food. A violent quarrel broke out and Prevost attacked
    his wife with a kitchen knife, cutting her throat, police said.
 
    She was only the latest of 13 women slain by a husband or
    lover in Quebec in the last five weeks.
 
    Five children have also been slain as a result of the same
    domestic "battles."
 
    Last year in Quebec alone, 29 [women] were slain by their
    husbands. That was more than one-third of such cases across
    Canada, according to statistics from the Canadian Centre for
    Justice. [rest of article ommited]
 
Then to say that women are somehow "better" or "should" be the
one to "stay home" and raise a child is also laughable. Women
have traditionally done hard labor to support a family, often 
more than men in many cultures, throughout history. Seems to me
it takes at least two adults to raise a child, and that BOTH should
stay home to do so!

--- Maximus 2.01wb

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53114
Subject: Re: Feminism and Islam, again
From: kmagnacca@eagle.wesleyan.edu

In article <1993Apr14.030334.8650@ultb.isc.rit.edu>, snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
> In article <1993Apr11.145519.1@eagle.wesleyan.edu> kmagnacca@eagle.wesleyan.edu writes:
>>
>>There's a way around that via the hadith, which state that silence is
>>taken to mean "yes" and that women may not speak before a judge, who
>>must conduct the marriage.
> 
> Actaully, that's a false hadith, because it contradicts verses in the
> Quran, that says women may testify- speak before a judge.
> 
> Hadiths are declared false when they contradict the Quran.  Hadiths
> weren't written during the revelation or during the life of the prophet,
> and so may contain errors.

So the only way you can tell a false hadith from a true one is
if it contradicts the Quran?  What if it relates to something
that isn't explicitly spelled out in the Quran?

Also, the Quran wasn't written down during the life of Muhammed
either.  It wasn't long after, but 20 years or so is still long
enough to shift a few verses around.

Karl
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| "Lastly, I come to China in the hope      | "All you touch and all you see  |
| of fulfilling a lifelong ambition -       | Is all your life will ever be." |
| dropping acid on the Great Wall."  --Duke |                 --Pink Floyd    |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|         A Lie is still a Lie even if 3.8 billion people believe it.         |
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53117
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1993Apr15.125245.12872@abo.fi> MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka) writes:
|In <1qie61$fkt@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp writes:
|> In article <30114@ursa.bear.com> halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
|
|> #I'm one of those people who does not know what the word objective means 
|> #when put next to the word morality.  I assume its an idiom and cannot
|> #be defined by its separate terms.
|> #
|> #Give it a try.
|> 
|> Objective morality is morality built from objective values.
|
|      "And these objective values are ... ?"
|Please be specific, and more importantly, motivate.

I'll take a wild guess and say Freedom is objectively valuable.  I base
this on the assumption that if everyone in the world were deprived utterly
of their freedom (so that their every act was contrary to their volition),
almost all would want to complain.  Therefore I take it that to assert or
believe that "Freedom is not very valuable", when almost everyone can see
that it is, is every bit as absurd as to assert "it is not raining" on
a rainy day.  I take this to be a candidate for an objective value, and it
it is a necessary condition for objective morality that objective values
such as this exist.

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53118
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <1993Apr14.121134.12187@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:

>>In article <C5C7Cn.5GB@ra.nrl.navy.mil> khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil (Umar Khan) writes:

>I just borrowed a book from the library on Khomeini's fatwa etc.

>I found this useful passage regarding the legitimacy of the "fatwa":

>"It was also common knowledge as prescribed by Islamic law, that the
>sentence was only applicable where the jurisdiction of Islamic law
>applies.  Moreover, the sentence has to be passed by an Islamic court
>and executed by the state machinery through the due process of the law.
>Even in Islamic countries, let alone in non-Muslim lands, individuals
>cannot take the law into their own hands.  The sentence when passed,
>must be carried out by the state through the usual machinery and not by
>individuals.  Indeed it becomes a criminal act to take the law into
>one's own hands and punish the offender unless it is in the process of
>self-defence.  Moreover, the offender must be brought to the notice of
>the court and it is the court who shoud decide how to deal with him.
>This law applies equally to Muslim as well as non-Muslim territories.


I agree fully with the above statement and is *precisely* what I meant
by my previous statements about Islam not being anarchist and the
law not being _enforcible_ despite the _law_ being applicable. 


>Hence, on such clarification from the ulama [Islamic scholars], Muslims
>in Britain before and after Imam Khomeini's fatwa made it very clear
>that since Islamic law is not applicable to Britain, the hadd
>[compulsory] punishment cannot be applied here."


I disagree with this conclusion about the _applicability_ of the 
Islamic law to all muslims, wherever they may be. The above conclusion 
does not strictly follow from the foregoing, but only the conclusion 
that the fatwa cannot be *enforced* according to Islamic law. However, 
I do agree that the punishment cannot be applied to Rushdie even *were*
it well founded.

>Wow... from the above, it looks like that from an Islamic viewpoint
>Khomeini's "fatwa" constitutes a "criminal act" .... perhaps I could
>even go out on a limb and call Khomeini a "criminal" on this basis....


Certainly putting a price on the head of Rushdie in Britain is a criminal 
act according to Islamic law. 


>Anyhow, I think it is understood by _knowledgeable_ Muslims that
>Khomeini's "fatwa" is Islamically illegitimate, at least on the basis
>expounded above.  Others, such as myself and others who have posted here
>(particularly Umar Khan and Gregg Jaeger, I think) go further and say
>that even the punishment constituted in the fatwa is against Islamic law
>according to our understanding.

Yes.





Gregg

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53120
From:  (Rashid)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr14.131032.15644@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>,
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) wrote:
> 
> It is my understanding that it is generally agreed upon by the ulema
> [Islamic scholars] that Islamic law applies only in an Islamic country,
> of which the UK is not.  Furthermore, to take the law into one's own
> hands is a criminal act, as these are matters for the state, not for
> individuals.  Nevertheless, Khomeini offered a cash prize for people to
> take the law into their own hands -- something which, to my
> understanding, is against Islamic law.

Yes, this is also my understanding of the majority of Islamic laws.
However, I believe there are also certain legal rulings which, in all
five schools of law (4 sunni and 1 jaffari), can be levelled against
muslim or non-muslims, both within and outside dar-al-islam. I do
not know if apostasy (when accompanied by active, persistent, and
open hostility to Islam) falls into this category of the law. I do know
that
historically, apostasy has very rarely been punished at all, let alone
by the death penalty.

My understanding is that Khomeini's ruling was not based on the
law of apostasy (alone). It was well known that Rushdie was an apostate
long before he wrote the offending novel and certainly there is no
precedent in the Qur'an, hadith, or in Islamic history for indiscriminantly
levelling death penalties for apostasy.

I believe the charge levelled against Rushdie was that of "fasad". This
ruling applies both within and outside the domain of an
Islamic state and it can be carried out by individuals. The reward was
not offered by Khomeini but by individuals within Iran.


> Stuff deleted
> Also, I think you are muddying the issue as you seem to assume that
> Khomeini's fatwa was issued due to the _distribution_ of the book.  My
> understanding is that Khomeini's fatwa was issued in response to the
> _writing_ and _publishing_ of the book.  If my view is correct, then
> your viewpoint that Rushdie was sentenced for a "crime in progress" is
> incorrect.
> 
I would concur that the thrust of the fatwa (from what I remember) was
levelled at the author and all those who assisted in the publication
of the book. However, the charge of "fasad" can encompass a
number of lesser charges. I remember that when diplomatic relations
broke off between Britain and Iran over the fatwa - Iran stressed that
the condemnation of the author, and the removal of the book from
circulation were two preliminary conditions for resolving the
"crisis". But you are correct to point out that banning the book was not
the main thrust behind the fatwa. Islamic charges such as fasad are
levelled at people, not books.

The Rushdie situation was followed in Iran for several months before the
issuance of the fatwa. Rushdie went on a media blitz,
presenting himself as a lone knight guarding the sacred values of
secular democracy and mocking the foolish concerns of people
crazy enough to actually hold their religious beliefs as sacred. 
Fanning the flames and milking the controversy to boost
his image and push the book, he was everywhere in the media. Then
Muslim demonstrators in several countries were killed while
protesting against the book. Rushdie appeared momentarily
concerned, then climbed back on his media horse to once again
attack the Muslims and defend his sacred rights. It was at this
point that the fatwa on "fasad" was issued.

The fatwa was levelled at the person of Rushdie - any actions of
Rushdie that feed the situation contribute to the legitimization of
the ruling. The book remains in circulation not by some independant
will of its own but by the will of the author and the publishers. The fatwa
against the person of Rushdie encompasses his actions as well. The
crime was certainly a crime in progress (at many levels) and was being
played out (and played up) in the the full view of the media.

P.S. I'm not sure about this but I think the charge of "shatim" also
applies to Rushdie and may be encompassed under the umbrella
of the "fasad" ruling.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53121
From:  (Rashid)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

> What about the Twelve Imams, who he considered incapable of error
> or sin? Khomeini supports this view of the Twelve Imans. This is
> heresy for the very reasons I gave above. 

I would be happy to discuss the  issue of the 12 Imams with you, although
my preference would be to move the discussion to another
newsgroup.  I feel a philosophy
or religion group would be more appropriate. The topic is deeply
embedded in the world view of Islam and the
esoteric teachings of the Prophet (S.A.). Heresy does not enter
into it at all except for those who see Islam only as an exoteric
religion that is only nominally (if at all) concerned with the metaphysical
substance of man's being and nature.

A good introductory book (in fact one of the best introductory
books to Islam in general) is Murtaza Mutahhari's "Fundamental's
of Islamic Thought - God, Man, and the Universe" - Mizan Press,
translated by R. Campbell. Truly a beautiful book. A follow-up book
(if you can find a decent translation) is "Wilaya - The Station
of the Master" by the same author. I think it also goes under the
title of "Master and Mastership" - It's a very small book - really
just a transcription of a lecture by the author.
The introduction to the beautiful "Psalms of Islam" - translated
by William C. Chittick (available through Muhammadi Trust of
Great Britain) is also an excellent introduction to the subject. We
have these books in our University library - I imagine any well
stocked University library will have them.

From your posts, you seem fairly well versed in Sunni thought. You
should seek to know Shi'ite thought through knowledgeable 
Shi'ite authors as well - at least that much respect is due before the
charge of heresy is levelled.

As salaam a-laikum

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53122
From: davec@silicon.csci.csusb.edu (Dave Choweller)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1qif1g$fp3@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
>In article <1qialf$p2m@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>|In article <1qi921$egl@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
[stuff deleted...]
>||> To the newsgroup at large, how about this for a deal: recognise that what 
>||> happened in former Communist Russia has as much bearing on the validity 
>||> of atheism as has the doings of sundry theists on the validity of their 
>||> theism.  That's zip, nada, none.  The fallacy is known as ad hominem, and 
>||> it's an old one. It should be in the Holy FAQ, in the Book of Constructing
>||> a Logical Argument :-)
>|
>|Apart from not making a lot of sense, this is wrong.   There
>|is no "atheist creed" that taught any communist what to do "in
>|the name of atheism".   There clearly are theistic creeds and
>|instructions on how to act for theists.    They all madly
>|conflict with one another, but that's another issue.
>
>Lack of instructions on how to act might also be evil.

That's like saying that, since mathematics includes no instructions on
how to act, it is evil.  Atheism is not a moral system, so why should
it speak of instructions on how to act?  *Atheism is simply lack of
belief in God*.

  Plenty of theists
>think so.   So one could argue the case for "atheism causes whatever
>I didn't like about the former USSR" with as much validity as "theism
>causes genocide" - that is to say, no validity at all.

I think the argument that a particular theist system causes genocide
can be made more convincingly than an argument that atheism causes genocide.
This is because theist systems contain instructions on how to act,
and one or more of these can be shown to cause genocide.  However, since
the atheist set of instructions is the null set, how can you show that
atheism causes genocide?
--
David Choweller (davec@silicon.csci.csusb.edu)

There are scores of thousands of human insects who are
ready at a moment's notice to reveal the Will of God on
every possible subject.          --George Bernard Shaw.
-- 
There are scores of thousands of human insects who are
ready at a moment's notice to reveal the Will of God on
every possible subject.          --George Bernard Shaw.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53123
Subject: Re: The nonexistance of Atheists?!
From: kmagnacca@eagle.wesleyan.edu

In article <bskendigC5JCwx.Jzn@netcom.com>, bskendig@netcom.com (Brian Kendig) writes:
>
> [s.c.a quotes deleted]
> 
> It really looks like these people have no idea at all of what it means
> to be atheist.  There are more Bobby Mozumder clones in the world than
> I thought...

Well, that explains some things; I posted on soc.religion.islam
with an attached quote by Bobby to the effect that all atheists
are lying evil scum, and asked if it was a commonly-held idea
among muslims.  I got no response.  Asking about the unknown,
I guess...

Karl
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| "Lastly, I come to China in the hope      | "All you touch and all you see  |
| of fulfilling a lifelong ambition -       | Is all your life will ever be." |
| dropping acid on the Great Wall."  --Duke |                 --Pink Floyd    |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|         A Lie is still a Lie even if 3.8 billion people believe it.         |
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53124
From: sieferme@stein.u.washington.edu (Eric Sieferman)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <bissda.4.734849678@saturn.wwc.edu> bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

It appears that Walla Walla College will fill the same role in alt.atheist
that Allegheny College fills in alt.fan.dan-quayle.

>	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
>makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
>lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
>writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
>in the process he became a Christian himself.

Converts to xtianity have this tendency to excessively darken their
pre-xtian past, frequently falsely.  Anyone who embarks on an
effort to "destroy" xtianity is suffering from deep megalomania, a
defect which is not cured by religious conversion.

>	The arguements he uses I am summing up.  The book is about whether 
>Jesus was God or not.  I know many of you don't believe, but listen to a 
>different perspective for we all have something to gain by listening to what 
>others have to say.  

Different perspective?  DIFFERENT PERSPECTIVE??  BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!

>	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.

(sigh!)  Perhaps Big J was just mistaken about some of his claims.
Perhaps he was normally insightful, but had a few off days.  Perhaps
many (most?) of the statements attributed to Jesus were not made by
him, but were put into his mouth by later authors.  Other possibilities
abound.  Surely, someone seriously examining this question could
come up with a decent list of possible alternatives, unless the task
is not serious examination of the question (much less "destroying"
xtianity) but rather religious salesmanship.

>	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
>die for a lie?

How many Germans died for Nazism?  How many Russians died in the name
of the proletarian dictatorship?  How many Americans died to make the
world safe for "democracy".  What a silly question!

>Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 
>gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
>someone who was or had been healed.  Call me a fool, but I believe he did 
>heal people.  

Is everyone who performs a healing = God?

>	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
>to someone who was crazy.

It's probably hard to "draw" an entire nation to you unless you 
are crazy.

>Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
>anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
>this right away.
>	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
>real thing.  

Anyone who is convinced by this laughable logic deserves
to be a xtian.

>	Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
>the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.  This in his betrayal 
>and Crucifixion.  I don't have my Bible with me at this moment, next time I 
>write I will use it.

Don't bother.  Many of the "prophecies" were "fulfilled" only in the
eyes of xtian apologists, who distort the meaning of Isaiah and
other OT books.




Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53125
From: a137490@lehtori.cc.tut.fi (Aario Sami)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

[deletions...]

In <1993Apr13.184227.1191@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

>I really don't think you can imagine what it is like to be infinite.

First of all, infinity is a mathematical concept created by humans
to explain certain things in a certain way. We don't know if it actually
applies to reality, we don't know if anything in the world is infinite.

>It wouldn't be able to
>comprehend what reality is like for the programmer, because that would
>require an infinite memory or whatever because reality is continuous and
>based on infinietely small units- no units.

You don't know if the universe is actually continuous. Continuum is another
mathematical concept (based on infinity) used to explain things in a certain
way.

>Because humans do not know what infinite is.  We call it something
>beyond numbers.  We call it endless, but we do not know what it is.

I have a pretty good idea of what infinity is. It's a man-made concept, and
like many man-made concepts, it has evolved through time. Ancient Greeks had
a different understanding of it.

>So, we can call Allah infinitely powerful, knowledgeable, etc.., yet we
>cannot imagine what Allah actually is, because we just cannot imagine
>what it is like to be infinite.

Precicely. We don't even know if infinity applies to reality.

-- 
Sami Aario         |  "Can you see or measure an atom? Yet you can explode
a137490@cc.tut.fi  |   one. Sunlight is comprised of many atoms."
-------------------'  "Your stupid minds! Stupid, stupid!"
Eros in "Plan 9 From Outer Space"     DISCLAIMER: I don't agree with Eros.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53126
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <115468@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> In article <1qg79g$kl5@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >You are amazed that I find it difficult to grasp it when
|> >people justify death-threats against Rushdie with the 
|> >claim "he was born Muslim?"
|> 
|> This is empty rhetoric. I am amazed at your inability to understand what
|> I am saying not that you find it difficult to "grasp it when people
|> justify death-threats...". I find it amazing that your ability to
|> consider abstract questions in isolation. You seem to believe in the
|> falsity of principles by the consequence of their abuse. You must *hate*
|> physics!

You're closer than you might imagine.   I certainly despised living
under the Soviet regime when it purported to organize society according
to what they fondly imagined to be the "objective" conclusions of
Marxist dialectic.

But I don't hate Physics so long as some clown doesn't start trying
to control my life on the assumption that we are all interchangeable
atoms, rather than individual human beings.

jon. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53127
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

In article <66486@mimsy.umd.edu>, mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
|> Jeff West writes:
|> 
|> >You claimed that people that took the time to translate the bible would
|> >also take the time to get it right.  But here in less than a couple
|> >generations you've been given ample proof (agreed to by yourself above)
|> >that the "new" versions "tends to be out of step with other modern
|> >translations."
|> 
|> What I said was that people took time to *copy* *the* *text* correctly.
|> Translations present completely different issues.

So why do I read in the papers that the Qumram texts had "different
versions" of some OT texts.   Did I misunderstand?

jon. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53130
From: a137490@lehtori.cc.tut.fi (Aario Sami)
Subject: Re: note to Bobby M.

In <1993Apr10.191100.16094@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

>Insults about the atheistic genocide was totally unintentional.  Under
>atheism, anything can happen, good or bad, including genocide.

And you know why this is? Because you've conveniently _defined_ a theist as
someone who can do no wrong, and you've _defined_ people who do wrong as
atheists. The above statement is circular (not to mention bigoting), and,
as such, has no value.
-- 
Sami Aario         |  "Can you see or measure an atom? Yet you can explode
a137490@cc.tut.fi  |   one. Sunlight is comprised of many atoms."
-------------------'  "Your stupid minds! Stupid, stupid!"
Eros in "Plan 9 From Outer Space"     DISCLAIMER: I don't agree with Eros.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53131
From:  (Rashid)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <1993Apr14.121134.12187@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>,
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) wrote:
> 
> >In article <C5C7Cn.5GB@ra.nrl.navy.mil> khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil (Umar Khan) writes:
Stuff deleted
> >>What we should be demanding, is for Khomeini and his ilk to publicly
> >>come clean and to show their proof that Islamic Law punishes
> >>apostacy with death or that it tolerates any similar form of
> >>coversion of freedom of conscience.

All five schools of law (to the best of my knowledge) support the
death sentence for apostasy WHEN it is accompanied by open, persistent,
and aggravated hostility to Islam. Otherwise
I agree, there is no legal support for punishment of disbelief.
The Qur'an makes it clear that belief is a matter of conscience. Public
or private disavowal of Islam or conversion to another faith is not
punishable (there are some jurists who have gone against this
trend and insisted that apostasy is punishable (even by death) - but
historically they are the exception.

Cursing and Insulting the Prophets falls under the category of "Shatim".

> 
> I just borrowed a book from the library on Khomeini's fatwa etc.
>Lots of stuff deleted<
> 
> And, according to the above analysis, it looks like Khomeini's offering
> of a reward for Rushdie's death in fact constitutes a criminal act
> according to Islamic law.

Please see my post under "Re: Yet more Rushdie (ISLAMIC LAW)".

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53132
From: naren@tekig1.PEN.TEK.COM (Naren Bala)
Subject: Re: Slavery (was Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: ...)

In article <sandvik-150493144638@sandvik-kent.apple.com> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:
>Looking at historical evidence such 'perfect utopian' islamic states
>didn't survive. I agree, people are people, and even if you might
>start an Islamic revolution and create this perfect state, it takes 
>some time and the internal corruption will destroy the ground rules --
>again.
>

Nothing is perfect. Nothing is perpetual. i.e. even if it is perfect,
it isn't going to stay that way forever. 

Perpetual machines cannot exist. I thought that there
were some laws in mechanics or thermodynamics stating that.

Not an atheist
BN
--
---------------------------------------------------------------------
- Naren Bala (Software Evaluation Engineer)
- HOME: (503) 627-0380		WORK: (503) 627-2742
- All standard disclaimers apply. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53133
From: <MVS104@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1993Apr15.150938.975@news.wesleyan.edu>, SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu
(SCOTT D. SAUYET) says:

>Are these his final words?  (And how many here would find that
>appropriate?)  Or is it just that finals got in the way?

>Keep your fingers crossed!

Why should I keep my fingers crossed? I doubt it would do anything. :)

Martin Schulte

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53134
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1qkq9t$66n@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> 
|> I'll take a wild guess and say Freedom is objectively valuable.  I base
|> this on the assumption that if everyone in the world were deprived utterly
|> of their freedom (so that their every act was contrary to their volition),
|> almost all would want to complain.  Therefore I take it that to assert or
|> believe that "Freedom is not very valuable", when almost everyone can see
|> that it is, is every bit as absurd as to assert "it is not raining" on
|> a rainy day.  I take this to be a candidate for an objective value, and it
|> it is a necessary condition for objective morality that objective values
|> such as this exist.

My own personal and highly subjective opinion is that freedom
is a good thing.

However, when I here people assert that the only "true" freedom
is in following the words of this and that Messiah, I realise
that people don't even agree on the meaning of the word.

What does it mean to say that word X represents an objective
value when word X has no objective meaning?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53135
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

In article <1qi156INNf9n@senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU>, tcbruno@athena.mit.edu (Tom Bruno) writes:
> 
> Wow.  Leave your terminal for a few months and everyone you remember goes
> away-- how depressing.  Actually, there are a few familiar faces out there,
> counting Bob and Kent, but I don't seem to recognize anyone else.  Has anyone
> heard from Graham Matthews recently, or has he gotten his degree and sailed
> for Greener Pastures (tm)?  
> 
> Which brings me to the point of my posting.  How many people out there have 
> been around alt.atheism since 1990?  I've done my damnedest to stay on top of
> the newsgroup, but when you fall behind, you REALLY fall behind (it's still not
> as bad as rec.arts.startrek used to be, but I digress).  Has anyone tried to
> keep up with the deluge?  Inquiring minds want to know!  Also-- does anyone
> keep track of where the more infamous posters to alt.atheism end up, once they
> leave the newsgroup?  Just curious, I guess.
> 
> cheers,
> tom bruno


I am one of those people who always willl have unlimited stores of unfounded
respect for people who have been on newsgroups/mailing lists longer than I
have, so you certainly have my sympathy Tom.  I have only been semi-regularly
posting (it is TOUGHto keep up) since this February, but I have been reading
and following the threads since last August: my school's newsreader was down
for months and our incompetent computing services never bothered to find a new
feed site, so it wasn't accepting outgoing postings.  I don't think anyone
keeps track of where other posters go: it's that old love 'em and leave 'em
Internet for you again...


best regards,

********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
*				   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53136
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <bissda.4.734849678@saturn.wwc.edu>, bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:
> 	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 

That's okay:  it's what all the rest of them who come on here say...

> makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
> lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
> writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
> in the process he became a Christian himself.

This isn't the guy who was a lawyer was he?  Could you give more info on this
guy (never mind- I'm sure there will be PLENTY of responses to this post, and
it will appear there)

> 	The arguements he uses I am summing up.  The book is about whether 
> Jesus was God or not.  I know many of you don't believe, but listen to a 
> different perspective for we all have something to gain by listening to what 
> others have to say.

This is true.  Make sure it is true for ALL cases.
  
> 	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a

Why not both?  ;)
 
> modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.
> 	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
> die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  

Why not die for a lie?  If you were poverty stricken and alunatic, sounds
perfecetly reasoable to me.  As to whether the societal dregs he had for
followers would be able to tell if he was a liar or not, not necessarily.
Even if he died for what he believed in, this still makes him completely
selfish.  Like us all.  So what's the difference.


People 
> gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
> someone who was or had been healed.  Call me a fool, but I believe he did 
> heal people.  

There is no historical proof of this (see earlier threads).  Besides, he (or at
least his name), have been the cause of enough deaths to make up for whatever
healing he gave.


> 	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
> to someone who was crazy.  

SIEG HEIL!!


>Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
> anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
> this right away.
>

Who is David Koresh?  I am curious.

 	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
> real thing.  

How does this follow?  Your definition of lunatic (and "disproof" thereof seem
rather... uhhh.. SHAKY)

> 	Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
> the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.  This in his betrayal 
> and Crucifixion.  I don't have my Bible with me at this moment, next time I 
> write I will use it.

Good idea.

> 	I don't think most people understand what a Christian is.  It 
> is certainly not what I see a lot in churches. 

Naturally, those or not TRUE Christians, right?  ;)

> Rather I think it 
> should be a way of life, and a total sacrafice of everything for God's 
> sake.  He loved us enough to die and save us so we should do the 
> same.  Hey we can't do it, God himself inspires us to turn our lives 
> over to him.  That's tuff and most people don't want to do it, to be a 
> real Christian would be something for the strong to persevere at.  But 
> just like weight lifting or guitar playing, drums, whatever it takes 
> time.  We don't rush it in one day, Christianity is your whole life.  
> It is not going to church once a week, or helping poor people once in 
> a while.  We box everything into time units.  Such as work at this 
> time, sports, Tv, social life.  God is above these boxes and should be 
> carried with us into all these boxes that we have created for 
> ourselves.  	  


Someone else handle this, I don't know if it's worth it... *sigh*


********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
*				   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53137
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

In article <1993Apr15.050750.3893@nuscc.nus.sg>, cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes:
> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:
> : In article <1q338l$cva@uxa.ecn.bgu.edu>, gsu0033@uxa.ecn.bgu.edu (Eric
> : Molas) wrote:
> : > Christianity is an infectious cult.  The reasons it flourishes are 
> : > because 1) it gives people without hope or driven purpose in life
> : > a safety blanked to hide behind.  "Oh wow..all i have to do is 
> : > follow this christian moral standard and I get eternal happiness."
> : 
> : I agree that in many cases primitive emotional feelings based on
> : 'haha, you won't laugh in hell' mentalities makes certain religions
> : very attractive for certain personalities.
> 
> I agree with both of u, but I would like to make a small point.  Xtianity, &
> other dogmatic religions, not only attract people without hope etc but
> also attract "average" people as well.  I believe that Xtainity, thru
> its escapist doctrines & absolutist attitudes, provides great psychological 
> shelter from day-to-day frustrations, unhappiness & fear of uncertainty 
> & unknown etc.
>

This is a good point, but I think "average" people do not take up Christianity
so much out of fear or escapism, but, quite simply, as a way to improve their
social life, or to get more involved with American culture, if they are kids of
immigrants for example.  Since it is the overwhelming major religion in the
Western World (in some form or other), it is simply the choice people take if
they are bored and want to do something new with their lives, but not somethong
TOO new, or TOO out of the ordinary.  Seems a little weak, but as long as it
doesn't hurt anybody...
 
> The Buddha had something to say about the attractiveness of religions:
> 
>    "When driven by fear, man worships sacred mountains, sacred stones, 
> 	and sacred trees." 
> 
> However, the Buddha also said,
> 
> 	"If somebody finds peace in any religion, let him be".
> 
> 

These are good quotes, and I agree with both of them, but let's make sure to
alter the scond one so that includes something like "...let him be, as long as
he is not preventing others from finding their peace." or something like that. 
(Of course, I suppose, if someone were REALLY "at peace", there would be no
need for inflicting evangelism)


> Personally, I feel that since religion have such a poweful
> psychological effect, we should let theists be.  But the problem is that
> religions cause enormous harm to non-believers and to humanity as a whole
> (holy wars, inquisitions, inter-religious hatred, impedence of science
> & intellectual progress, us-&-them attitudes etc etc.  Need I say more?).
> I really don't know what we can do about them.  Any comments?
> 
Well, it is a sure thing we will have to live with them all our lives.  Their
popularity seems to come and go.  I remember when I first entered High School,
I was an atheist (always had been) and so were about 7 of my friends.  At this
time, 5 of those 7 have converted, always to Christianity (they were all also
immigrants from Taiwan, or sons of immigrants, hence my earlier gross
generalization).  Christianity seems a lot more popular to people now than it
ever has before (since I've been noticing).  Maybe it is just my perceptions
that are chagning.  Who knows?
I for one am perfectly willing to live and let live with them, so long as we
have some set of abstract rights/agreements on how we should treat each other:
I have no desire to be hurt by them or their notions.  For all the well-put
arguments on this usenet, it never does any good.  Argumentation does not
really seem to apply to Christians (or even some atheists)- it must simply be a
step the person takes naturally, almost, "instinctively"...


best regards,

********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
*				   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************
>
--
> 
> The UnEnlightened One
> ------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
>                   | "Buddhism has the characteristics of what would be 
> Tan Chade Meng    | expected in a cosmic religion for the future: it
> Singapore         | transcends a personal God, avoids dogmas and theology;
> cmtan@iss.nus.sg  | it covers both the natural & spiritual, and it is
>                   | based on a religious sense aspiring from the experience
>                   | of all things, natural and spiritual, as a meaningful
>                   | unity"     --  Einstein
> ------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
> 
> 
> 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53139
From: geoff@East.Sun.COM (Geoff Arnold @ Sun BOS - R.H. coast near the top)
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

Your posting provoked me into checking my save file for memorable
posts. The first I captured was by Ken Arromdee on 19 Feb 1990, on the
subject "Re: atheist too?". That was article #473 here; your question
was article #53766, which is an average of about 48 articles a day for
the last three years. As others have noted, the current posting rate is
such that my kill file is depressing large...... Among the posting I
saved in the early days were articles from the following notables:

>From: loren@sunlight.llnl.gov (Loren Petrich)
>From: jchrist@nazareth.israel.rel (Jesus Christ of Nazareth)
>From: mrc@Tomobiki-Cho.CAC.Washington.EDU (Mark Crispin)
>From: perry@apollo.HP.COM (Jim Perry)
>From: lippard@uavax0.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)
>From: minsky@media.mit.edu (Marvin Minsky)

An interesting bunch.... I wonder where #2 is?
---
Geoff Arnold, PC-NFS architect, Sun Select. (geoff.arnold@East.Sun.COM)
--------------------------------------------------+-------------------
"What if they made the whole thing up?            | "The Great Lie" by
 Four guys, two thousand years ago, over wine..." |    The Tear Garden


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53140
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:

>>I think that you are confusing the words "objective" and "inherent."
>>And objective system is simply one in which an outside observer who,
>>given the postulates of the system, could perfectly judge any situation
>>or action as consistent with the system (right) or not (wrong).  You seem
>>to be objecting because the goals of the system are not inherent.  That is,
>>you seem to want to define an objective system as one in which the
>>postulates themselves could be determined by some outside observer.
>>I don't think that this is a good definition of an objective system.
>Then you need to learn English.

Really>`?

>Gravity is an objective system.  Anybody can learn what it is, and perform
>experiments.  They will get the same results as every other person who
>has performed those experiments.

No, gravity is an inherent system.  You don't need any excess information
other than observations to determine anything.  It is possible to objectively
determine someone's guilt or innocence within an non-inherent system.
I agree that morality is not necessarily inherent (unless you state that
everything we do has an evolutionary basis), but this does not mean that
it cannot be objective in theory.

>This "natural morality" is not an objective system, as evidenced by
>your comments about lions, and mine.

Perhaps it can be objective, but not inherent.  Anyway, as I noted before,
the practices related to mating rituals, etc. among the animals are likely
the only ones to be considered "immoral" under the previous "definitions"
of the natural law.  Therefore, some revisions are in order, since the
class of activities surrounding mating seem to pose some general problems.

>>And in fact, the only way that the postulates could be determined by an
>>outsider would be if there were some sort of higher truth, like some
>>sort of god or something.  But, I do not think that a god is necessary
>>for an objective system, while it seems that you do.
>What are you trying to say here?

It seens that you are objecting to the notion of an objective system
because perhaps you think that it would imply inherence, which would
necessitate some sort of grand design?

>>No, I have classified behavior of most animals as in line with a
>>moral system.  It is certainly possible for animals to commit acts
>>which are outside of their rules of ethics, but they don't seem to
>>do so very often.  Perhaps they are not intelligent enough to be
>>immoral.
>And perhaps it's because you have yet to define a "moral" system.

I think I have.  It is a code of ethics which basically defines undesired
behaviors, etc.  An immoral behavior could be unwanted, unproductive,
or destructive, etc., depending on the goal of the system (that is,
immoral to what end?).

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53141
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:

>>Natural morality may specifically be thought of as a code of ethics that
>>a certain species has developed in order to survive.
>Wait.  Are we talking about ethics or morals here?

Is the distinction important?

>>We see this countless
>>times in the animal kingdom, and such a "natural" system is the basis for
>>our own system as well.
>Huh?

Well, our moral system seems to mimic the natural one, in a number of ways.

>>In order for humans to thrive, we seem to need
>>to live in groups,
>Here's your problem.  "we *SEEM* to need".  What's wrong with the highlighted
>word?

I don't know.  What is wrong?  Is it possible for humans to survive for
a long time in the wild?  Yes, it's possible, but it is difficult.  Humans
are a social animal, and that is a cause of our success.

>>and in order for a group to function effectively, it
>>needs some sort of ethical code.
>This statement is not correct.

Isn't it?  Why don't you think so?

>>And, by pointing out that a species' conduct serves to propogate itself,
>>I am not trying to give you your tautology, but I am trying to show that
>>such are examples of moral systems with a goal.  Propogation of the species
>>is a goal of a natural system of morality.
>So anybody who lives in a monagamous relationship is not moral?  After all,
>in order to ensure propogation of the species, every man should impregnate
>as many women as possible.

No.  As noted earlier, lack of mating (such as abstinence or homosexuality)
isn't really destructive to the system.  It is a worst neutral.

>For that matter, in herds of horses, only the dominate stallion mates.  When
>he dies/is killed/whatever, the new dominate stallion is the only one who
>mates.  These seems to be a case of your "natural system of morality" trying
>to shoot itself in the figurative foot.

Again, the mating practices are something to be reexamined...

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53142
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:

>>But chimps are almost human...
>Does this mean that Chimps have a moral will?

Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53143
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:

>So how do you then explain sudden violent behavior of human beings?
>Your theory would state that the more the human is detached from 
>primitive behavior, the more violent and non-moralistic the human
>becomes (please correct me if my understanding was wrong). So
>you have this bifurcation point where a madman is killing people
>from the roof of a campus. Could you explain how your 'theory'
>explains such a situation?

Madmen are mad.  Do we try to explain the output from a broken computer?
I think not.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53144
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>To show that the examples I and others
>have provided are *not* counter examples of your supposed inherent
>moral hypothesis, you have to successfully argue that
>domestication removes or alters this morality.

I think that domestication will change behavior to a large degree.
Domesticated animals exhibit behaviors not found in the wild.  I
don't think that they can be viewed as good representatives of the
wild animal kingdom, since they have been bred for thousands of years
to produce certain behaviors, etc.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53145
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

mmwang@adobe.com (Michael Wang) writes:

>>Well, I have typed in the OED definitions.  As you will note upon reading
>>them, a punishment, being an inanimate object, is incapable of "showing
>>mercy."  So, you can not say that a merciless punishment is a cruel one.
>Sorry, you must have missed the stuff in parens when you read the
>definition (where transf. = transferred sense and fig. =
>figurative,-ly). "Things" can be cruel. Samples of text from the first
>definition include, "Because I would not see thy cruell nailes Plucke
>out his poore old eyes," and "The puniness of man in the centre of a
>cruel and frowning universe."

Sure nails can be cruel.  I'd imagine nails in your eyes would be
*very* painful.  But, this does not imply that a painless death is
cruel, which is what you are supposed to be trying to show.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53149
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <sfnNTrC00WBO43LRUK@andrew.cmu.edu> "David R. Sacco" <dsav+@andrew.cmu.edu> 
writes:

>After tons of mail, could we move this discussion to alt.religion?

Yes.

MAC
>=============================================================
>--There are many here among us who feel that life is but a joke. (Bob Dylan)
>--"If you were happy every day of your life you wouldn't be a human
>being, you'd be a game show host." (taken from the movie "Heathers.")
>--Lecture (LEK chur) - process by which the notes of the professor
>become the notes of the student without passing through the minds of
>either.
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53150
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <1qjahh$mrs@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) 
writes:

>In article <pww-140493214334@spac-at1-59.rice.edu> pww@spacsun.rice.edu 
(Peter Walker) writes:
>#In article <1qie61$fkt@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank
>#O'Dwyer) wrote:
>#> Objective morality is morality built from objective values.
>#
>#But where do those objective values come from? How can we measure them?
>#What mediated thair interaction with the real world, a moralon? Or a scalar
>#valuino field?

>Science ("the real world") has its basis in values, not the other way round, 
>as you would wish it.  If there is no such thing as objective value, then 
>science can not objectively be said to be more useful than a kick in the head.
>Simple theories with accurate predictions could not objectively be said
>to be more useful than a set of tarot cards.  You like those conclusions?
>I don't.

>#And how do we know they exist in the first place?

>One assumes objective reality, one doesn't know it.  

>-- 
>Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
>odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

How do we measure truth, beauty, goodness, love, friendship, trust, honesty, 
etc.?  If things have no basis in objective fact then aren't we limited in what
we know to be true?  Can't we say that we can examples or instances of reason,
but cannot measure reason, or is that semantics?

MAC
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53151
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <kmr4.1576.734879396@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:

>In article <1qj9gq$mg7@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank 
O'Dwyer) writes:

>>Is good logic *better* than bad?  Is good science better than bad?  

> By definition.


> great - good - okay - bad - horrible

>    << better
>       worse >>


> Good is defined as being better than bad.

>---
How do we come up with this setup?  Is this subjective, if enough people agreed
we could switch the order?  Isn't this defining one unknown thing by another? 
That is, good is that which is better than bad, and bad is that which is worse
than good?  Circular?

MAC
>   Only when the Sun starts to orbit the Earth will I accept the Bible. 
>        

--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53153
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <lsran6INN14a@exodus.Eng.Sun.COM> emarsh@hernes-sun.Eng.Sun.COM (Eric 
Marsh) writes:

>In article <C5HqxJ.JDG@ux1.cso.uiuc.edu> lis450bw@ux1.cso.uiuc.edu (lis450 
Student) writes:
>>Hmmmm.  Define objective morality.  Well, depends upon who you talk to.
>>Some say it means you can't have your hair over your ears, and others say
>>it means Stryper is acceptable.  _I_ would say that general principles
>>of objective morality would be listed in one or two places.

>>Ten Commandments

>>Sayings of Jesus

>>the first depends on whether you trust the Bible, 

>>the second depends on both whether you think Jesus is God, and whether
>>  you think we have accurate copies of the NT.

>Gong!

>Take a moment and look at what you just wrote. First you defined
>an "objective" morality and then you qualified this "objective" morality
>with subjective justifications. Do you see the error in this?

>Sorry, you have just disqualified yourself, but please play again.

>>MAC
>>

>eric

Huh?  Please explain.  Is there a problem because I based my morality on 
something that COULD be wrong?  Gosh, there's a heck of a lot of stuff that I 
believe that COULD be wrong, and that comes from sources that COULD be wrong. 
What do you base your belief on atheism on?  Your knowledge and reasoning? 
COuldn't that be wrong?

MAC
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53154
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

> O.K., so pick former Yugoslavia instead and say their problems are caused
> by communism, it doesn't really matter.  But I guess religious leaders are
> calling for an end to that, too, so it can't be religiously motivated.  This
> despite the fact that the Christians carve crosses in dead Muslims chests.
> Maybe they just want land.  Maybe its something else they want.  Maybe the
> cross carvings are just accidental.  I don't know.  Just looks suspicious.

Most likely the tragic situation in Bosnia is a combination of ethnical
and religious motives, where religion is just one attribute that separates
the groups from each other.

But I must agree that the sad saga in Bosnia is a terrible example
of a case where religion is not helping, instead it is used as a weapon
against other humans. And my sympathies are mostly on the Bosnian side,
it looks like the Serbs are the oppressors, willing to use even
Christianity as a weapon against their former friends.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53157
From: dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

: >> The death penalty was conceived as a deterrent to crime,  but the legal
: >> shenanigans that have been added (automatic appeals, lengthy court
: >> battles, etc.) have relegated that purpose to a very small part of what
: >> it should be.  Hence the question is,  do we instate the death penalty as
: >> it was meant to be, and see if that deters crime, or do we get rid of
: >> it entirely?

  I doubt the death penalty was supposed to be a "deterrent" to crime. If so,
why doesn't every crime carry a death penalty ? That would be effictive
wouldn't it ???

  The death penalty is a punishment, much like a $50 fine for speeding is
a punishment. Anyway, somebody with murder on the mind doesn't much care
about the consequences. I think another problem is that people dont think
they will get caught. If I wanted to kill another person, I wouldn't 
care what the penalty was if I didn't think I would get caught.

  If it was to be strictly a deterrent, it should have been more along 
the lines of torture.

Dave Fuller
dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53158
From: dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes:
: 
[ . . . . . ]
:
: Personally, I feel that since religion have such a poweful
: psychological effect, we should let theists be.  But the problem is that
: religions cause enormous harm to non-believers and to humanity as a whole
: (holy wars, inquisitions, inter-religious hatred, impedence of science
: & intellectual progress, us-&-them attitudes etc etc.  Need I say more?).
: I really don't know what we can do about them.  Any comments?
: 

  I have always held that there should be no attempt to change a persons
attitude or lifestyle as long as it makes them happy and does not tax
anybody else. This seems to be ok for atheists. You don't get an atheist
knocking on your door, stopping you in the airport, or handing out
literature at a social event. Theists seem to think that thier form of
happy should work for others and try to make it so. 

  My sister is a 
born again, and she was a real thorn in the side for my entire family
for several years. She finally got the clue that she couldn't help.
During that period she bought me "I was atheist, now I'm Xtian" books
for my birthday and Xmas several times. Our birthday cards would contain
verses. It was a problem. I told my mom that I was going to send my
sister an atheist piece of reading material. I got a "Don't you dare".
My mom wasn't religious. Why did she insist that I not send it ??

   Because our society has driven into us that religion is ok to
preach, non-religion should be self contained. What a crock of shit.
I finally told my sister that I didn't find her way of life attractive.
I have seen exactly 0 effort from her on trying to convert me since then.

   I'm sick of religious types being pampered, looked out for, and WORST
OF ALL . . . . respected more than atheists. There must be an end
in sight.

Dave Fuller
dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53159
From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: Bible Quiz

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>         Would you mind e-mailing me the questions, with the pairs of answers?
> I would love to have them for the next time a Theist comes to my door!

I'd like this too... maybe you should post an answer key after a while?

Nanci

.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
It is better to be a coward for a minute than dead for the rest of your
life.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53160
From: <SEC108@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Why the bible?

      One thing I think is interesting about alt.athiesm is the fact that
without bible-thumpers and their ilk this would be a much duller newsgroup.
It almost needs the deluded masses to write silly things for athiests to
tear apart. Oh well, that little tidbit aside here is what I really wanted
write about.

      How can anyone believe in such a sorry document as the bible? If you
want to be religious aren't there more plausable books out there? Seriously,
the bible was written by multiple authors who repeatedly contradict each
other. One minute it tells you to kill your kid if he talks back and the next
it says not to kill at all. I think that if xtians really want to follow a
deity they should pick one that can be consistent, unlike the last one they
invented.

      For people who say Jesus was the son of god, didn't god say not to
EVER put ANYONE else before him? Looks like you did just that. Didn't god
say not to make any symbols or idols? What are crosses then? Don't you think
that if you do in fact believe in the bible that you are rather far off track?

Was Jesus illiterate? Why didn't he write anything? Anyone know?

      I honestly hope that people who believe in the bible understand that
it is just one of the religious texts out there and that it is one of the
poorer quality ones to boot. The only reason xtianity escaped the middle east
is because a certain roman who's wine was poisoned with lead made all of rome
xtian after a bad dream.

      If this posting keeps one person, just ONE person, from standing on a
streetcorner and telling people they are going to hell I will be happy.





*** Only hatred and snap judgements can guide your robots through life. ***
***                                    Dr. Clayton Forester             ***
***                                       Mad Scientist                 ***


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53161
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:

>>>How many contridictions do you want to see?
>>Good question. If I claim something is a general trend, then to disprove this,
>>I guess you'd have to show that it was not a general trend.
>No, if you're going to claim something, then it is up to you to prove it.
>Think "Cold Fusion".

Well, I've provided examples to show that the trend was general, and you
(or others) have provided some counterexamples, mostly ones surrounding
mating practices, etc.  I don't think that these few cases are enough to
disprove the general trend of natural morality.  And, again, the mating
practices need to be reexamined...

>>Try to find "immoral" non-mating-related activities.
>So you're excluding mating-related-activities from your "natural morality"?

No, but mating practices are a special case.  I'll have to think about it
some more.

>>Yes, I think that the natural system can be objectively deduced with the
>>goal of species propogation in mind.  But, I am not equating the two
>>as you so think.  That is, an objective system isn't necessarily the
>>natural one.
>Are you or are you not the man who wrote:
>"A natural moral system is the objective moral system that most animals
> follow".

Indeed.  But, while the natural system is objective, all objective systems
are not the natural one.  So, the terms can not be equated.  The natural
system is a subset of the objective ones.

>Now, since homosexuality has been observed in most animals (including
>birds and dolphins), are you going to claim that "most animals" have
>the capacity of being immoral?

I don't claim that homosexuality is immoral.  It isn't harmful, although
it isn't helpful either (to the mating process).  And, when you say that
homosexuality is observed in the animal kingdom, don't you mean "bisexuality?"

>>>>Because we can't determine to what end we should be "moral."
>Are you claiming to be a group?  "We" usually implies more than one entity.

This is standard jargon.  Read any textbook.  The "we" forms are used
throughout.

>>Well, I'm saying that these goals are not inherent.  That is why they must
>>be postulates, because there is not really a way to determine them
>>otherwise (although it could be argued that they arise from the natural
>>goal--but they are somewhat removed).
>Postulate: To assume; posit.

That's right.  The goals themselves aren't inherent.

>I can create a theory with a postulate that the Sun revolves around the
>Earth, that the moon is actually made of green cheese, and the stars are
>the portions of Angels that intrudes into three-dimensional reality.

You could, but such would contradict observations.

>I can build a mathematical proof with a postulate that given the length
>of one side of a triangle, the length of a second side of the triangle, and
>the degree of angle connecting them, I can determine the length of the
>third side.

But a postulate is something that is generally (or always) found to be
true.  I don't think your postulate would be valid.

>Guess which one people are going to be more receptive to.  In order to assume
>something about your system, you have to be able to show that your postulates
>work.

Yes, and I think the goals of survival and happiness *do* work.  You think
they don't?  Or are they not good goals?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53162
From: jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only)
Subject: Re: New Member

In article <C5HIEw.7s1@portal.hq.videocart.com> dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
>
>  Hello. I just started reading this group today, and I think I am going
>to be a large participant in its daily postings. I liked the section of
>the FAQ about constructing logical arguments - well done. I am an atheist,
>but I do not try to turn other people into atheists. I only try to figure
>why people believe the way they do - I don't much care if they have a 
>different view than I do. When it comes down to it . . . I could be wrong.
>I am willing to admit the possibility - something religious followers 
>dont seem to have the capability to do.
>
>  Happy to be aboard !
>
>Dave Fuller
>dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com

Welcome.  I am the official keeper of the list of nicknames that people
are known by on alt.atheism (didn't know we had such a list, did you).
Your have been awarded the nickname of "Buckminster."  So the next time
you post an article, sign with your nickname like so:
Dave "Buckminster" Fuller.  Thanks again.

Jim "Humor means never having to say you're sorry" Copeland
--
If God is dead and the actor plays his part                    | -- Sting,
His words of fear will find their way to a place in your heart | History
Without the voice of reason every faith is its own curse       | Will Teach Us
Without freedom from the past things can only get worse        | Nothing

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53163
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <C5HKv2.Epv@blaze.cs.jhu.edu> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:

>In article <115256@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>>Judaism, for one. Maddi has confirmed this for one. And again I
>>reiterate that one can easily leave the religion at any time,
>>simply by making a public declaration. If one is too lazy to do
>>that then the religion cannot be held responsible.

>There are many "Islamic" countries where publically renouncing Islam can be
>quite dangerous.  These countries might not, according to you, necessarily be
>practicing "true" Islam, but the danger still remains; one cannot blame
>failure to publically renounce Islam on "laziness" as opposed to a desire to
>stay alive and well.

Of course, if you're planning to pull a Rushdie then declaring one's
leaving the religion is little to be concerned about compared to one's
other plans.


In Rushdie's case, the one under discussion, one can. It is tragic that
in _some_ "Islamic" countries this is so. There are, however, Islamic
countries (whose constitutions contains statements that Islamic law is
to be incorporated), e.g. Kuwait, where one can freely make such
statements without fear.


>Not to mention that it has already been pointed out that Rushdie has said in
>his books that he's not a Muslim, and there have surely been enough readers of
>his books to provide the appropriate number of witnesses.

This story has become tiresome. The conditions are clear. If you care to
make your point clear then make a chronology and show that he had made
public statements about leaving Islam prior to his writing of _TSV_. If
he did make such statements then he should have made _that_ clear rather
than trying to rejoin Islam or go on talking about his personal
feelings.



Gregg

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53164
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr10.123858.25059@bradford.ac.uk> L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham) writes:

>Gregg Jaeger (jaeger@buphy.bu.edu) wrote:

>> Khomenei was a jerk and so were plenty of 
>>British "leaders", so what? 

>>THE QUR'AN is the basis of judgement. Khomenei was clearly a heretic
>>by the standards of the Qur'an. End of story.

>Could you be a little more specific as to exactly why Khomanei was a
>heretic and a jerk as judged by the Koran.  I have no liking for the
>guy, but as far as I know he has done nothing contrary to the teachings
>of the Koran, or at least so I'm told by several Iranian research
>students that I share an office with.

>It is easy and convenient for you to denounce him.  But I have the 
>feeling that your views are not as clear cut and widely accepted as you
>suggest.

I have made this clear elsewhere but will do so again. Khomeini put a 
price on the head of someone in another country, this makes him a jerk
as well as an international outlaw. Khomeini advocates the view that
there was a series of twelve Islamic leaders (the Twelve Imams) who
are free of error or sin. This makes him a heretic. In the Qur'an 
Muhammad is chastised for error directly by God; the Qur'an says that
Muhammad is the greatest example of proper Islamic behavior; thus
no muslim is free from error. 


>As usual there seems to be almost as many Islamic viewpoints as there
>are Muslims.  

Perhaps it seems so to you, but this is hardly the case. There is
widespread agreement about matters of Islam. There certainly are
many viewpoints on issues which are not particularly Islamic in
and of themselves, but this is so for any large group of people
under the same name. 

>It all comes back to the Koran being so imprecise in its wording.

The Qur'an is not particularly imprecise in wording, though it is true
that several interpretations are possible in the interpretations of
many words. However, as an entire text the Qur'an makes its meanings
precise enough for intelligent people free from power lust to come
to agreement about them. 



Gregg

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53165
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr10.124753.25195@bradford.ac.uk> L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham) writes:

>Gregg Jaeger (jaeger@buphy.bu.edu) wrote:

>>Well, it seemed slightly incongruous to find the Union Jack flying
>>at City Hall in Belfast. 

>May I ask why?  It's there not because the British want it there (NI
>is just one big expensive problem), it's there because that is
>what the majority of the population of NI want.  Is there some
>problem with that?

The majority of those who can open their mouths in public perhaps.
There seems quite alot of incentive for the British to have control
of NI, like using the North Channel and Irish Sea as a waste dump (I was
appalled at the dumping I saw in the harbor in Belfast). It is my
understanding that quite alot of radioactivity enters the water --
it'd be quite a problem if NI got its independence from Britain and
then stopped accepting the waste. Are you suggesting that British
industry isn't making profit off the situation as well?


Gregg

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53166
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr10.125109.25265@bradford.ac.uk> L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham) writes:

>Gregg Jaeger (jaeger@buphy.bu.edu) wrote:

>>Could you please explain in what way the Qur'an in your eyes carries
>>"the excess baggage of another era"? The Qur'an in my opinion carries
>>no such baggage. 

>How about trying to run a modern economy without charging interest on
>loans.  From what I hear, even fundamentalist Iran is having to
>compromise this ideal.

Which sort of loans and what have you heard exactly?


Gregg

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53167
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1qi3l5$jkj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>I hope an Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI, which
>ripped off so many small depositors among the Muslim
>community in the Uk and elsewhere.

>jon.

Grow up, childish propagandist.




Gregg

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53168
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <1993Apr10.130112.25440@bradford.ac.uk> L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham) writes:

>Gregg Jaeger (jaeger@buphy.bu.edu) wrote:

>>>And no, in Western countries, it isn't a "legal" concept 
>>>at all, so it's not the slightest bit pertinent to the
>>>topic, which is a British author living in the United 
>>>Kingdom under the protection of British law.

>>Ah, yes, I keep forgetting, governments are superior entities to
>>religious organizations. Forgive me -- the gun is the higher law.

>This is degenerating to 'Zumder logic.  Of course governments are
>superior entities, they are elected by the people, whereas religious
>leaders certainly are not.

Perhaps not in Christianity, but in Islam the choice of religious
leaders is to be made by the people. So much for your superiority
argument.


>  Those who the people trust to make the law
>obviously represents the higher law.  That is democracy.

Democracy is a basic element of Islam. Learn that one!

Ever notice that the so-called "fundamentalists" in Algeria
who are being repressed by the secular government won in
free and democratic elections.


Gregg

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53170
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <11810@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
>Subject: Re: free moral agency
>Date: 14 Apr 93 21:41:31 GMT
>In article <healta.133.734810202@saturn.wwc.edu> healta@saturn.wwc.edu (TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
>>>
>>In the Old testement, Satan is RARELY mentioned, if at all. 
>
>
>  Huh?  Doesn't the SDA Bible contain the book of Job?
>
>>This is why there is suffering in the world, we are caught inthe crossfire. 
>>and sometimes, innocents as well as teh guilty get hurt.
>>That's my opinion and I hope I cleared up a few things.
>>
>
>  Seems like your omnipotent and omniscient god has "got some
>  'splainin' to do" then.  Or did he just create Satan for shits and
>  giggles?
>
>/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 
>
>Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 
>
>They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
>and sank Manhattan out at sea.
>
>^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
I didn't say it NEVER mentioned Satan, I said it RARELY, if at all.  Please 
excuse me for my lack of perfect memory or omnipotence.

Tammy
P.S I'm soory if I sound cranky.  I apoplogize now before anyone's feelings 
get hurt.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53171
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: note to Bobby M.

In article <1993Apr14.190904.21222@daffy.cs.wisc.edu> mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
>From: mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
>Subject: Re: note to Bobby M.
>Date: Wed, 14 Apr 1993 19:09:04 GMT
>In article <1993Apr14.131548.15938@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>>In <madhausC5CKIp.21H@netcom.com> madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann) writes:
>>
>>>Mark, how much do you *REALLY* know about vegetarian diets?
>>>The problem is not "some" B-vitamins, it's balancing proteins.  
>>>There is also one vitamin that cannot be obtained from non-animal
>>>products, and this is only of concern to VEGANS, who eat no
>>>meat, dairy, or eggs.  I believe it is B12, and it is the only
>>>problem.  Supplements are available for vegans; yes, the B12
>>>does come from animal by-products.  If you are on an ovo-lacto
>>>vegetarian diet (eat dairy and eggs) this is not an issue.
>
>I didn't see the original posting, but...
>Yes, I do know about vegetarian diets, considering that several of my
>close friends are devout vegetarians, and have to take vitamin supplements.
>B12 was one of the ones I was thinking of, it has been a long time since
>I read the article I once saw talking about the special dietary needs
>of vegetarians so I didn't quote full numbers.  (Considering how nice
>this place is. ;)
>
>>B12 can also come from whole-grain rice, I understand.  Some brands here
>>in Australia (and other places too, I'm sure) get the B12 in the B12
>>tablets from whole-grain rice.
>
>Are you sure those aren't an enriched type?  I know it is basically
>rice and soybeans to get almost everything you need, but I hadn't heard
>of any rice having B12.  
>
>>Just thought I'd contribute on a different issue from the norm :)
>
>You should have contributed to the programming thread earlier. :)
>
>> Fred Rice
>> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   
>
>M^2
>
If one is a vegan (a vegetarian taht eats no animal products at at i.e eggs, 
milk, cheese, etc., after about 3 years of a vegan diet, you need to start 
taking B12 supplements because b12 is found only in animals.) Acutally our 
bodies make B12, I think, but our bodies use up our own B12 after 2 or 3 
years.  
Lacto-oveo vegetarians, like myself, still get B12 through milk products 
and eggs, so we don't need supplements.
And If anyone knows more, PLEASE post it.  I'm nearly contridicting myself 
with the mish-mash of knowledge I've gleaned.

Tammy

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53172
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:

>>So, you are saying that it isn't possible for an instinctive act
>>to be moral one?  That is, in order for an act to be an act of morality,
>>the person must consider the immoral action but then disregard it?
>No, I'm saying that in order for an act to be moral or immoral, somebody/
>someone/something must _consider_ it to be so.  That implies intelligence,
>not instinct.

Who has to consider it?  The being that does the action?  I'm still
not sure I know what you are trying to say.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53173
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>So, you are saying that it isn't possible for an instinctive act
>>to be moral one?
>I like to think that many things are possible.   Explain to me
>how instinctive acts can be moral acts, and I am happy to listen.

For example, if it were instinctive not to murder...

>>That is, in order for an act to be an act of morality,
>>the person must consider the immoral action but then disregard 
>>it?
>Weaker than that.   There must be the possibility that the
>organism - it's not just people we are talking about - can
>consider alternatives.

So, only intelligent beings can be moral, even if the bahavior of other
beings mimics theirs?  And, how much emphasis do you place on intelligence?
Animals of the same species could kill each other arbitarily, but they
don't.  Are you trying to say that this isn't an act of morality because
most animals aren't intelligent enough to think like we do?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53174
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>I don't expect the lion to know, or not know anything of the kind.
>In fact, I don't have any evidence that lions ever consider such 
>issues.
>And that, of course, is why I don't think you can assign moral
>significance to the instinctive behaviour of lions.

What I've been saying is that moral behavior is likely the null behavior.
That is, it doesn't take much work to be moral, but it certainly does to
be immoral (in some cases).  Also, I've said that morality is a remnant
of evolution.  Our moral system is based on concepts well practiced in
the animal kingdom.

>>So you are basically saying that you think a "moral" is an undefinable
>>term, and that "moral systems" don't exist?  If we can't agree on a
>>definition of these terms, then how can we hope to discuss them?
>No, it's perfectly clear that I am saying that I know what a moral
>is in *my* system, but that I can't speak for other people.

But, this doesn't get us anywhere.  Your particular beliefs are irrelevant
unless you can share them or discuss them...

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53175
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: ? (was Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?))

sdoe@nmsu.edu (Stephen Doe) writes:

>>Of course, if at some later time we think that the death penalty
>>*is* cruel or unusual, it will be outlawed.  But at the present,
>>most people don't seem to think this way.
>*This* from the same fellow who speaks of an "objective" or "natural"
>morality.  I suppose that if the majority decides slavery is OK, then
>it is no longer immoral?

I did not claim that our system was objective.


keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53176
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <2BCC892B.21864@ics.uci.edu> bvickers@ics.uci.edu (Brett J. Vickers) writes:

>In article <115290@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>>Well, seeing as you are not muslim the sort of fatwa issued by Khomeini
>>would not be relevant to you. I can understand your fear of persecution
>>and I share it even more than you (being muslim), however Rushdie's
>>behavior was not completely excusable.

>Why should a fatwa issued by Khomeini be relevant to anyone who
>doesn't live in Iran?

Issued by Khomeini it shouldn't be relevant to anyone. But issued
by an honest and learned scholar of Islam it would be relevant to
any muslim as it would be contrary to Islamic law which all muslims
are required to respect.

>  Who is it that decides whether Rushdie's behavior is excusable? 

Anyone sufficiently well versed in Islamic law and capable of reasoning,
if you are talking about a weak sense of "excuse." It depends on what 
sense of "excuse" you have in mind.


> And who cares if you think it is inexcusable?

Only someone who thinks my opinion is important, obviously.
Obviously you don't care, nor do I care that you don't care.


Gregg

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53177
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: Free Moral Agency and Kent S.

In article <sandvik-140493185034@sandvik-kent.apple.com> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:
>From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
>Subject: Re: Free Moral Agency and Kent S.
>Date: Thu, 15 Apr 1993 01:51:57 GMT
>In article <healta.135.734811375@saturn.wwc.edu>, healta@saturn.wwc.edu
>(TAMMY R HEALY) wrote:
>> Ezekiel 28:17 says, Your hart was filled with pride because of all your 
>> beauty; you corrupted your wisdom for the sake of your splendor.  Therefore 
>> I have cast you down the the ground and exposed you helpless before the 
>> curious gaze of Kings."
>
>> For those of you who are Bible scholars, you knowthat the 1st 11 verses 
>> refer to the Prince of Tyre.  This is a prophesy about and addressed to the 
>> human prince.  Verses 12-19 refer to the King of Tyre, which is a term for 
>> Satan.
>
>Tammy, what's the rationale to connect the prince of Tyre with Satan,
>could you give us more rational bible cites, thanks? I'm afraid that
>if this is not the case, your thinking model falls apart like a house
>of cards. But let's see!
>
>Cheers,
>Kent
>---
>sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

At the time Ezekiel was written, Israel was in apostacy again and if I'm not 
mistaken, Tyre was about to make war on Israel.  Like I said, the Prince of 
Tyre was the human ruler of Tyre.  He was a wicked man.  By calling Satan 
the King of Tyre, Ezekiel was saying that Satan is the real ruler over Tyre.

Don't think my interpretation is neccessarily the orthodox Christian one, 
although most Christian Bible commentaries interpret the King of Tyre as 
being a reference to Satan. (I haven't read Ezekiel throughly in a long 
time.)

Tammy

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53178
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: free moral agency and Jeff Clark

In article <16BB112DFC.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
>Subject: Re: free moral agency and Jeff Clark
>Date: Thu, 15 Apr 1993 20:28:27 GMT
>In article <healta.136.734813153@saturn.wwc.edu>
>healta@saturn.wwc.edu (TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
> 
>(Deletion)
>>You also said,"Why did millions suffer for what Adam and Ee did?  Seems a
>>pretty sick way of going about creating a universe..."
>>
>>I'm gonna respond by giving a small theology lesson--forgive me, I used
>>to be a theology major.
>>First of all, I believe that this planet is involved in a cosmic struggle--
>>"the Great Controversy betweed Christ and Satan" (i borrowed a book title).
>>God has to consider the interests of the entire universe when making
>>decisions.
>(Deletion)
> 
>An universe it has created. By the way, can you tell me why it is less
>tyrannic to let one of one's own creatures do what it likes to others?
>By your definitions, your god has created Satan with full knowledge what
>would happen - including every choice of Satan.
> 
>Can you explain us what Free Will is, and how it goes along with omniscience?
>Didn't your god know everything that would happen even before it created the
>world? Why is it concerned about being a tyrant when noone would care if
>everything was fine for them? That the whole idea comes from the possibility
>to abuse power, something your god introduced according to your description?
> 
> 
>By the way, are you sure that you have read the FAQ? Especially the part
>about preaching?
>   Benedikt

I don't feel that I'm preaching. I'm just trying to answer people's 
questions and talking about my religion, my beliefs.
When it comes to what I post, I don't do it with the intent of converting 
anyone.  I don't expect for the atheists in this newsgroup to take what I 
say with a grain of salt if they so wish.
I just state what I beleve, they ask me how I believeit and why and we all 
go on. 
If that's preaching, then I'm soory and I'll get off the soapbox.

Tammy

  

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53179
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:

>>Look, I'm not the one that made those Nazi comparisons.  Other people
>>compared what the religious people are doing now to Nazi Germany.  They
>>have said that it started out with little things (but no one really knew
>>about any of these "little" things, strangely enough) and grew to bigger
>>things.  They said that the motto is but one of the little things 
>You just contradicted yourself.  The motto is one of those little things that
>nobody has bothered mentiopning to you, huh?

The "`little' things" above were in reference to Germany, clearly.  People
said that there were similar things in Germany, but no one could name any.
They said that these were things that everyone should know, and that they
weren't going to waste their time repeating them.  Sounds to me like no one
knew, either.  I looked in some books, but to no avail.

>>that is
>>going to pave the way for other "intrusions."  Of course, if the motto
>>hasn't caused problems in its 40 year history, then I doubt it is going to...
>It *has* caused problems.  You just ignore every instance when someone
>describes one to you.

It has *caused* problems?  Again, no one has shown that things were better
before the motto, or that they'd likely be better after.  I don't think
the motto initiates any sort of harassment.  Harassment will occur whether
or not the motto is present.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53180
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:

>>I think you should support your first claim, that people will simply
>>harass me no matter what, as I doubt this is true. I think *some* of the
>>theists will be at a loss, and that is enough reason for me.
>Because "IN GOD WE TRUST" is a motto on the coins, and the coins
>are a representation of the government, christians are given
>ammunition here to slander atheists as unpatriotic.

So, we should ban the ammunition?  Why not get rid of the guns?

>And yes, I have heard this used in conversation with christians.
>Sure, they may fall back on other things, but this is one they
>should not have available to use.

It is worse than others?  The National Anthem?  Should it be changed too?
God Bless America?  The list goes on...

>Imagine if the next year's set of coins were labeled with
>the motto:   "GOD IS DEAD".
>Certainly, such a statement on U.S. coins would offend almost
>every christian.  And I'd be tempted to rub that motto in the
>face of christians when debunking their standard motto slinging
>gets boring.

Then you'd be no better than the people you despise.

>Any statement printed on an item that represents
>the government is an endorsement by the government.

Oh?

>The coin motto is an endorsement of trusting in god.

An endorsement, or an acknowledgement?  I think gods are things that people
are proud of, but I don't think the motto encourages belief.

>I don't particularly feel like trusting in god,
>so the government IS putting me down with every
>coin it prints.

Is it?

[...]
>For the motto to be legitimate, it would have to read:
>   "In god, gods, or godlessness we trust"

Would you approve of such a motto?

>Whether the motto was intended to be anti-atheist or not,
>it turns up as an open invitation to use as an anti-atheist tool.

And removing the tool will solve the problem?

Or will it increase the problem?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53181
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>I want to know how this omniscient being is going to perform
>the feat of "definitely" terming actions right or wrong.

If you were omniscient, you'd know who exactly did what, and with what
purpose in mind.  Then, with a particular goal in mind, you sould be
able to methodically judge whether or not this action was in accordance
with the general goal.

>>>I don't think you've show the existence of *any* objective moral system.
>>They exist, but in practice, they are difficult to perfectly emulate.
>>I mean, you understand the concept of an objective system, right?
>I thought you were explaining it to us.   I certainly don't
>understand what you are explaining.

In an objective system, there are known goals.  Then, actions are judged
as either being compatible with these goals, or not.  Simple.  The problem
with most systems in current practice is that the goals differ.  That is,
the goals of each society are different.

Note that an objective system is not necessarily an inherent one.

>>The concept of innocence is dependent on whether certain actions are
>>"right" or "wrong," and this depends on the moral system.  But, if
>>we have an objective system, then someone can be deemed innocent or
>>not quite easily by an omniscient person.  Anyway, I think I cleared
>>up the recursive definition of "murder," because no one is complaining
>>about it.
>I don't think it solves anything to speculate where we would be
>if we *did* have an objective moral system.  The question is
>still whether you can even say what one is.

I've said it many, many times.

>And for what it's worth, I don't think you cleared up *anything*
>concerning murder.

Which part do you have a problem with?

>>>What do you mean by "harmed?"  Is it harm if you have to spend
>>>your existence metabolising food for another species?
>>Oh, most moral systems would be considered only within a species.  It
>>is okay for us to enslave other animals, right?  But not humans...
>>Of course, ideally, perhaps we wouldn't even have to bother any other
>>animals...
>One the first point, it's wrong to enslave humans according to my
>persoanl moral system.  On the second point, I'm a vegetarian.

But, we can enslave the animals, right?  But just not kill them?  Or
are you a vegetarian for health reasons?

>So, are you a vegetarian?

No.  I fail to see how my *personal* views are relevant, anyway.

>Is it wrong to eat animals in your personal moral system?

Of course not.  It seems perfectly valid to kill members of other species
for food.  It might be nice, though, if the other animals were not made
to suffer.  For instance, a cow in a field lives out its life just about
the same way it would in the wild.  They seem happy enough.  However,
the veal youngsters aren't treated very well.

>How about an "objective" moral system?

I don't know.  What is the goal of this particular system?  There is no
inherent system.

>How about a "natural" moral system.

Nope.  Again, it seems okay to kill other species for food.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53182
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: who are we to judge, Bobby?

In article <kmr4.1572.734847158@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
>Subject: Re: who are we to judge, Bobby?
>Date: Thu, 15 Apr 1993 04:12:38 GMT
>
>(S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
>>(TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
>>>I would like to take the liberty to quote from a Christian writer named 
>>>Ellen G. White.  I hope that what she said will help you to edit your 
>>>remarks in this group in the future.
>>>
>>>"Do not set yourself as a standard.  Do not make your opinions, your views 
>>>of duty, your interpretations of scripture, a criterion for others and in 
>>>your heart condemn them if they do not come up to your ideal."
>>>                         Thoughts Fromthe Mount of Blessing p. 124
>>
>>Point?
>
>	Point: you have taken it upon yourself to judge others; when only 
>God is the true judge.
>
>---
>
>   Only when the Sun starts to orbit the Earth will I accept the Bible. 
>        
>
I agree totally with you!  Amen!  You stated it better and in less world 
than I did.

Tammy


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53183
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <11820@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
>Subject: Re: some thoughts.
>Keywords: Dan Bissell
>Date: 15 Apr 93 18:21:21 GMT
>In article <bissda.4.734849678@saturn.wwc.edu> bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:
>>
>>	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
>>makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
>>lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
>>writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
>>in the process he became a Christian himself.
>
>  This should be good fun.  It's been a while since the group has
>  had such a ripe opportunity to gut, gill, and fillet some poor
>  bastard.  
>
>  Ah well.  Off to get the popcorn...
>
>/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 
>
>Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 
>
>They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
>and sank Manhattan out at sea.
>
>^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
I hope you're not going to flame him.  Please give him the same coutesy you'
ve given me.

Tammy

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53184
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: who are we to judge, Bobby?

In article <1993Apr14.213356.22176@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
>From: snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder )
>Subject: Re: who are we to judge, Bobby?
>Date: Wed, 14 Apr 1993 21:33:56 GMT
>In article <healta.56.734556346@saturn.wwc.edu> healta@saturn.wwc.edu (TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
>>Bobby,
>>
>>I would like to take the liberty to quote from a Christian writer named 
>>Ellen G. White.  I hope that what she said will help you to edit your 
>>remarks in this group in the future.
>>
>>"Do not set yourself as a standard.  Do not make your opinions, your views 
>>of duty, your interpretations of scripture, a criterion for others and in 
>>your heart condemn them if they do not come up to your ideal."
>>                         Thoughts Fromthe Mount of Blessing p. 124
>>
>>I hope quoting this doesn't make the atheists gag, but I think Ellen White 
>>put it better than I could.
>> 
>>Tammy
>
>Point?
>
>Peace,
>
>Bobby Mozumder
>
My point is that you set up your views as the only way to believe.  Saying 
that all eveil in this world is caused by atheism is ridiculous and 
counterproductive to dialogue in this newsgroups.  I see in your posts a 
spirit of condemnation of the atheists in this newsgroup bacause they don'
t believe exactly as you do.  If you're here to try to convert the atheists 
here, you're failing miserably.  Who wants to be in position of constantly 
defending themselves agaist insulting attacks, like you seem to like to do?!
I'm sorry you're so blind that you didn't get the messgae in the quote, 
everyone else has seemed to.

Tammy

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53185
From: rush@leland.Stanford.EDU (Voelkerding)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

In article <11812@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>In article <1993Apr14.205414.3982@leland.Stanford.EDU> rush@leland.Stanford.EDU (Voelkerding) writes:
>>
>>If we worry about the one case in 20,000 (or more) where an innocent man is
>>convicted of something horrible enough to warrant the death penalty,  and
>>hence put laws into place which make it virtually impossible to actually
>>execute real criminals,  then the death penalty is not serving its original
>>purpose.  It should either be changed or done away with.
>>
>
>  I don't have numbers to back this up, so take the following
>  accordingly.
>
>  You use an off-the-cuff number of 1 in 20,000 innocent people
>  sentenced to die as an acceptable loss for the benefit of capital
>  punishment.  I'd be very, very surprised if the ratio were that
>  low.  There have been approximately a dozen known cases of the
>  execution of the innocent in the US since the turn of the century.
>  Have we in that same period sentenced 240,000 people to death?
>  Accounting for those cases that we don't know the truth, it seems
>  reasonable to assume that twice that many innocent people have in
>  fact been executed.  That would raise the number of death
>  sentences metered out since 1900 to half a million for your
>  acceptance ratio to hold.  I rather doubt that's the case.
>
>
>  The point, of course, is what *is* an acceptable loss.  1 in
>  10,000?  Seems we're probably not doing even that well.  1 in 100?
>  1 in 2?  Or should we perhaps find a better solution?
>
>/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 
>
>Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 
>

Any suggestions as to what a better solution might be?  I realize the
off-hand nature of the numbers I used.  And I can't answer as to what
an acceptable loss rate is.  However,  as I said in another post,  I
despise the idea of supporting criminals for life.  It's the economics
of the situation that concern me most.  The money spent feeding, clothing,
housing and taking care of people who have demonstrated that they are
unfit to live in society could go to a number of places,  all of which
I, and probably others,  would consider far more worthwhile and which
would enrish the lives of all Americans.  Give people jobs,  give the
homeless shelter.  Any number of things.

Clyde


-- 
Little girls,  like butterflies, don't need a reason!
					- Robert Heinlein

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53186
From: ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au (Jeffrey Clark)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.

Or he was just convinced by religious fantasies of the time that he was the
Messiah, or he was just some rebel leader that an organisation of Jews built
into Godhood for the purpose off throwing of the yoke of Roman oppression,
or.......

>	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
>die for a lie? 

Are the Moslem fanatics who strap bombs to their backs and driving into
Jewish embassies dying for the truth (hint: they think they are)? Were the
NAZI soldiers in WWII dying for the truth? 

People die for lies all the time.


>Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 

Was Hitler a liar? How about Napoleon, Mussolini, Ronald Reagan? We spend
millions of dollars a year trying to find techniques to detect lying? So the
answer is no, they wouldn't be able to tell if he was a liar if he only lied
about some things.

>gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
>someone who was or had been healed.  Call me a fool, but I believe he did 
>heal people.  

Why do you think he healed people, because the Bible says so? But if God
doesn't exist (the other possibility) then the Bible is not divinely
inspired and one can't use it as a piece of evidence, as it was written by
unbiased observers.

>	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
>to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 

Were Hitler or Mussolini lunatics? How about Genghis Khan, Jim Jones...
there are thousands of examples through history of people being drawn to
lunatics.

>anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
>this right away.
>	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
>real thing.  

So we obviously cannot rule out liar or lunatic not to mention all the other
possibilities not given in this triad.

>	Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
>the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.  This in his betrayal 

Possibly self-fulfilling prophecy (ie he was aware what he should do in
order to fulfil these prophecies), possibly selective diting on behalf of
those keepers of the holy bible for a thousand years or so before the
general; public had access. possibly also that the text is written in such
riddles (like Nostradamus) that anything that happens can be twisted to fit
the words of raving fictional 'prophecy'.

>and Crucifixion.  I don't have my Bible with me at this moment, next time I 
>write I will use it.
             [stuff about how hard it is to be a christian deleted]

I severely recommend you reconsider the reasons you are a christian, they
are very unconvincing to an unbiased observer.

Jeff.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53187
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1ql0ajINN2kj@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
|> 
|> >>But chimps are almost human...
|> >Does this mean that Chimps have a moral will?
|> 
|> Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
|> as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.

Ah, the verb "to must".   I was warned about that one back
in Kindergarten.

So, why "must" they have such laws?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53188
From: house@helios.usq.EDU.AU (ron house)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 

I _know_ I shouldn't get involved, but...   :-)

[bit deleted]

>	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.
>	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
>die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 
>gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
>someone who was or had been healed.  Call me a fool, but I believe he did 
>heal people.  
>	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
>to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
>anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
>this right away.
>	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
>real thing.  

Righto, DAN, try this one with your Cornflakes...

The book says that Muhammad was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
modern day Mad Mahdi) or he was actually who he said he was.
Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 
gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
how his son-in-law made the sun stand still.  Call me a fool, but I believe 
he did make the sun stand still.  
Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
anyone who is drawn to the Mad Mahdi is obviously a fool, logical people see 
this right away.
Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
real thing.  

--

Ron House.                 USQ
(house@helios.usq.edu.au)  Toowoomba, Australia.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53190
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <115565@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> In article <1qi3l5$jkj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >I hope an Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI, which
|> >ripped off so many small depositors among the Muslim
|> >community in the Uk and elsewhere.
|> 
|> >jon.
|> 
|> Grow up, childish propagandist.

Gregg, I'm really sorry if having it pointed out that in practice
things aren't quite the wonderful utopia you folks seem to claim
them to be upsets you, but exactly who is being childish here is 
open to question.

BBCI was an example of an Islamically owned and operated bank -
what will someone bet me they weren't "real" Islamic owners and
operators? - and yet it actually turned out to be a long-running
and quite ruthless operation to steal money from small and often
quite naive depositors.

And why did these naive depositors put their life savings into
BCCI rather than the nasty interest-motivated western bank down
the street?   Could it be that they believed an Islamically owned 
and operated bank couldn't possibly cheat them? 

So please don't try to con us into thinking that it will all 
work out right next time.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53191
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql5snINN4vm@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >>So, you are saying that it isn't possible for an instinctive act
|> >>to be moral one?
|> >
|> >I like to think that many things are possible.   Explain to me
|> >how instinctive acts can be moral acts, and I am happy to listen.
|> 
|> For example, if it were instinctive not to murder...

Then not murdering would have no moral significance, since there
would be nothing voluntary about it.

|> 
|> >>That is, in order for an act to be an act of morality,
|> >>the person must consider the immoral action but then disregard 
|> >>it?
|> >
|> >Weaker than that.   There must be the possibility that the
|> >organism - it's not just people we are talking about - can
|> >consider alternatives.
|> 
|> So, only intelligent beings can be moral, even if the bahavior of other
|> beings mimics theirs?

You are starting to get the point.   Mimicry is not necessarily the 
same as the action being imitated.   A Parrot saying "Pretty Polly" 
isn't necessarily commenting on the pulchritude of Polly.

|> And, how much emphasis do you place on intelligence?

See above.

|> Animals of the same species could kill each other arbitarily, but 
|> they don't.

They do.   I and other posters have given you many examples of exactly
this, but you seem to have a very short memory.

|> Are you trying to say that this isn't an act of morality because
|> most animals aren't intelligent enough to think like we do?

I'm saying:

	"There must be the possibility that the organism - it's not 
	just people we are talking about - can consider alternatives."

It's right there in the posting you are replying to.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53192
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Moraltiy? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>>>What if I act morally for no particular reason?  Then am I moral?  What
>>>>if morality is instinctive, as in most animals?
>>>Saying that morality is instinctive in animals is an attempt to 
>>>assume your conclusion.
>>Which conclusion?
>You conclusion - correct me if I err - that the behaviour which is
>instinctive in animals is a "natural" moral system.

See, we are disagreeing on the definition of moral here.  Earlier, you said
that it must be a conscious act.  By your definition, no instinctive
behavior pattern could be an act of morality.  You are trying to apply
human terms to non-humans.  I think that even if someone is not conscious
of an alternative, this does not prevent his behavior from being moral.

>>You don't think that morality is a behavior pattern?  What is human
>>morality?  A moral action is one that is consistent with a given
>>pattern.  That is, we enforce a certain behavior as moral.
>You keep getting this backwards.  *You* are trying to show that
>the behaviour pattern is a morality.  Whether morality is a behavior 
>pattern is irrelevant, since there can be behavior pattern, for
>example the motions of the planets, that most (all?) people would
>not call a morality.

I try to show it, but by your definition, it can't be shown.

And, morality can be thought of a large class of princples.  It could be
defined in terms of many things--the laws of physics if you wish.  However,
it seems silly to talk of a "moral" planet because it obeys the laws of
phyics.  It is less silly to talk about animals, as they have at least
some free will.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53193
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>This whole thread started because of a discussion about whether
>>or not the death penalty constituted cruel punishment, which is forbidden
>>by the US Constitution.
>Yes, but they didn't say what they meant by "cruel", which is why
>a) you have the Supreme Court, and b) it makes no sense to refer
>to the Constitution, which is quite silent on the meaning of the
>word "cruel".

They spent quite a bit of time on the wording of the Constitution.  They
picked words whose meanings implied the intent.  We have already looked
in the dictionary to define the word.  Isn't this sufficient?

>>Oh, but we were discussing the death penalty (and that discussion
>>resulted from the one about murder which resulted from an intial
>>discussion about objective morality--so this is already three times
>>removed from the morality discussion).
>Actually, we were discussing the mening of the word "cruel" and
>the US Constitution says nothing about that.

But we were discussing it in relation to the death penalty.  And, the
Constitution need not define each of the words within.  Anyone who doesn't
know what cruel is can look in the dictionary (and we did).

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53194
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:

>>No, that's just what you thought the theory meant.  While all humans
>>are generally capable of overpowering their instincts, it does not
>>follow that those who do this often are necessarily more intelligent.
>Ok, so why aren't animals "generally capable of overpowering their instincts"?

Good question.  I'm sure some biologist could answer better than I,
but animals brains are just set up differently.

Animals *can* be trained, but if they're instincts serve them well, there is
no reason to contradict them.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53195
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql667INN54a@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >I don't expect the lion to know, or not know anything of the kind.
|> >In fact, I don't have any evidence that lions ever consider such 
|> >issues.
|> >And that, of course, is why I don't think you can assign moral
|> >significance to the instinctive behaviour of lions.
|> 
|> What I've been saying is that moral behavior is likely the null behavior.
|> That is, it doesn't take much work to be moral, but it certainly does to
|> be immoral (in some cases).

That's the craziest thing I ever heard.   Are you serious?

	"it doesn't take much work to be moral?"

|> Also, I've said that morality is a remnant of evolution.  

Really?   And that's why people discuss morality on a daily basis?
Because it's a kind of evolutionary hangover, like your little toe?

|> Our moral system is based on concepts well practiced in the animal 
|> kingdom.

This must be some novel use of the phrase "based on" with which I
am not sufficiently familiar.    What do you mean by "based on" and 
what is the significance of it for your argument?

|> 
|> >>So you are basically saying that you think a "moral" is an undefinable
|> >>term, and that "moral systems" don't exist?  If we can't agree on a
|> >>definition of these terms, then how can we hope to discuss them?
|> >
|> >No, it's perfectly clear that I am saying that I know what a moral
|> >is in *my* system, but that I can't speak for other people.
|> 
|> But, this doesn't get us anywhere.  Your particular beliefs are irrelevant
|> unless you can share them or discuss them...

Well, we can.   What would you like to know about my particular moral
beliefs?

If you raise a topic I've never considered, I'll be quite happy to 
invent a moral belief out of thin air.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53196
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

In article <1ql6jiINN5df@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
|> 
|> >>Look, I'm not the one that made those Nazi comparisons.  Other people
|> >>compared what the religious people are doing now to Nazi Germany.  They
|> >>have said that it started out with little things (but no one really knew
|> >>about any of these "little" things, strangely enough) and grew to bigger
|> >>things.  They said that the motto is but one of the little things 
|> >You just contradicted yourself.  The motto is one of those little things that
|> >nobody has bothered mentiopning to you, huh?
|> 
|> The "`little' things" above were in reference to Germany, clearly.  People
|> said that there were similar things in Germany, but no one could name any.
|> They said that these were things that everyone should know, and that they
|> weren't going to waste their time repeating them.  Sounds to me like no one
|> knew, either.  I looked in some books, but to no avail.

That's not true.    I gave you two examples.   One was the rather
pevasive anti-semitism in German Christianity well before Hitler
arrived.   The other was the system of social ranks that were used
in Imperail Germany and Austria to distinguish Jews from the rest 
of the population.

Neither of these were very terrible in themselves, but both helped
to set a psychology in which the gradual disenfranchisement of Jews
was made easier.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53197
From: Patrick C Leger <pl1u+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

Excerpts from netnews.alt.atheism: 15-Apr-93 Re: thoughts on christians
by Dave Fuller@portal.hq.vi 
>    I'm sick of religious types being pampered, looked out for, and WORST
> OF ALL . . . . respected more than atheists. There must be an end
> in sight.
>  
I think it'd help if we got a couple good atheists (or even some good,
steadfast agnostics) in some high political offices.  When was the last
time we had an (openly) atheist president?  Have we ever?  (I don't
actually know; these aren't rhetorical questions.)  How 'bout some
Supreme court justices?  

One thing that really ticked me off a while ago was an ad for a news
program on a local station...The promo said something like "Who are
these cults, and why do they prey on the young?"  Ahem.  EVER HEAR OF
BAPTISM AT BIRTH?  If that isn't preying on the young, I don't know what
is...

I used to be (ack, barf) a Catholic, and was even confirmed...Shortly
thereafter I decided it was a load of BS.  My mom, who really insisted
that I continue to go to church, felt it was her duty (!) to bring me up
as a believer!  That was one of the more presumptuous things I've heard
in my life.  I suggested we go talk to the priest, and she agreed.  The
priest was amazingly cool about it...He basically said that if I didn't
believe it, there was no good in forcing it on me.  Actually, I guess he
wasn't amazingly cool about it--His response is what you'd hope for
(indeed, expect) from a human being.  I s'pose I just _didn't_ expect
it...  

I find it absurd that religion exists; Yet, I can also see its
usefulness to people.  Facing up to the fact that you're just going to
be worm food in a few decades, and that there isn't some cosmic purpose
to humanity and the universe, can be pretty difficult for some people. 
Having a readily-available, pre-digested solution to this is pretty
attractive, if you're either a) gullible enough, b) willing to suspend
your reasoning abilities for the piece of mind, or c) have had the stuff
rammed down your throat for as long as you can remember.  Religion in
general provides a nice patch for some human weaknesses; Organized
religion provides a nice way to keep a population under control.  

Blech.

Chris


----------------------
Chris Leger
Sophomore, Carnegie Mellon Computer Engineering
Remember...if you don't like what somebody is saying, you can always
ignore them!


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53198
From: Patrick C Leger <pl1u+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: It's all Mary's fault!

You know, it just occurred to me today that this whole Christian thing
can be blamed solely on Mary.

So, she's married to Joseph.  She gets knocked up.  What do you think
ol' Joe will do if he finds she's been getting around?  So Mary comes up
with this ridiculous story about God making her pregnant.  Actually, it
can't be all THAT ridiculous, considering the number of people that
believe it.  Anyway, she never tells anyone the truth, and even tells
poor little Jesus that he's hot shit, the Son of God.  Everyone else
tells him this too, since they've bought Mary's story.  So, what does
Mary actually turn out to be?  An adultress and a liar, and the cause of
mankind's greatest folly...

Just my recently-minted two cents.

Chris

----------------------
Chris Leger
Sophomore, Carnegie Mellon Computer Engineering
Remember...if you don't like what somebody is saying, you can always
ignore them!


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53199
From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: Rawlins debunks creationism

In article <1993Apr15.223844.16453@rambo.atlanta.dg.com>,
wpr@atlanta.dg.com (Bill Rawlins) wrote:
> 
>     We are talking about origins, not merely science.   Science cannot
>     explain origins.  For a person to exclude anything but science from
>     the issue of origins is to say that there is no higher truth
>     than science.  This is a false premise.

Says who? Other than a hear-say god.

>     By the way, I enjoy science.

You sure don't understand it.

>     It is truly a wonder observing God's creation.  Macroevolution is
>     a mixture of 15 percent science and 85 percent religion [guaranteed
>     within three percent error :) ]

Bill, I hereby award you the Golden Shovel Award for the biggist pile of
bullshit I've seen in a whils. I'm afraid there's not a bit of religion in
macroevolution, and you've made a rather grand statement that Science can
not explain origins; to a large extent, it already has!

>             //  Bill Rawlins            <wpr@atlanta.dg.com>        //

Peter W. Walker          "Yu, shall I tell you what knowledge is? When 
Dept. of Space Physics    you know a thing, say that you know it. When 
   and Astronomy          you do not know a thing, admit you do not know
Rice University           it. This is knowledge."
Houston, TX                     - K'ung-fu Tzu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53201
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.

Well, this is alt.atheism.  I hope you arent here to try to convert anyone.

>It makes sense to be one.

Many would disagree.

[...]
>The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.

Well, you shouldn't give any particular book too much weight.  Actually,
I don't think that any of these statements is correct.  It is more likely
that most of Jesus' fame was attributed to him after his death by those
who had some strong motives...

[...]
>Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
>the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.

What's a prophecy, and what's so significant about them?

>I don't think most people understand what a Christian is.

I think we understand.

>It is certainly not what I see a lot in churches.  Rather I think it 
>should be a way of life, and a total sacrafice of everything for God's 
>sake.

Well, sell your computer and donate you life to your religion now...
Don't waste any time.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53203
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1qkq9t$66n@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:

>I'll take a wild guess and say Freedom is objectively valuable.  I base
>this on the assumption that if everyone in the world were deprived utterly
>of their freedom (so that their every act was contrary to their volition),
>almost all would want to complain.  Therefore I take it that to assert or
>believe that "Freedom is not very valuable", when almost everyone can see
>that it is, is every bit as absurd as to assert "it is not raining" on
>a rainy day.  I take this to be a candidate for an objective value, and it
>it is a necessary condition for objective morality that objective values
>such as this exist.

	You have only shown that a vast majority ( if not all ) would
agree to this. However, there is nothing against a subjective majority.

	In any event, I must challenge your assertion. I know many 
societies- heck, many US citizens- willing to trade freedom for "security".


--- 

        " Whatever promises that have been made can than be broken. "

        John Laws, a man without the honor to keep his given word.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53208
From: chrisb@seachg.com (Chris Blask)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
>In article <1993Apr7.163445.1203@wam.umd.edu> west@next02.wam.umd.edu writes:
>>> >> And belief causes far more horrors.
>>> >> Crusades, 
>>> >> the emasculation and internment of Native Americans,  
>>> >> the killing of various tribes in South America.
>>> >-the Inquisition
>>> >-the Counter-reformation and the wars that followed
>>> >-the Salem witch trials
>>> >-the European witch hunts
>>> >-the holy wars of the middle east
>>> >-the colonization/destruction of Africa
>>> >-the wars between Christianity and Islam (post crusade)
>>> >-the genocide (biblical) of the Canaanites and Philistines
>>> >-Aryian invasion of India
>>> >-the attempted genocide of Jews by Nazi Germany
>>> >-the current missionary assaults on tribes in Africa
>>> 
>>> I think all the horrors you mentioned are due to *lack* of people
>>> following religion.
.d.
>By lack of people following religion I also include fanatics- people
>that don't know what they are following.
.d.
>So how do you know that you were right?
>Why are you trying to shove down my throat that religion causes horrors.
>It really covers yourself- something false to save yourself.
>
>Peace,
>
>Bobby Mozumder
>
I just thought of another one, in the Bible, so it's definately not because
of *lack* of religion.  The Book of Esther (which I read the other day for
other reasons) describes the origin of Pur'im, a Jewish celbration of joy
and peace.  The long and short of the story is that 75,000 people were
killed when people were tripping over all of the peacefull solutions 
lying about (you couldn't swing a sacred cow without slammin into a nice,
peaceful solution.)  'Course Joshua and the jawbone of an ass spring to
mind...

I agree with Bobby this far: religion as it is used to kill large numbers
of people is usually not used in the form or manner that it was originally
intended for.

That doesn't reduce the number of deaths directly caused by religion, it is
just a minor observation of the fact that there is almost nothing pure in
the Universe.  The very act of honestly attempting to find true meaning in
religious teaching has many times inspired hatred and led to war.  Many
people have been led by religious leaders more involved in their own
stomache-contentsthan in any absolute truth, and have therefore been driven to
kill by their leaders.

The point is that there are many things involved in religion that often
lead to war.  Whether these things are a part of religion, an unpleasant
side effect or (as Bobby would have it) the result of people switching
between Religion and Atheism spontaneously, the results are the same.  

@Religious groups have long been involved in the majority of the bloodiest
parts of Man's history.@

Atheists, on the other hand (preen,preen) are typically not an ideological
social caste, nor are they driven to organize and spread their beliefs.
The overuse of Nazism and Stalinism just show how true this is:  Two groups
with very clear and specific ideologies using religious persecution to
further their means.  Anyone who cannot see the obvious - namely that these
were groups founded for reasons *entirely* their own, who used religious
persecution not because of any belief system but because it made them more
powerfull - is trying too hard.  Basically, Bobby uses these examples
because there are so few wars that were *not* *specifically* fought over
religion that he does not have many choices.

Well, I'm off to Key West where the only flames are heating the bottom of
little silver butter-dishes.

-ciao

-chris blask

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53209
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql7utINN5sg@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >I want to know how this omniscient being is going to perform
|> >the feat of "definitely" terming actions right or wrong.
|> 
|> If you were omniscient, you'd know who exactly did what, and with what
|> purpose in mind.  Then, with a particular goal in mind, you sould be
|> able to methodically judge whether or not this action was in accordance
|> with the general goal.

But now you are contradicting yourself in a pretty massive way,
and I don't think you've even noticed.

In another part of this thread, you've been telling us that the
"goal" of a natural morality is what animals do to survive.

But suppose that your omniscient being told you that the long
term survival of humanity requires us to exterminate some 
other species, either terrestrial or alien.

Does that make it moral to do so?

jon. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53210
From: Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

In article <1ql71pINN5ef@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan
Schneider) says:
>
>Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
>
>>Sure, they may fall back on other things, but this is one they
>>should not have available to use.
>
>It is worse than others?  The National Anthem?  Should it be changed too?
>God Bless America?  The list goes on...

Worse?  Maybe not, but it is definately a violation of the
rules the US govt. supposedly follows.  Maybe the others
should be changed to?  But I'm not personally as concerned
about the anthem since I don't come across it in daily
nearly unavoidable routines.

>>every christian.  And I'd be tempted to rub that motto in the
>>face of christians when debunking their standard motto slinging
>>gets boring.
>
>Then you'd be no better than the people you despise.

I don't despise the people...just their opinions.  I meant
when chatting with the ones who refuse to listen to any idea
other than their own...then it just becomes an exercise for
amusement.

>[...]
>>For the motto to be legitimate, it would have to read:
>>   "In god, gods, or godlessness we trust"
>
>Would you approve of such a motto?

No.  ...not unless the only way to get rid of the current one
was to change it to such as that.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53211
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Moraltiy? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql8ekINN635@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >>>>What if I act morally for no particular reason?  Then am I moral?  What
|> >>>>if morality is instinctive, as in most animals?
|> >>>
|> >>>Saying that morality is instinctive in animals is an attempt to 
|> >>>assume your conclusion.
|> >>
|> >>Which conclusion?
|> >
|> >You conclusion - correct me if I err - that the behaviour which is
|> >instinctive in animals is a "natural" moral system.
|> 
|> See, we are disagreeing on the definition of moral here.  Earlier, you said
|> that it must be a conscious act.  By your definition, no instinctive
|> behavior pattern could be an act of morality.  You are trying to apply
|> human terms to non-humans.

Pardon me?   *I* am trying to apply human terms to non-humans?

I think there must be some confusion here.   I'm the guy who is
saying that if animal behaviour is instinctive then it does *not*
have any moral sugnificance.   How does refusing to apply human
terms to animals get turned into applying human terms?

|> I think that even if someone is not conscious of an alternative, 
|> this does not prevent his behavior from being moral.

I'm sure you do think this, if you say so.   How about trying to
convince me?

|> 
|> >>You don't think that morality is a behavior pattern?  What is human
|> >>morality?  A moral action is one that is consistent with a given
|> >>pattern.  That is, we enforce a certain behavior as moral.
|> >
|> >You keep getting this backwards.  *You* are trying to show that
|> >the behaviour pattern is a morality.  Whether morality is a behavior 
|> >pattern is irrelevant, since there can be behavior pattern, for
|> >example the motions of the planets, that most (all?) people would
|> >not call a morality.
|> 
|> I try to show it, but by your definition, it can't be shown.

I've offered, four times, I think, to accept your definition if
you allow me to ascribe moral significence to the orbital motion
of the planets.

|> 
|> And, morality can be thought of a large class of princples.  It could be
|> defined in terms of many things--the laws of physics if you wish.  However,
|> it seems silly to talk of a "moral" planet because it obeys the laws of
|> phyics.  It is less silly to talk about animals, as they have at least
|> some free will.

Ah, the law of "silly" and "less silly".   what Mr Livesey finds 
intuitive is "silly" but what Mr Schneider finds intuitive is "less 
silly".

Now that's a devastating argument, isn't it.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53212
From: jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <115571@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>In article <2BCC892B.21864@ics.uci.edu> bvickers@ics.uci.edu (Brett J. Vickers) writes:
>
>>In article <115290@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>
>>>Well, seeing as you are not muslim the sort of fatwa issued by Khomeini
>>>would not be relevant to you. I can understand your fear of persecution
>>>and I share it even more than you (being muslim), however Rushdie's
>>>behavior was not completely excusable.

As much as I considered some of the (so-called) Islam-related dialogue
here a total waste of time, I somehow can't restrain myself in this
instance, so, Gregg, try this:

20:52 P.S.T.  I come to my senses and accept the all-knowing
wisdom and power of the Quran and Allah.  Not only that, but Allah 
himself drops by to congratulate me on my wise choice. Allah rolls a
few bones and we get down.  Then Allah gets out the Crisco, bends 
over, and invites me to take a spin around the block.  Wow.

20:56 P.S.T.  I realize that maybe Allah is looking for more of a 
commitment than I'm ready for, so I say "Man, I've got some
programming to do.  Gotta go.  I'll call you."

20:59 P.S.T   Thinking it over, I renounce Islam.

BTW, Gregg, Allah said he still thinks of you.

Jim


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53213
From: mas@Cadence.COM (Masud Khan)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <16BAFA9D9.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
> 
> 
>Yes, but, fortunately, religions have been replaced by systems
>that value Human Rights higher.

Secular laws seem to value criminal life more than the victims life,
Islam places the rights of society and every member in it above 
the rights of the individual, this is what I call true human rights.

> 
>By the way, do you actually support the claim of precedence of Islamic
>Law? In case you do, what about the laws of other religions?

As a Muslim living in a non-Muslim land I am bound by the laws of the land
I live in, but I do not disregard Islamic Law it still remains a part of my 
life. If the laws of a land conflict with my religion to such an extent
that I am prevented from being allowed to practise my religion then I must 
leave the land. So in a way Islamic law does take precendence over secular law
but we are instructed to follow the laws of the land that we live in too.

In an Islamic state (one ruled by a Khaliphate) religions other than Islam
are allowed to rule by their own religious laws provided they don't affect
the genral population and don't come into direct conflict with state 
laws, Dhimmis (non-Muslim population) are exempt from most Islamic laws
on religion, such as fighting in a Jihad, giving Zakat (alms giving)
etc but are given the benefit of these two acts such as Military
protection and if they are poor they will receive Zakat.

> 
>If not, what has it got to do with Rushdie? And has anyone reliable
>information if he hadn't left Islam according to Islamic law?
>Or is the burden of proof on him?
>   Benedikt

After the Fatwa didn't Rushdie re-affirm his faith in Islam, didn't
he go thru' a very public "conversion" to Islam? If so he is binding
himself to Islamic Laws. He has to publicly renounce in his belief in Islam
so the burden is on him.

Mas


-- 
C I T I Z E N  +-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-+
_____   _____  | C A D E N C E  D E S I G N  S Y S T E M S  Inc. |
     \_/       | Masud Ahmed Khan mas@cadence.com All My Opinions|
_____/ \_____  +-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-+

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53214
From: mas@Cadence.COM (Masud Khan)
Subject: Re: Slavery (was Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: ...)

In article <1993Apr12.124221.22592@bradford.ac.uk> L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham) writes:
>
>Oh, this all sounds so nice!  Everyone helping each other and always smiling
>and fluffy bunnies everywhere.  Wake up!  People are just not like that.  It
>seems evident from history that no society has succeeded when it had to rely
>upon the goodwill and unselfishness of the people.  Isn't it obvious from
>places like Iran that even if there are only a few greedy people in society
>then they are going to be attracted to positions of power?  Sounds like a
>recipe for disaster.
>
>-- 
>
>Leonard               e-mail:  L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk

Leonard, I'll give you an example of this....

My father recently bought a business, the business price was 150,000 pounds
and my father approached the people in the community for help, he raised
60,000 pounds in interest free loans from friends and relatives and 
Muslims he knew, 50,000 had cash and the rest he got a business loan, after
paying off the Muslim lenders many of them helped him with further loans
to help him clear the bank debt and save him from further intrest, this
is an example of a Muslim community helping one another, why did they help
because of their common identity as Muslims. In turn my father has helped
with people buying houses to minimise the amount of intrest they pay 
and in some cases buy houses intrest free with the help of those more
fortunate in the community. 

The fact is Leonard it DOES work without a fluffy bunny in sight!
iThat is the beauty of Islam.

Mas


-- 
C I T I Z E N  +-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-+
_____   _____  | C A D E N C E  D E S I G N  S Y S T E M S  Inc. |
     \_/       | Masud Ahmed Khan mas@cadence.com All My Opinions|
_____/ \_____  +-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-+

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53215
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:

>>>Sure, they may fall back on other things, but this is one they
>>>should not have available to use.
>>It is worse than others?
>Worse?  Maybe not, but it is definately a violation of the
>rules the US govt. supposedly follows.

Oh?

>>>For the motto to be legitimate, it would have to read:
>>>   "In god, gods, or godlessness we trust"
>>Would you approve of such a motto?
>No.  ...not unless the only way to get rid of the current one
>was to change it to such as that.

What is wrong with *this* motto, now?  If you wouldn't approve of
even that one, I am beginning to think that you just have something
against mottos in general.  What do you think of "E plurbis unum?"

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53216
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

[...]
>>The "`little' things" above were in reference to Germany, clearly.  People
>>said that there were similar things in Germany, but no one could name any.
>That's not true.  I gave you two examples.  One was the rather
>pevasive anti-semitism in German Christianity well before Hitler
>arrived.  The other was the system of social ranks that were used
>in Imperail Germany and Austria to distinguish Jews from the rest 
>of the population.

These don't seem like "little things" to me.  At least, they are orders
worse than the motto.  Do you think that the motto is a "little thing"
that will lead to worse things?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53217
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>>Explain to me
>>>how instinctive acts can be moral acts, and I am happy to listen.
>>For example, if it were instinctive not to murder...
>Then not murdering would have no moral significance, since there
>would be nothing voluntary about it.

See, there you go again, saying that a moral act is only significant
if it is "voluntary."  Why do you think this?

And anyway, humans have the ability to disregard some of their instincts.

>>So, only intelligent beings can be moral, even if the bahavior of other
>>beings mimics theirs?
>You are starting to get the point.  Mimicry is not necessarily the 
>same as the action being imitated.  A Parrot saying "Pretty Polly" 
>isn't necessarily commenting on the pulchritude of Polly.

You are attaching too many things to the term "moral," I think.
Let's try this:  is it "good" that animals of the same species
don't kill each other.  Or, do you think this is right? 

Or do you think that animals are machines, and that nothing they do
is either right nor wrong?


>>Animals of the same species could kill each other arbitarily, but 
>>they don't.
>They do.  I and other posters have given you many examples of exactly
>this, but you seem to have a very short memory.

Those weren't arbitrary killings.  They were slayings related to some sort
of mating ritual or whatnot.

>>Are you trying to say that this isn't an act of morality because
>>most animals aren't intelligent enough to think like we do?
>I'm saying:
>	"There must be the possibility that the organism - it's not 
>	just people we are talking about - can consider alternatives."
>It's right there in the posting you are replying to.

Yes it was, but I still don't understand your distinctions.  What
do you mean by "consider?"  Can a small child be moral?  How about
a gorilla?  A dolphin?  A platypus?  Where is the line drawn?  Does
the being need to be self aware?

What *do* you call the mechanism which seems to prevent animals of
the same species from (arbitrarily) killing each other?  Don't
you find the fact that they don't at all significant?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53218
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>In another part of this thread, you've been telling us that the
>"goal" of a natural morality is what animals do to survive.

That's right.  Humans have gone somewhat beyond this though.  Perhaps
our goal is one of self-actualization.

>But suppose that your omniscient being told you that the long
>term survival of humanity requires us to exterminate some 
>other species, either terrestrial or alien.

Now you are letting an omniscient being give information to me.  This
was not part of the original premise.

>Does that make it moral to do so?

Which type of morality are you talking about?  In a natural sense, it
is not at all immoral to harm another species (as long as it doesn't
adversely affect your own, I guess).

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53219
From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: New Member

jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only) writes:
> Welcome.  I am the official keeper of the list of nicknames that people
> are known by on alt.atheism (didn't know we had such a list, did you).
> Your have been awarded the nickname of "Buckminster."  So the next time
> you post an article, sign with your nickname like so:
> Dave "Buckminster" Fuller.  Thanks again.
> 
> Jim "Humor means never having to say you're sorry" Copeland

Of course, the list has to agree with the nickname laws laid down by the
GIPU almost 2000 years ago (you know... the 9 of them that were written on
the iron tablets that melted once and had to be reinscribed?).  Since I am
a prophet of the GIPU I decree that you should post the whole list of
nicknames for the frequent posters here!

Nanci

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53220
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
>>as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.
>So, why "must" they have such laws?

The quotation marks should enclose "laws," not "must."

If there were no such rules, even instinctive ones or unwritten ones,
etc., then surely some sort of random chance would lead a chimp society
into chaos.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53221
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

In article <1qlef4INN8dn@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> [...]
|> >>The "`little' things" above were in reference to Germany, clearly.  People
|> >>said that there were similar things in Germany, but no one could name any.
|> >That's not true.  I gave you two examples.  One was the rather
|> >pevasive anti-semitism in German Christianity well before Hitler
|> >arrived.  The other was the system of social ranks that were used
|> >in Imperail Germany and Austria to distinguish Jews from the rest 
|> >of the population.
|> 
|> These don't seem like "little things" to me.  At least, they are orders
|> worse than the motto.  Do you think that the motto is a "little thing"
|> that will lead to worse things?

You don't think these are little things because with twenty-twenty
hindsight, you know what they led to.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53222
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1qlf7gINN8sn@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >In another part of this thread, you've been telling us that the
|> >"goal" of a natural morality is what animals do to survive.
|> 
|> That's right.  Humans have gone somewhat beyond this though.  Perhaps
|> our goal is one of self-actualization.

Humans have "gone somewhat beyond" what, exactly?    In one thread
you're telling us that natural morality is what animals do to
survive, and in this thread you are claiming that an omniscient
being can "definitely" say what is right and what is wrong.   So
what does this omniscient being use for a criterion?   The long-
term survival of the human species, or what?

How does omniscient map into "definitely" being able to assign
"right" and "wrong" to actions?

|> 
|> >But suppose that your omniscient being told you that the long
|> >term survival of humanity requires us to exterminate some 
|> >other species, either terrestrial or alien.
|> 
|> Now you are letting an omniscient being give information to me.  This
|> was not part of the original premise.

Well, your "original premises" have a habit of changing over time,
so perhaps you'd like to review it for us, and tell us what the
difference is between an omniscient being be able to assign "right"
and "wrong" to actions, and telling us the result, is. 

|> 
|> >Does that make it moral to do so?
|> 
|> Which type of morality are you talking about?  In a natural sense, it
|> is not at all immoral to harm another species (as long as it doesn't
|> adversely affect your own, I guess).

I'm talking about the morality introduced by you, which was going to
be implemented by this omniscient being that can "definitely" assign
"right" and "wrong" to actions.

You tell us what type of morality that is.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53223
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Slavery (was Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: ...)

In article <1993Apr15.081303.16532@Cadence.COM>, mas@Cadence.COM (Masud Khan) writes:
|> 
|> Leonard, I'll give you an example of this....
|> 
|> My father recently bought a business, the business price was 150,000 pounds
|> and my father approached the people in the community for help, he raised
|> 60,000 pounds in interest free loans from friends and relatives and 
|> Muslims he knew, 50,000 had cash and the rest he got a business loan, after
|> paying off the Muslim lenders many of them helped him with further loans
|> to help him clear the bank debt and save him from further intrest, this
|> is an example of a Muslim community helping one another, why did they help
|> because of their common identity as Muslims. In turn my father has helped
|> with people buying houses to minimise the amount of intrest they pay 
|> and in some cases buy houses intrest free with the help of those more
|> fortunate in the community. 

Sorry.   Wrong.    This is how banks got started in the first place.
Sooner or later your father and his pals will lend money to someone
who eventually goes broke, and then they will realise that they
havn't been managing risk very well.   Then they will ask themselves
what it is that they need to quantify risk, and to persuade borrowers
not to take on greater loans than they can carry.    And since they
don't all want the worry of doing the calculations and handling the
money, some of them will specialise in that.

Then they'll reinvent interest, but like good Muslims, they'll call
it something else.

|> 
|> The fact is Leonard it DOES work without a fluffy bunny in sight!
|> iThat is the beauty of Islam.

Riiiight.   That's why John Major opened a new government department
a couple of months ago to help to promote minority business.   Because
they can do it all themselves by lending one another cups of sugar.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53224
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1qlettINN8oi@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >>>Explain to me
|> >>>how instinctive acts can be moral acts, and I am happy to listen.
|> >>For example, if it were instinctive not to murder...
|> >
|> >Then not murdering would have no moral significance, since there
|> >would be nothing voluntary about it.
|> 
|> See, there you go again, saying that a moral act is only significant
|> if it is "voluntary."  Why do you think this?

If you force me to do something, am I morally responsible for it?

|> 
|> And anyway, humans have the ability to disregard some of their instincts.

Well, make up your mind.    Is it to be "instinctive not to murder"
or not?

|> 
|> >>So, only intelligent beings can be moral, even if the bahavior of other
|> >>beings mimics theirs?
|> >
|> >You are starting to get the point.  Mimicry is not necessarily the 
|> >same as the action being imitated.  A Parrot saying "Pretty Polly" 
|> >isn't necessarily commenting on the pulchritude of Polly.
|> 
|> You are attaching too many things to the term "moral," I think.
|> Let's try this:  is it "good" that animals of the same species
|> don't kill each other.  Or, do you think this is right? 

It's not even correct.    Animals of the same species do kill
one another.

|> 
|> Or do you think that animals are machines, and that nothing they do
|> is either right nor wrong?

Sigh.   I wonder how many times we have been round this loop.

I think that instinctive bahaviour has no moral significance.
I am quite prepared to believe that higher animals, such as
primates, have the beginnings of a moral sense, since they seem
to exhibit self-awareness.

|> 
|> 
|> >>Animals of the same species could kill each other arbitarily, but 
|> >>they don't.
|> >
|> >They do.  I and other posters have given you many examples of exactly
|> >this, but you seem to have a very short memory.
|> 
|> Those weren't arbitrary killings.  They were slayings related to some 
|> sort of mating ritual or whatnot.

So what?     Are you trying to say that some killing in animals
has a moral significance and some does not?   Is this your
natural morality>


|> 
|> >>Are you trying to say that this isn't an act of morality because
|> >>most animals aren't intelligent enough to think like we do?
|> >
|> >I'm saying:
|> >	"There must be the possibility that the organism - it's not 
|> >	just people we are talking about - can consider alternatives."
|> >
|> >It's right there in the posting you are replying to.
|> 
|> Yes it was, but I still don't understand your distinctions.  What
|> do you mean by "consider?"  Can a small child be moral?  How about
|> a gorilla?  A dolphin?  A platypus?  Where is the line drawn?  Does
|> the being need to be self aware?

Are you blind?   What do you think that this sentence means?

	"There must be the possibility that the organism - it's not 
	just people we are talking about - can consider alternatives."

What would that imply?

|> 
|> What *do* you call the mechanism which seems to prevent animals of
|> the same species from (arbitrarily) killing each other?  Don't
|> you find the fact that they don't at all significant?

I find the fact that they do to be significant. 

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53225
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <C5Jxru.2t8@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>What do you base your belief on atheism on?  Your knowledge and reasoning? 
>COuldn't that be wrong?
>

  Actually, my atheism is based on ignorance.  Ignorance of the
  existence of any god.  Don't fall into the "atheists don't believe
  because of their pride" mistake.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53226
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <115565@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>In article <1qi3l5$jkj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>
>>I hope an Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI, which
>>ripped off so many small depositors among the Muslim
>>community in the Uk and elsewhere.
>
>Grow up, childish propagandist.
>

  Gosh, Gregg.  I'm pretty good a reading between the lines, but
  you've given me precious little to work with in this refutation.
  Could you maybe flesh it out just a bit?  Or did I miss the full
  grandeur of it's content by virtue of my blinding atheism?



/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53228
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql667INN54a@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>
>What I've been saying is that moral behavior is likely the null behavior.

  Do I smell .sig material here?


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53229
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql8mdINN674@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>
>But we were discussing it in relation to the death penalty.  And, the
>Constitution need not define each of the words within.  Anyone who doesn't
>know what cruel is can look in the dictionary (and we did).
>

  Or, with no dictionary available, they could gain first hand
  knowledge by suffering through one of your posts.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53230
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

In article <1ql6jiINN5df@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>
>The "`little' things" above were in reference to Germany, clearly.  People
>said that there were similar things in Germany, but no one could name any.
>They said that these were things that everyone should know, and that they
>weren't going to waste their time repeating them.  Sounds to me like no one
>knew, either.  I looked in some books, but to no avail.

  If the Anne Frank exhibit makes it to your small little world,
  take an afternoon to go see it.  


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53231
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

In article <ofnWyG600WB699voA=@andrew.cmu.edu> pl1u+@andrew.cmu.edu (Patrick C Leger) writes:
>EVER HEAR OF
>BAPTISM AT BIRTH?  If that isn't preying on the young, I don't know what
>is...
>
  
  No, that's praying on the young.  Preying on the young comes
  later, when the bright eyed little altar boy finds out what the
  priest really wears under that chasible.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53232
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1qlfd4INN935@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >>Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
|> >>as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.
|> >
|> >So, why "must" they have such laws?
|> 
|> The quotation marks should enclose "laws," not "must."

Oh, Your Highness?   And exactly why "should" the quotation
marks enclose "laws," not "must."

In case you didn't notice, it's the function of the "must"
that I wish to ironicise.

|> 
|> If there were no such rules, even instinctive ones or unwritten ones,
|> etc., then surely some sort of random chance would lead a chimp society
|> into chaos.

Perhaps the chimps that failed to evolve cooperative behaviour
died out, and we are left with the ones that did evolve such
behaviour, entirely by chance.

Are you going to proclaim a natural morality every time an
organism evolves cooperative behaviour?

What about the natural morality of bee dance?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53235
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>Humans have "gone somewhat beyond" what, exactly?    In one thread
>you're telling us that natural morality is what animals do to
>survive, and in this thread you are claiming that an omniscient
>being can "definitely" say what is right and what is wrong.   So
>what does this omniscient being use for a criterion?   The long-
>term survival of the human species, or what?

Well, that's the question, isn't it?  The goals are probably not all that
obvious.  We can set up a few goals, like happiness and liberty and
the golden rule, etc.  But these goals aren't inherent.  They have to
be defined before an objective system is possible.

>How does omniscient map into "definitely" being able to assign
>"right" and "wrong" to actions?

It is not too difficult, one you have goals in mind, and absolute
knoweldge of everyone's intent, etc.

>>Now you are letting an omniscient being give information to me.  This
>>was not part of the original premise.
>Well, your "original premises" have a habit of changing over time,
>so perhaps you'd like to review it for us, and tell us what the
>difference is between an omniscient being be able to assign "right"
>and "wrong" to actions, and telling us the result, is. 

Omniscience is fine, as long as information is not given away.  Isn't
this the resolution of the free will problem?  An interactive omniscient
being changes the situation.

>>Which type of morality are you talking about?  In a natural sense, it
>>is not at all immoral to harm another species (as long as it doesn't
>>adversely affect your own, I guess).
>I'm talking about the morality introduced by you, which was going to
>be implemented by this omniscient being that can "definitely" assign
>"right" and "wrong" to actions.
>You tell us what type of morality that is.

Well, I was speaking about an objective system in general.  I didn't
mention a specific goal, which would be necessary to determine the
morality of an action.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53237
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Islam is caused by believing (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism)



In article <1993Apr13.173100.29861@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

>>I'm only saying that anything can happen under atheism.  Being a
>>beleiver, a knowledgeable one in religion, only good can happen.

This is becoming a tiresome statement.  Coming from you it is 
a definition, not an assertion:

   Islam is good.  Belief in Islam is good.  Therefore, being a 
   believer in Islam can produce only good...because Islam is
   good. Blah blah blah.

That's about as circular as it gets, and equally meaningless.  To
say that something produces only good because it is only good that 
it produces is nothing more than an unapplied definition.  And
all you're application is saying that it's true if you really 
believe it's true.  That's silly.

Conversely, you say off-handedly that _anything_ can happen under
atheism.  Again, just an offshoot of believe-it-and-it-becomes-true-
don't-believe-it-and-it-doesn't.  

Like other religions I'm aquainted with, Islam teaches exclusion and
caste, and suggests harsh penalties for _behaviors_ that have no
logical call for punishment (certain limits on speech and sex, for
example).  To me this is not good.  I see much pain and suffering
without any justification, except for the _waving of the hand_ of
some inaccessible god.

By the by, you toss around the word knowledgable a bit carelessly.
For what is a _knowledgeable believer_ except a contradiction of
terms.  I infer that you mean believer in terms of having faith.
And If you need knowledge to believe then faith has nothing
to do with it, does it?

-jim halat
   


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53238
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <115288@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>
>He'd have to be precise about is rejection of God and his leaving Islam.
>One is perfectly free to be muslim and to doubt and question the
>existence of God, so long as one does not _reject_ God. I am sure that
>Rushdie has be now made his atheism clear in front of a sufficient 
>number of proper witnesses. The question in regard to the legal issue
>is his status at the time the crime was committed. 


I'd have to say that I have a problem with any organization, 
religious or not, where the idea that _simple speech_ such
as this is the basis for a crime.

-jim halat                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53239
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <30121@ursa.bear.com>, halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
>In article <115288@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>>
>>He'd have to be precise about is rejection of God and his leaving Islam.
>>One is perfectly free to be muslim and to doubt and question the
>>existence of God, so long as one does not _reject_ God. I am sure that
>>Rushdie has be now made his atheism clear in front of a sufficient 
>>number of proper witnesses. The question in regard to the legal issue
>>is his status at the time the crime was committed. 
>

I'll also add that it is impossible to actually tell when one
_rejects_ god.  Therefore, you choose to punish only those who
_talk_ about it.  

>
>-jim halat                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53240
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: A silly question on x-tianity

In article <1993Apr14.175557.20296@daffy.cs.wisc.edu>, mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:

>Sorry to insult your homestate, but coming from where I do, Wisconsin
>is _very_ backwards.  I was never able to understand that people actually
>held such bigoted and backwards views until I came here.

I have never been to Wisconsin, though I have been to
neighbor Minnesota. Being a child of the Middle Atlantic (NY, NJ, PA)
I found that there were few states in the provences that stood
out in this youngster's mind: California, Texas, and Florida to 
name the most obvious three.  However, both Minnesota and Wisconsin
stuck out, solely on the basis of their politics.  Both have 
always translated to extremely liberal and progressive states.
And my recent trip to Minnestoa last summer served to support that
state's reputation.  My guess is that Wisconsin is probably the
same.  At least that was the impression the people of Minnesota left
with me about their neighbors.

The only question in my head about Wisconsin, though, is 
whether or not there is a cause-effect relationship between
cheese and serial killers :)

-jim halat

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53243
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: The nonexistance of Atheists?!

>DATE:   15 Apr 93 19:20:37 EDT
>FROM:   kmagnacca@eagle.wesleyan.edu
>
>In article <bskendigC5JCwx.Jzn@netcom.com>, bskendig@netcom.com (Brian Kendig) writes:
>>
>> [s.c.a quotes deleted]
>> 
>> It really looks like these people have no idea at all of what it means
>> to be atheist.  There are more Bobby Mozumder clones in the world than
>> I thought...
>
>Well, that explains some things; I posted on soc.religion.islam
>with an attached quote by Bobby to the effect that all atheists
>are lying evil scum, and asked if it was a commonly-held idea
>among muslims.  I got no response.  Asking about the unknown,
>I guess...

You should have tried one of the soc.culture groups in the Middle East
or South Asia area (they are a little more open than the Islam channel).  
I think someone defined atheists as polytheists cuz they say we think the 
world created itself (or something like that) so each particle is a God 
which created the other Gods.  The soc.culture.african is also nice for 
some contrasting viewpoints on the benevolence of religion.  Especially 
when Sudan is mentioned.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53248
From: 9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au (The Desert Brat)
Subject: Keith IS a relativist!

In article <1pigidINNsot@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:

> Not so.  If you are thrown into a cage with a tiger and get mauled, do you
> blame the tiger?

AHA! He admits it! He IS a moral relativist!

Keith, if you start wafffling on about how it is different for a human
to maul someone thrown into it's cage (so to speak), you'd better start
posting tome decent evidence or retract your 'I think there is an absolute
morality' blurb a few weeks ago.

> keith

The Desert Brat
-- 
John J McVey, Elc&Eltnc Eng, Whyalla, Uni S Australia,    ________
9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au      T.S.A.K.C.            \/Darwin o\
For replies, mail to whjjm@wh.whyalla.unisa.edu.au      /\________/
Disclaimer: Unisa hates my opinions.                       bb  bb
+------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
|"It doesn't make a rainbow any less beautiful that we | "God's name is smack  |
|understand the refractive mechanisms that chance to   | for some."            |
|produce it." - Jim Perry, perry@dsinc.com             |    - Alice In Chains  |
+------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53249
From: eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (A.Wainwright)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <healta.145.734928689@saturn.wwc.edu>, healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:
|> I hope you're not going to flame him.  Please give him the same coutesy you'
|> ve given me.
|> 
|> Tammy


If a person gives a well-balanced reasoned argument, Tammy, then all are
happy to discuss it with him.  If he makes astounding claims, which are not
backed up with any evidence then he must be expected to substantiate them.
If the original author had said that everything was his own opinion and not
supportable then people would have simply ignored him.  He did not.  He
claimed many things and his logic was seriously flawed.  His argument was for
christianity in an effort to try to convince atheists like myself to believe
him and his message.  I for one will not take things as read.  If you told me
that pink fluffy elephants did the dance of the sugar plum fairy on the dark
side of Jupiter then I would demand evidence!


Adda


-- 
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
|  Adda Wainwright        |    Does dim atal y llanw!         8o)         |
|  eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk |   8o)        Mae .sig 'ma ar werth!           |
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53250
From: lpzsml@unicorn.nott.ac.uk (Steve Lang)
Subject: Re: Objective Values 'v' Scientific Accuracy (was Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is)

In article <C5J718.Jzv@dcs.ed.ac.uk>, tk@dcs.ed.ac.uk (Tommy Kelly) wrote:
> In article <1qjahh$mrs@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
> 
> >Science ("the real world") has its basis in values, not the other way round, 
> >as you would wish it.  
> 
> You must be using 'values' to mean something different from the way I
> see it used normally.
> 
> And you are certainly using 'Science' like that if you equate it to
> "the real world".
> 
> Science is the recognition of patterns in our perceptions of the Universe
> and the making of qualitative and quantitative predictions concerning
> those perceptions.

Science is the process of modeling the real world based on commonly agreed
interpretations of our observations (perceptions).

> It has nothing to do with values as far as I can see.
> Values are ... well they are what I value.
> They are what I would have rather than not have - what I would experience
> rather than not, and so on.

Values can also refer to meaning.  For example in computer science the
value of 1 is TRUE, and 0 is FALSE.  Science is based on commonly agreed
values (interpretation of observations), although science can result in a
reinterpretation of these values.

> Objective values are a set of values which the proposer believes are
> applicable to everyone.

The values underlaying science are not objective since they have never been
fully agreed, and the change with time.  The values of Newtonian physic are
certainly different to those of Quantum Mechanics.

Steve Lang
SLANG->SLING->SLINK->SLICK->SLACK->SHACK->SHANK->THANK->THINK->THICK

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53251
From: 9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au (The Desert Brat)
Subject: Victims of various 'Good Fight's

In article <9454@tekig7.PEN.TEK.COM>, naren@tekig1.PEN.TEK.COM (Naren Bala) writes:

> LIST OF KILLINGS IN THE NAME OF RELIGION 
> 1. Iran-Iraq War: 1,000,000
> 2. Civil War in Sudan: 1,000,000
> 3, Riots in India-Pakistan in 1947: 1,000,000
> 4. Massacares in Bangladesh in 1971: 1,000,000
> 5. Inquistions in America in 1500s: x million (x=??)
> 6. Crusades: ??

7. Massacre of Jews in WWII: 6.3 million
8. Massacre of other 'inferior races' in WWII: 10 million
9. Communist purges: 20-30 million? [Socialism is more or less a religion]
10. Catholics V Protestants : quite a few I'd imagine
11. Recent goings on in Bombay/Iodia (sp?) area: ??
12. Disease introduced to Brazilian * oher S.Am. tribes: x million

> -- Naren

The Desert Brat
-- 
John J McVey, Elc&Eltnc Eng, Whyalla, Uni S Australia,    ________
9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au      T.S.A.K.C.            \/Darwin o\
For replies, mail to whjjm@wh.whyalla.unisa.edu.au      /\________/
Disclaimer: Unisa hates my opinions.                       bb  bb
+------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
|"It doesn't make a rainbow any less beautiful that we | "God's name is smack  |
|understand the refractive mechanisms that chance to   | for some."            |
|produce it." - Jim Perry, perry@dsinc.com             |    - Alice In Chains  |
+------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53252
From: 9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au (The Desert Brat)
Subject: Re: Keith Schneider - Stealth Poster?

In article <1pa0f4INNpit@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:

> But really, are you threatened by the motto, or by the people that use it?

Every time somone writes something and says it is merely describing the norm,
it is infact re-inforcing that norm upon those programmed not to think for
themselves. The motto is dangerous in itself, it tells the world that every
*true* American is god-fearing, and puts down those who do not fear gods. It
doesn't need anyone to make it dangerous, it does a good job itself by just
existing on your currency.

> keith

The Desert Brat
-- 
John J McVey, Elc&Eltnc Eng, Whyalla, Uni S Australia,    ________
9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au      T.S.A.K.C.            \/Darwin o\
For replies, mail to whjjm@wh.whyalla.unisa.edu.au      /\________/
Disclaimer: Unisa hates my opinions.                       bb  bb
+------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
|"It doesn't make a rainbow any less beautiful that we | "God's name is smack  |
|understand the refractive mechanisms that chance to   | for some."            |
|produce it." - Jim Perry, perry@dsinc.com             |    - Alice In Chains  |
+------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53256
From: dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller)
Subject: Re: It's all Mary's fault!

pl1u+@andrew.cmu.edu (Patrick C Leger) writes:
: You know, it just occurred to me today that this whole Christian thing
: can be blamed solely on Mary.
: 
: So, she's married to Joseph.  She gets knocked up.  What do you think
: ol' Joe will do if he finds she's been getting around?  So Mary comes up
: with this ridiculous story about God making her pregnant.  
: 

  Nice attempt Chris . . . verrry close.

  You missed the conspiracy by 1 step. Joseph knew who knocked her up.
He couldn't let it be known that somebody ELSE got ol' Mary prego. That
wouldn't do well for his popularity in the local circles. So what 
happened is that she was feeling guilty, he was feeling embarrassed, and
THEY decided to improve both of their images on what could have otherwise
been the downfall for both. Clever indeed. Come to think of it . . . I
have gained a new respect for the couple. Maybe Joseph and Mary should
receive all of the praise being paid to jesus.

Dave "Buckminster" Fuller
How is that one 'o keeper of the nicknames ?


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53257
From: cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <timmbake.735265296@mcl>, timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu ("Clam" Bake Timmons) writes:

> 
> >Fallacy #1: Atheism is a faith. Lo! I hear the FAQ beckoning once again...
> >[wonderful Rule #3 deleted - you're correct, you didn't say anything >about
> >a conspiracy]
> 
> Correction: _hard_ atheism is a faith.

Yes.
 
> 
> >>Rule #4:  Don't mix apples with oranges.  How can you say that the
> >>extermination by the Mongols was worse than Stalin?  Khan conquered people
> >>unsympathetic to his cause.That was atrocious.But Stalin killed millions of
> >>his own people who loved and worshipped _him_ and his atheist state!!How can
    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^     
> >>anyone be worse than that?
> 
> >I will not explain this to you again: Stalin did nothing in the name of
> >atheism. Whethe he was or was not an atheist is irrelevant.
> 
> Get a grip, man.  The Stalin example was brought up not as an
> indictment of atheism, but merely as another example of how people will
> kill others under any name that's fit for the occasion.

No, look again. While you never *said* it, the implication is pretty clear.
I'm sorry, but I can only respond to your words, not your true meaning. Usenet
is a slippery medium. 

[deleted wrt the burden of proof]
> 
> So hard atheism has nothing to prove?  Then how does it justify that
> God does not exist?  I know, there's the FAQ, etc.  But guess what -- if
> those justifications were so compelling why aren't people flocking to
> _hard_ atheism?  They're not, and they won't.  I for one will discourage
> people from hard atheism by pointing out those very sources as reliable
> statements on hard atheism.
> 
Look, I'm not supporting *any* dogmatic position. I'd be a fool to say that
in the large group of people that are atheists, no people exist who wish to
proselytize in the same fashion as religion. How many hard atheists do you 
see posting here, anyway? Maybe I'mm just not looking hard enough...

> Second, what makes you think I'm defending any given religion?  I'm merely
> recognizing hard atheism for what it is, a faith.

I never meant to do so, although I understand where you might get that idea.
I was merely using the 'bible' example as an allegory to illustrate my
point.

> 
> And yes, by "we" I am referring to every reader of the post.  Where is the
> evidence that the poster stated that he relied upon?

Evidence for what? Who? I think I may have lost this thread...
 
[why theists are arrogant deleted]
> >Because they say, "Such-and-such is absolutely unalterably True, because
>          ^^^^
> >my dogma says it is True." I am not prepared to issue blanket statements
> >indicting all theists of arrogance as you are wont to do with atheists.
> 
> Bzzt!  By virtue of your innocent little pronoun, "they", you've just issued
> a blanket statement.  At least I will apologize by qualifying my original
> statement with "hard atheist" in place of atheist.  Would you call John the
> Baptist arrogant, who boasted of one greater than he?  That's what many
> Christians do today.  How is that _in itself_ arrogant?

Guilty as charged. What I *meant* to say was, the theists who *are* arrogant
are this way because they say ...  Other than that, I thought my meaning
was clear enough. Any position that claims itself as superior to another with
no supporting evidence is arrogant. Thanks for your apology, btw.

> >
> >> I'm not worthy!
> >Only seriously misinformed.
> With your sophisticated put-down of "they", the theists, _your_ serious
> misinformation shines through.

Explained above.

> 
> --
> Bake Timmons, III
> 
> -- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
> than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53258
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Origins of the bible.

Adda Wainwright writes:

>He stated that thousands of bibles were discovered at a certain point in
>time which were syllable-perfect.  This therefore meant that there must have
>been one copy at a certain time; the time quoted by my acquaintance was
>approximately 50 years after the death of Jesus.

This is, as far as I know, complete nonsense.  The codification of the bible
as we have it now came very much later.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53260
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>In article <11847@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert
>Beauchaine) writes:
>>Bennett, Neil.  "How BCCI adapted the Koran rules of banking".  The 
>>Times.  August 13, 1991.
> 
> So, let's see. If some guy writes a piece with a title that implies
> something is the case then it must be so, is that it?

Gregg, you haven't provided even a title of an article to support *your*
contention.

>>  This is how you support a position if you intend to have anyone
>>  respect it, Gregg.  Any questions?  And I even managed to include
>>  the above reference with my head firmly engaged in my ass.  What's
>>  your excuse?
> 
> This supports nothing. I have no reason to believe that this is 
> piece is anything other than another anti-Islamic slander job.

You also have no reason to believe it *is* an anti-Islamic slander job, apart
from your own prejudices.

> I have no respect for titles, only for real content. I can look
> up this article if I want, true. But I can tell you BCCI was _not_
> an Islamic bank.

Why, yes.  What's a mere report in The Times stating that BCCI followed
Islamic banking rules?  Gregg *knows* Islam is good, and he *knows* BCCI were
bad, therefore BCCI *cannot* have been Islamic.  Anyone who says otherwise is
obviously spreading slanderous propaganda.

>                                      If someone wants to discuss
> the issue more seriously then I'd be glad to have a real discussion,
> providing references, etc.

I see.  If someone wants to provide references to articles you agree with,
you will also respond with references to articles you agree with?  Mmm, yes,
that would be a very intellectually stimulating debate.  Doubtless that's how
you spend your time in soc.culture.islam.

I've got a special place for you in my...

...kill file.  Right next to Bobby.  Want to join him?

The more you post, the more I become convinced that it is simply a waste of
time to try and reason with Moslems.  Is that what you are hoping to achieve?


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53261
From: dps@nasa.kodak.com (Dan Schaertel,,,)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article 11853@vice.ICO.TEK.COM, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
|>
|>  Yet I am still not a believer.  Is god not concerned with my
|>  disposition?  Why is it beneath him to provide me with the
|>  evidence I would require to believe?  The evidence that my
|>  personality, given to me by this god, would find compelling?

The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
love you.     The responsibility is on you to love God and take a step toward
Him.  He promises to be there for you, but you have to look for yourself.
Those who doubt this or dispute it have not givin it a sincere effort.
Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
know more than you do now.   To learn you must accept that which
you don't know.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53262
From: halat@panther.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <930419.104739.2t8.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew@mantis.co.uk (mathew) writes:
>mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
>>In article <30136@ursa.bear.com> halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
>>>Atoms are not objective.  They aren't even real.  What scientists call
>>>an atom is nothing more than a mathematical model that describes 
>>>certain physical, observable properties of our surroundings.  All
>>>of which is subjective.  
>> 
>> This deserves framing.  It really does.  "[Atoms] aren't even real."
>> 
>> Tell me then, those atoms we have seen with electron microscopes are
>> atoms now, so what are they?  Figments of our imaginations?  The
>> evidence that atoms are real is overwhelming, but I won't bother with
>> most evidence at the moment.
>
>HA HA HA!
>
>Sorry, but having studied cell biology, I have to say that "I can see it
>through an electron microscope, THEREFORE it is real" is a laughable
>statement.
>
[...stuff deleted...]

Thank you.  I thought I was in the twilight zone for a moment.
It still amazes me that many people with science backgrounds 
still confuse the models and observables with what even they
would call the real world.

-jim halat

                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             







In article <30142@ursa.bear.com>, halat@panther.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
>In article <1993Apr17.153653.26206@Princeton.EDU>, datepper@phoenix.Princeton.EDU (David Aaron Tepper) writes:
>
>>You were a liberal arts major, weren'tcha?
>>
>>Guess you never saw that photo of the smallest logo in the world--
>>"IBM" made with noble gas atoms (krypton? xenon? I forget the
>>specifics).
>>
>>Atoms, trees, electrons are all independently observable and
>>verifiable. Morals aren't. See the difference?
>
>
>Just for the record ( not that any kind of information would be
>likely to affect your thinking ) I have an MSEE -- focus in
>Electromagnetics -- from Penn.
>
>A photo of the smallest logo in the world does not an atom make.
>What was observed is something we can measure that matches what 
>the mathematical model we call an atom had predicted.  
>
>Much in the same way that we need BOTH a particle model and a
>wave model for light, the atomic model is a mathematical
>representation of physical phenomena.  A model that can and
>probably will continue to change over time.  That makes it 
>subjective (the model that is).  However, the model gives us an
>objective way to talk about the physical world.
>
>To put it another way, the Quantum Mechanical model of the atom
>allows for discussion of the atom that will give repeatable and
>unambiguous results, which is objective.  However, as Bohr and
>Einstein duked it out mid-century, the interpretation of
>those reapeatable, observable measurements is quite subjective.
>Bohr said that the observable randomness of atomic motion was
>inherent in the nature of the universe.  Einstein said particle
>motion was deterministic, but it was our measurement shortcomings
>that introduced the randomness.  They were talking about the
>EXACT same results, though.
>
>-jim halat

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53265
From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
> There lies the hypocrisy, dude.  Atheism takes as much faith as theism.  
> Admit it!

Some people might think it takes faith to be an atheist... but faith in
what?  Does it take some kind of faith to say that the Great Invisible Pink
Unicorn does not exist?  Does it take some kind of faith to say that Santa
Claus does not exist?  If it does (and it may for some people I suppose) it
certainly isn't as big a leap of faith to say that these things (and god)
DO exist.  (I suppose it depends on your notion and definition of "faith".)

Besides... not believing in a god means one doesn't have to deal with all
of the extra baggage that comes with it!  This leaves a person feeling
wonderfully free, especially after beaten over the head with it for years!
I agree that religion and belief is often an important psychological healer
for many people and for that reason I think it's important.  However,
trying to force a psychological fantasy (I don't mean that in a bad way,
but that's what it really is) on someone else who isn't interested is
extremely rude.  What if I still believed in Santa Claus and said that my
belief in Santa did wonderful things for my life (making me a better
person, allowing me to live without guilt, etc...) and then tried to get
you to believe in Santa too just 'cuz he did so much for me?  You'd call
the men in white coats as soon as you could get to a phone.

> --
> Bake Timmons, III

Nanci  (just babbling... :-))
.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
Spring is nature's way of saying, 'Let's party!'


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53266
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

I apologize for the long delay in getting a response to this posted.
I've been working reduced hours the past couple of weeks because I had
a son born (the day after Umar's article was posted, btw).  I did
respond within a couple of days, but it turns out that a a
coincidental news software rearrangement caused postings from this
site to silently disappear rather than going out into the world.  This
is a revision of that original response.

In article <C52q47.7Ct@ra.nrl.navy.mil> khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil (Umar Khan) writes:
>In article <1ps98fINNm2u@dsi.dsinc.com> perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:
>>Only a functional illiterate with absolutely no conception of the
>>nature of the novel could think such a thing.

[this was in response to the claim that "Rushdie made false statements
about the life of Mohammed", with the disclaimer "(fiction, I know,
but where is the line between fact and fiction?) - I stand by this
distinction between fiction and "false statements"]

>>However, it's not for his writing in _The Satanic Verses_, but for
>>what people have accepted as a propagandistic version of what is
>>contained in that book.  I have yet to find *one single muslim* who
>>has convinced me that they have read the book.  Some have initially
>>claimed to have done so, but none has shown more knowledge of the book
>>than a superficial Newsweek story might impart, and all have made
>>factual misstatements about events in the book.
>
>You keep saying things like this.  Then, you accuse people like me of
>making ad hominem arguments.  I repeat, as I have said in previous
>postings on AA: I *have* read TSV from cover to cover

I had not seen that claim, or I might have been less sweeping.  You
have made what I consider factual misstatements about events in the
book, which I have raised in the past, in the "ISLAM: a clearer view"
thread as well as the root of the "Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]"
thread.  My statement was not that you had not read the book, but that
you had not convinced me that you [inter alia] had.  As I said before,
if you want to defend your position, then produce evidence, and
respond to the evidence I have posted; so far you have not.  Of
course, my statement was not directly aimed at you, but broadly at a
number of Muslim posters who have repeated propaganda about the book,
indicating that they haven't read it, and narrowly at Gregg Jaeger,
who subsequently admitted that he hadn't in fact read the book,
vindicating my skepticism in at least that one case.

So far, the only things I have to go on regarding your own case are a)
the statements you made concerning the book in the "a clearer view"
posting, which I have challenged (not interpretation, but statements
of fact, for instance "Rushdie depicts the women of the most
respected family in all of Islam as whores"), and b) your claim (which
I had not seen before this) that you have indeed read it cover to
cover.  I am willing to try to resolve this down to a disagreement on
critical interpretation, but you'll have to support your end, by
responding to my criticism.  I have no doubt as to the ability of a
particular Muslim to go through this book with a highlighter finding
passages to take personal offense at, but you have upheld the view
that "TSV *is* intended as an attack on Islam and upon Muslims".  This
view must be defended by more than mere assertion, if you want anyone
to take it seriously.

>I am trying very hard to be amicable and rational.  

And I appreciate it, but welcome to the club.  I am defending my
honest opinion that this book should not be construed as a calculated
(or otherwise) insulting attack on Islam, and the parallel opinion
that most of the criticism of the book I have seen is baseless
propaganda.  I have supported my statements and critical
interpretationa with in-context quotes from the book and Rushdie's
essays, which is more than my correspondents have done.  Of course,
you are more than welcome to do so.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53267
From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics


Chris Faehl writes:

> >Many atheists do not mock the concept of a god, they are shocked that
> >so many theists have fallen to such a low level that they actually
> >believe in a god.  You accuse all atheists of being part of a conspiracy,
> >again without evidence.
>
>> Rule *2:  Condescending to the population at large (i.e., theists) will >not
>> win many people to your faith anytime soon.  It only ruins your credibility.

>Fallacy #1: Atheism is a faith. Lo! I hear the FAQ beckoning once again...
>[wonderful Rule #3 deleted - you're correct, you didn't say anything >about
>a conspiracy]

Correction: _hard_ atheism is a faith.

>> Rule #4:  Don't mix apples with oranges.  How can you say that the
>> extermination by the Mongols was worse than Stalin?  Khan conquered people
>> unsympathetic to his cause. That was atrocious. But Stalin killed millions of
>> his own people who loved and worshipped _him_ and his atheist state!!  How can
>> anyone be worse than that?

>I will not explain this to you again: Stalin did nothing in the name of
>atheism. Whethe he was or was not an atheist is irrelevant.

Get a grip, man.  The Stalin example was brought up not as an
indictment of atheism, but merely as another example of how people will
kill others under any name that's fit for the occasion.

>> Rule #6:  If you rely on evidence, state it.  We're waiting.

>As opposed to relying on a bunch of black ink on some crumbling old paper...
>Atheism has to prove nothing to you or anyone else. It is the burden of
>dogmatic religious bullshit to provide their 'evidence'. Which 'we'
>might you be referring to, and how long are you going to wait?

So hard atheism has nothing to prove?  Then how does it justify that
God does not exist?  I know, there's the FAQ, etc.  But guess what -- if
those justifications were so compelling why aren't people flocking to
_hard_ atheism?  They're not, and they won't.  I for one will discourage
people from hard atheism by pointing out those very sources as reliable
statements on hard atheism.

Second, what makes you think I'm defending any given religion?  I'm merely
recognizing hard atheism for what it is, a faith.

And yes, by "we" I am referring to every reader of the post.  Where is the
evidence that the poster stated that he relied upon?
>
>> Oh yes, though I'm not a theist, I can say safely that *by definition* many
>> theists are not arrogant, since they boast about something _outside_
>> themselves, namely, a god or gods.  So in principle it's hard to see how
>> theists are necessarily arrogant.

>Because they say, "Such-and-such is absolutely unalterably True, because
         ^^^^
>my dogma says it is True." I am not prepared to issue blanket statements
>indicting all theists of arrogance as you are wont to do with atheists.

Bzzt!  By virtue of your innocent little pronoun, "they", you've just issued
a blanket statement.  At least I will apologize by qualifying my original
statement with "hard atheist" in place of atheist.  Would you call John the
Baptist arrogant, who boasted of one greater than he?  That's what many
Christians do today.  How is that _in itself_ arrogant?
>
>> I'm not worthy!
>Only seriously misinformed.
With your sophisticated put-down of "they", the theists, _your_ serious
misinformation shines through.

--
Bake Timmons, III

-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53269
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism)

In <16BB4C522.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:

>In article <1993Apr17.122329.21438@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
>darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
> 
>>>>"AND IT IS HE (GOD ALMIGHTY) WHO CREATED THE NIGHT AND THE
>>>>DAY, AND THE SUN AND THE EARTH:  ALL (THE CELETIAL BODIES)
>>>>SWIM ALONG, EACH IN ITS ROUNDED COURSE."  (Holy Quran 21:33)
>>
>>>Hmm. This agrees with the Ptolemic system of the earth at the centre,
>>>with the planets orbitting round it. So Copernicus and Gallileo were
>>>wrong after all!
>>
>>You haven't read very carefully -- if you look again, you will see that
>>it doesn't say anything about what is circling what.
> 
>Anyway, they are not moving in circles.  

Oops, sorry, my words, not the words of the Qur'an.

>Nor is there any evidence that
>everything goes around in a rounded course in a general sense. Wishy-
>washy statements are not scientific.

Note that "(the celestial bodies)" in the above verse is an
interpolation (which is why it is in brackets) -- it is the translator's 
(incorrect, IMHO) interpretation.

Here is Maurice Bucaille's translation (he studied Arabic for his
research into the Qur'an and science) of this verse:

"(God is) the One Who created the night, the day, the sun and the moon.
Each is travelling in an orbit with its own motion." (Qur'an :33)

The positive aspect of this verse noted by Dr. Maurice Bucaille is that
while geocentrism was the commonly accepted notion at the time (and for
a long time afterwards), there is no notion of geocentrism in this verse
(or anywhere in the Qur'an).

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53271
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism)

In <CINDY.93Apr18124333@solan10.solan.unit.no> cindy@solan10.solan.unit.no (Cynthia Kandolf) writes:

>Various quotes deleted in the interest of saving a little bit of
>bandwidth, but i will copy the Koran quote:
>>>>"AND IT IS HE (GOD ALMIGHTY) WHO CREATED THE NIGHT AND THE
>>>>DAY, AND THE SUN AND THE EARTH:  ALL (THE CELETIAL BODIES)
>>>>SWIM ALONG, EACH IN ITS ROUNDED COURSE."  (Holy Quran 21:33)

>As it has been pointed out, this quote makes no claim about what
>orbits what.  The idea that something orbited something had been held
>as true for many years before the Koran was written, so the fact that
>it says something orbits something is hardly surprising insight.  My
>concern is with the word "rounded". 

>There are two interpretations of this word:
>1. It means in a circle.  This is wrong, although many believed it to
>be true at the time the Koran was written.  In other words, it is not
>describing our neighborhood of the universe as it really exists, but
>as it was thought to be at the time.  This has implications which i
>hope are obvious to everyone.
>2. It means "in a rounded shape", which could include elipses (the
>geometrical form which most nearly describes the orbits of the
>planets).  This is also not a great insight.  Look at the shapes you
>see in nature.  Very few of them even approach a square or rectangle;
>those are human-created shapes.  Everything in nature is rounded to
>some degree.  Even the flat-earthers don't try to claim Earth is a
>rectangle.  Children who draw imaginary animals seldom give them
>rectangular bodies.  We seem to instinctively recognize that nature
>produces rounded shapes; hence, the assumption that the orbits of the
>planets would be round hardly takes divine inspiration.

It is good to remember that every translation is to some extent an
interpretation, so (as you point out below) one must really go back to
the original Arabic.  Regarding the verses relevant to nature, I prefer
to use Dr. Maurice Bucaille's translations (in his book, "The Bible, the
Qur'an and Science") for in general his translations are more literal.
 
Maurice Bucaille translates the portion of the verse you are addressing
as 

"...Each one is travelling with an orbit in its own motion."

(Also note that "the celestial bodies" in the first translation quoted
by you above is the translator's interpolation -- it is not existent in
the original Arabic, which is why it is included in brackets.) 

>Perhaps someone who can read the original Arabic can eliminate one of
>these interpretations; at any rate, neither one of them is exactly
>impressive.

You're right, what the verses _do_ contain isn't all that remarkable.

However, Dr. Bucaille (a surgeon, that's how he's a "Dr.") thinks it is
significant that the above verse contains no geocentric ideas, even
though geocentrism was all the rage up until the 17th century (?) or so.
(And this goes for the rest of the Qur'an as well, which has about 750
verses or so regarding nature, I think I remember reading once.)

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53272
From: ch981@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Tony Alicea)
Subject: Southern Baptist Convention & Freemasonry


     With the Southern Baptist Convention convening this June to consider
the charges that Freemasonry is incompatible with christianity, I thought
the following quotes by Mr. James Holly, the Anti-Masonic Flag Carrier,
would amuse you all...

     The following passages are exact quotes from "The Southern 
Baptist Convention and Freemasonry" by James L. Holly, M.D., President
of Mission and Ministry To Men, Inc., 550 N 10th St., Beaumont, TX 
77706. 
 
     The inside cover of the book states: "Mission & Ministry to Men, 
Inc. hereby grants permission for the reproduction of part or all of 
this booklet with two provisions: one, the material is not changed and
two, the source is identified." I have followed these provisions. 
  
     "Freemasonry is one of the allies of the Devil" Page iv. 
 
     "The issue here is not moderate or conservative, the issue is God
and the Devil" Page vi." 
 
     "It is worthwhile to remember that the formulators of public 
school education in America were Freemasons" Page 29. 
 
     "Jesus Christ never commanded toleration as a motive for His 
disciples, and toleration is the antithesis of the Christian message."
Page 30. 
 
     "The central dynamic of the Freemason drive for world unity 
through fraternity, liberty and equality is toleration. This is seen 
in the writings of the 'great' writers of Freemasonry". Page 31. 
 
     "He [Jesus Christ] established the most sectarian of all possible 
faiths." Page 37. 
 
     "For narrowness and sectarianism, there is no equal to the Lord 
Jesus Christ". Page 40. 
 
     "What seems so right in the interest of toleration and its 
cousins-liberty, equality and fraternity-is actually one of the 
subtlest lies of the 'father of lies.'" Page 40. 
 
     "The Southern Baptist Convention has many churches which were 
founded in the Lodge and which have corner stones dedicated by the 
Lodge. Each of these churches should hold public ceremonies of 
repentance and of praying the blood and the Name of the Lord Jesus 
Christ over the church and renouncing the oaths taken at the 
dedication of the church and/or building." Page 53-54.  
 

Tony   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53274
From: yohan@citation.ksu.ksu.edu (Jonathan W Newton)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior


In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>Merely a question for the basis of morality
>
>Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.

I disagree with these.  What society thinks should be irrelevant.  What the
individual decides is all that is important.

>
>1)Who is society

I think this is fairly obvious

>
>2)How do "they" define what is acceptable?

Generally by what they "feel" is right, which is the most idiotic policy I can
think of.

>
>3)How do we keep from a "whatever is legal is what is "moral" "position?

By thinking for ourselves.

>
>MAC
>--
>****************************************************************
>                                                    Michael A. Cobb
> "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
>    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
>          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
>                                              
>With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53275
From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Origins of the bible.

In article <1993Apr19.141112.15018@cs.nott.ac.uk>, eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (A.Wainwright) writes:
> Hi,
> 
> I have been having an argument about the origins of the bible lately with
> a theist acquaintance.  He stated that thousands of bibles were discovered
> at a certain point in time which were syllable-perfect.  This therefore
> meant that there must have been one copy at a certain time; the time quoted
> by my acquaintace was approximately 50 years after the death of Jesus.

Hi Adda,

Most Bible scholars agree that there was one copy of each book at a certain
time -- the time when the author wrote it.  Unfortunately, like all works
from this time period and earlier, all that exists today are copies. 

> 
> Cutting all of the crap out of the way (ie god wrote it) could anyone answer
> the following:
> 
> 1.  How old is the oldest surviving copy of the new testament?

There are parts of books, scraps really, that date from around the
mid second century (A.D. 130+).  There are some complete books, letters,
etc. from the middle third century.  The first complete collection of
the New Testament dates from the early 4th century (A.D. 325).  Throughout
this period are writings of various early church fathers/leaders who
quoted various scriptures in their writings.

> 2.  Is there any truth in my acquaintance's statements?

If you mean that someone discovered thousands of "Bibles" which were all
perfect copies dating from the last part of the 1st century...No!

If you mean that there are thousands of early manuscripts (within the
dates given above, but not letter perfect) and that the most probable
text can be reconstructed from these documents and that the earliest
original autographs (now lost) probably were written starting sometime
shortly after A.D. 50, then yes.

> 3.  From who/where did the bible originate?

From the original authors.  We call them Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, Peter,
Paul, James, and one other not identified.

> 4.  How long is a piece of string? ;-)

As long as you make it.

> 
> Adda
> 
> -- 

Regards,

Jim B.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53276
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <madhausC5rFqo.9qL@netcom.com> madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann) writes:
>
>"Clam" Bake Timmons = Bill "Shit Stirrer Connor"
>

  Sorry, gotta disagree with you on this one Maddi (not the
  resemblence to Bill.  The nickname).

  I prefer "Half" Bake'd Timmons

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53277
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Requests

In article <healta.157.735271671@saturn.wwc.edu> healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:
>
>Bob, if you're wanting an excuse to convert to Christianity, you gonna have 
>to look elsewhere.
>

  Damn.  And I did so have my hopes up.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53278
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

In article <sandvik-190493224221@sandvik-kent.apple.com> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:
>
>As I know you can't get any physical problems by passive Christianity,
>unlike smoking. It's not that hard to avoid Christianity today, anyway.
>Just ignore 'em.
>

  Right on Keith, err, Kent.  

  Whadda you mean, you didn't see the smiley?

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53279
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: What's a shit shoveler to do? (was Re: Amusing atheists and)

In article <1qvn1pINNj90@shelley.u.washington.edu> jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan) writes:
>
>When the various Bill Conners and Bobbys post here, I felt that 
>their passive-aggressive "knock that chip off my shoulder"
>type of approach meant that attempts at reasoned argument 
>would be wasted.   I still think that.  However, while more 
>primitive responses (teasing, bronx cheers, sarcasm) are somewhat
>satisfying ( :-)  apologies to anyone who still thinks Bobby is
>a performance artist! ), some of them feed in to a pointless,
>circular round of ad hominem name-calling.  Witness:
>

  Precisely my position.  

  As a newbie, I tried the point-by-point approach to debate with
  these types.  It wasted both my time and my lifespan.  Ignoring
  them is not an option, since they don't go away, and doing so
  would leave one with large stretches of complete anonymity in this
  group.

  What's left?  Healthy flaming.  I'm sure on occassion I've
  appeared to be little more than a caustic boob to some of the
  Bobby types.  But why waste breath arguing with someone whose most
  rational though process involves his excretory system?

  And I stand by my record of recognizing these people long before
  most of the rest of the group.  So let's see what this Timmons
  character has in store for us...

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53280
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>In article 11853@vice.ICO.TEK.COM, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>|>
>|>  Yet I am still not a believer.  Is god not concerned with my
>|>  disposition?  Why is it beneath him to provide me with the
>|>  evidence I would require to believe?  The evidence that my
>|>  personality, given to me by this god, would find compelling?
>
>The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
>But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
>you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
>love you.     

  First, I don't expect them to love me if they don't even know I
  exist.  Secondly, I wouldn't expect them to love me simply because
  they were my creator.  I would expect to have to earn that love.

>The responsibility is on you to love God and take a step toward
>Him.  He promises to be there for you, but you have to look for yourself.

  Are you daft?  How do I love something I don't believe exists?
  Come back when you've learned to love your third testicle.

>Those who doubt this or dispute it have not givin it a sincere effort.
>Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
>that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
>Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
>the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
>know more than you do now.   To learn you must accept that which
>you don't know.

  At which point you have stepped over the line and become a
  complete asshole.  Even though it's your first offense, I won't
  let it slip becuase I've heard it too goddamned many times.

  You love Jesus because deep in your heart you're a cannibalistic
  necrophiliac.  Because I say so, and I'm much more qualified to
  assess your motivations than you are.

  Fortunately, there are some things I get to accept on evidence
  rather than faith.  One of them being that until christians like
  yourself quit being so fucking arrogant, there will never be
  peace.  You've all made sure of that.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53281
From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics


James Hogan writes:

timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
>>Jim Hogan quips:

>>... (summary of Jim's stuff)

>>Jim, I'm afraid _you've_ missed the point.

>>>Thus, I think you'll have to admit that  atheists have a lot
>>more up their sleeve than you might have suspected.

>>Nah.  I will encourage people to learn about atheism to see how little atheists
>>have up their sleeves.  Whatever I might have suspected is actually quite
>>meager.  If you want I'll send them your address to learn less about your
>>faith.

>Faith?

Yeah, do you expect people to read the FAQ, etc. and actually accept hard
atheism?  No, you need a little leap of faith, Jimmy.  Your logic runs out
of steam!

>>>Fine, but why do these people shoot themselves in the foot and mock
>>>the idea of a God?  ....

>>>I hope you understand now.

>>Yes, Jim.  I do understand now.  Thank you for providing some healthy sarcasm
>>that would have dispelled any sympathies I would have had for your faith.

>Bake,

>Real glad you detected the sarcasm angle, but am really bummin' that
>I won't be getting any of your sympathy.  Still, if your inclined
>to have sympathy for somebody's *faith*, you might try one of the
>religion newsgroups.

>Just be careful over there, though. (make believe I'm
>whispering in your ear here)  They're all delusional!

Jim,

Sorry I can't pity you, Jim.  And I'm sorry that you have these feelings of
denial about the faith you need to get by.  Oh well, just pretend that it will
all end happily ever after anyway.  Maybe if you start a new newsgroup,
alt.atheist.hard, you won't be bummin' so much?

>Good job, Jim.
>.

>Bye, Bake.


>>[more slim-Jim (tm) deleted]

>Bye, Bake!
>Bye, Bye!

Bye-Bye, Big Jim.  Don't forget your Flintstone's Chewables!  :) 
--
Bake Timmons, III

-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53282
From: agrino@enkidu.mic.cl (Andres Grino Brandt)
Subject: Studies on Book of Mormon

Hi!

I don't know much about Mormons, and I want to know about serious independent
studies about the Book of Mormon.

I don't buy the 'official' story about the gold original taken to heaven,
but haven't read the Book of Mormon by myself (I have to much work learning
Biblical Hebrew), I will appreciate any comment about the results of study
in style, vocabulary, place-names, internal consistency, and so on.

For example: There is evidence for one-writer or multiple writers?
There are some mention about events, places, or historical persons later
discovered by archeologist?

Yours in Collen

Andres Grino Brandt               Casilla 14801 - Santiago 21
agrino@enkidu.mic.cl                        Chile

No hay mas realidad que la realidad, y la razon es su profeta

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53283
From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

In article <1993Apr20.062328.19776@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, 
dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:

[...]
> 
> Wait a minute.  You said *never* play a Chamberlain.  Since the US
> *is* playing Chamberlain as far as East Timor is concerned, wouldn't
> that lead you to think that your argument is irrelevant and had nothing
> to do with the Gulf War?  Actually, I rather like your idea.  Perhaps
> the rest of the world should have bombed (or maybe missiled) Washington
> when the US invaded Nicaragua, Grenada, Panama, Vietnam, Mexico, Hawaii,
> or any number of other places.

Wait a minute, Doug.  I know you are better informed than that.  The US 
has never invaded Nicaragua (as far as I know).  We liberated Grenada 
from the Cubans	to protect US citizens there and to prevent the completion 
of a strategic air strip.  Panama we invaded, true (twice this century).  
Vietnam?  We were invited in by the government of S. Vietnam.  (I guess 
we "invaded" Saudi Arabia during the Gulf War, eh?)  Mexico?  We have 
invaded Mexico 2 or 3 times, once this century, but there were no missiles 
for anyone to shoot over here at that time.  Hawaii?  We liberated it from 
Spain.

So if you mean by the word "invaded" some sort of military action where
we cross someone's border, you are right 5 out of 6.  But normally
"invaded" carries a connotation of attacking an autonomous nation.
(If some nation "invades" the U.S. Virgin Islands, would they be
invading the Virgin Islands or the U.S.?)  So from this point of
view, your score falls to 2 out of 6 (Mexico, Panama).

[...]
> 
> What's a "peace-nik"?  Is that somebody who *doesn't* masturbate
> over "Guns'n'Ammo" or what?  Is it supposed to be bad to be a peace-nik?

No, it's someone who believes in "peace-at-all-costs".  In other words,
a person who would have supported giving Hitler not only Austria and
Czechoslakia, but Poland too if it could have averted the War.  And one
who would allow Hitler to wipe all *all* Jews, slavs, and political 
dissidents in areas he controlled as long as he left the rest of us alone.

"Is it supposed to be bad to be a peace-nik," you ask?  Well, it depends
on what your values are.  If you value life over liberty, peace over
freedom, then I guess not.  But if liberty and freedom mean more to you
than life itself; if you'd rather die fighting for liberty than live
under a tyrant's heel, then yes, it's "bad" to be a peace-nik.

The problem with most peace-niks it they consider those of us who are
not like them to be "bad" and "unconscionable".  I would not have any
argument or problem with a peace-nik if they held to their ideals and
stayed out of all conflicts or issues, especially those dealing with 
the national defense.  But no, they are not willing to allow us to
legitimately hold a different point-of-view.  They militate and 
many times resort to violence all in the name of peace.  (What rank
hypocrisy!)  All to stop we "warmongers" who are willing to stand up 
and defend our freedoms against tyrants, and who realize that to do
so requires a strong national defense.

Time to get off the soapbox now.  :)

[...]
> --
> Doug Graham         dgraham@bnr.ca         My opinions are my own.

Regards,

Jim B.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53284
From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

nancyo@fraser.sfu.ca (Nancy Patricia O'Connor) writes:

>timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:

>>Rule #4:  Don't mix apples with oranges.  How can you say that the
>>extermination by the Mongols was worse than Stalin?  Khan conquered people
>>unsympathetic to his cause.  That was atrocious.  But Stalin killed millions of
>>his own people who loved and worshipped _him_ and his atheist state!!  How can
>>anyone be worse than that?

>You're right.  And David Koresh claimed to be a Christian.

Yup.  I can hear the _millions_ cheering for DK right now!  Josef Stalin eat
your heart out!  :)
--
Bake Timmons, III

-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53285
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: He has risen!



	Our Lord and Savior David Keresh has risen!


	He has been seen alive!


	Spread the word!




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
		
		"My sole intention was learning to fly."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53286
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Idle questions for fellow atheists

acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu wrote:
 
: I wonder how many atheists out there care to speculate on the face of
: the world  if atheists were the majority rather than the minority group
: of the population. 

I've been thinking about this every now and then since I cut my ties
with Christianity. It is surprising to note that a large majority of
people, at least in Finland, seem to be apatheists - even though
90 % of the population are members of the Lutheran Church of Finland,
religious people are actually a minority. 

Could it be possible that many people believe in god "just in case"?
It seems people do not want to seek the truth; they fall prey to Pascal's
Wager or other poor arguments. A small minority of those who do believe
reads the Bible regularly. The majority doesn't care - it believes,
but doesn't know what or how. 

People don't usually allow their beliefs to change their lifestyle,
they only want to keep the virtual gate open. A Christian would say
that they are not "born in the Spirit", but this does not disturb them.
Religion is not something to think about. 

I'm afraid a society with a true atheist majority is an impossible
dream. Religions have a strong appeal to people, nevertheless - 
a promise of life after death is something humans eagerly listen to.
Coupled with threats of eternal torture and the idea that our
morality is under constant scrutiny of some cosmic cop, too many
people take the poison with a smile. Or just pretend to swallow
(and unconsciously hope god wouldn't notice ;-) )

: Also, how many atheists out there would actually take the stance and accor a
: higher value to their way of thinking over the theistic way of thinking.  The
: typical selfish argument would be that both lines of thinking evolved from the
: same inherent motivation, so one is not, intrinsically, different from the
: other, qualitatively.  But then again a measuring stick must be drawn
: somewhere, and if we cannot assign value to a system of beliefs at its core,
: than the only other alternative is to apply it to its periphery; ie, how it
: expresses its own selfishness.

If logic and reason are valued, then I would claim that atheistic thinking
is of higher value than the theistic exposition. Theists make unnecessary
assumptions they believe in - I've yet to see good reasons to believe
in gods, or to take a leap of faith at all. A revelation would do.

However, why do we value logic and reasoning? This questions bears
some resemblance to a long-disputed problem in science: why mathematics
works? Strong deep structuralists, like Atkins, have proposed that
perhaps, after all, everything _is_ mathematics. 

Is usefulness any criterion?

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53287
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In article <C5r9At.Asv@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
#In <1qvabj$g1j@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) 
#writes:
#
#>In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
#Cobb) writes:
#
#Am I making a wrong assumption for the basis of morals?  Where do they come 
#from?  The question came from the idea that I heard that morals come from
#whatever is societally mandated.

It's only one aspect of morality.  Societal morality is necessarily
very crude and broad-brush stuff which attempts to deal with what
is necessary to keep that society going  - and often it's a little
over-enthusiastic about doing so.  Individual morality is a different
thing, it often includes societal mores (or society is in trouble),
but is stronger.  For example, some people are vegetarian, though eating
meat may be perfectly legal.

#
#>#Merely a question for the basis of morality
#>#
#>#Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.
#>#
#>#1)Who is society
#
#>Depends on the society.
#
#Doesn't help.  Is the point irrelevant?

No.  Often the answer is "we are".  But if society is those who make
the rules, that's a different question.  If society is who should
make the rules, that's yet another.  I don't claim to have the answers, either,
but I don't think we do it very well in Ireland, and I like some things
about the US system, at least in principle.

#
#>#2)How do "they" define what is acceptable?
#
#>Depends.
#On....  Again, this comes from a certain question (see above).

Well, ideally they don't, but if they must they should do it by consensus, IMO.
#
#>#3)How do we keep from a "whatever is legal is what is "moral" "position?
#
#>By adopting a default position that people's moral decisions
#>are none of society's business,
#
#So how can we put people in jail? How can we condemn other societies?

Because sometimes that's necessary.  The hard trick is to recognise when
it is, and equally importantly, when it isn't.

# and only interfering when it's truly
#>necessary.
#
#Why would it be necessary?  What right do we have to interfere?

IMO, it isn't often that interference (i.e. jail, and force of various
kinds and degrees) is both necessary and effective.  Where you derive 
the right to interfere is a difficult question - it's a sort of
liar's paradox: "force is necessary for freedom".   One possible justification
is that people who wish to take away freedom shouldn't object if
their own freedom is taken away - the paradox doesn't arise if
we don't actively wish to take way anyone's freedom.
#
#  The introduction of permissible interference causes the problem
#>that it can be either too much or too little - but most people seem
#>to agree that some level of interference is necessary.
#
#They see the need for a "justice" system.  How can we even define that term?

Only by consensus, I guess.

#  Thus you
#>get a situation where "The law often allows what honour forbids", which I've
#>come to believe is as it should be.  
#
#I admit I don't understand that statement.

What I mean is that, while thus-and-such may be legal, thus-and-such may
also be seen as immoral.   The law lets you do it, but you don't let yourself
do it.  Eating meat, for example.
-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53288
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

In <2943927496.1.p00261@psilink.com> "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:

>>DATE:   14 Apr 1993 23:52:11 GMT
>>FROM:   Frank O'Dwyer <frank@D012S658.uucp>
>>
>>In article <1993Apr14.102810.6059@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>>
>>Just borrowing your post, Mr. Rice...
>>
>>#In <2943656910.0.p00261@psilink.com> "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
>>#>Are you sure that democracy is the driving force behind
>>#>the massacres in East Timor?  It is certainly odd that so many of the worlds
>>#>massacres occur along religious lines, independently of any claims to a
>>#>democratic form of government.  Are Ireland and Northern Ireland considered
>>#>democracies?  Would you attribute their problems to democracy even though
>>#>they are democracies?  Which motivates them more, religion or democracy?
>>
>>Mr. Rice was pointing out a fallacy in the assertion that Islam is evil
>>because some of those who claim to follow it are evil, not asserting that 
>>democracy causes massacres, as I read it.  

>That is right, he was.  And I was pointing out that his use of Indonesians
>killing the East Timorese as a result of _democracy_ was a bit weak because
>democracy is not much of a motivation for doing much of anything in Indonesia
>from what I remember.  East Timor was a former Portguese territory which was
>forcibly annexed by Indonesia.  Last I heard over 10,000 Indonesians have
>died trying to keep East Timor a part of Indonesia.  Being a former 
>Portuguese colony, there is a strong Catholic influence in East Timor as I
>recall.  So it seems a bit odd that yet again we have another war being
>fought between people who just "happen" to have different religions.  Purely
>coincidental, I guess.  But then the real motivation is to get the vote out
>and make democracy work in Indonesia.

I pointed out the secession movement in Aceh which has also been
brutally dealt with in the past by the Indonesian government.  The
harshly with all secessionist movements.
the evidence, it appears to me that the Indonesian government has dealt
very harshly with all secession movements.

I know that the head of the Indonesian armed forces for a very long time
was Benny Murdani -- a "Christian".  Indonesia has been heavy handed in
East Timor for a long time , even when Murdani was head of the armed
forces.  The people who make up the
Indonesian government are in general motivated by national interests,
not religious ones.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53289
From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics


Robert Knowles writes:

>>
>>My my, there _are_ a few atheists with time on their hands.  :)
>>
>>OK, first I apologize.  I didn't bother reading the FAQ first and so fired an
>>imprecise flame.  That was inexcusable.
>>

>How about the nickname Bake "Flamethrower" Timmons?

Sure, but Robert "Koresh-Fetesh" (sic) Knowles seems good, too.  :) 
>
>You weren't at the Koresh compound around noon today by any chance, were you?
>
>Remember, Koresh "dried" for your sins.
>
>And pass that beef jerky.  Umm Umm.

Though I wasn't there, at least I can rely on you now to keep me posted on what
what he's doing.

Have you any other fetishes besides those for beef jerky and David Koresh? 
--
Bake Timmons, III

-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53290
From: Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <C5prCA.590@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
says:
>
>In <11836@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>
>>In article <C5L1Ey.Jts@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike
>Cobb) writes:
>
>>  If I'm wrong, god is free at any time to correct my mistake.  That
>>  he continues not to do so, while supposedly proclaiming his
>>  undying love for my eternal soul, speaks volumes.
>
>What are the volumes that it speaks besides the fact that he leaves your
>choices up to you?

Leaves the choices up to us but gives us no better reason
to believe than an odd story of his alleged son getting
killed for us?  And little new in the past few thousand
years, leaving us with only the texts passed down through
centuries of meddling with the meaning and even wording.
...most of this passing down and interpretation of course
coming from those who have a vested interest in not allowing
the possibility that it might not be the ultimate truth.
What about maybe talking to us directly, eh?
He's a big god, right?  He ought to be able to make time
for the creations he loves so much...at least enough to
give us each a few words of direct conversation.
What, he's too busy to get around to all of us?
Or maybe a few unquestionably-miraculous works here and
there?
...speaks volumes upon volumes to me that I've never
gotten a chance to meet the guy and chat with him.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53292
From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War

In article <930419.115707.6f2.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>>In article <930414.121019.7E4.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew
>><mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>>> Yes.  Fortunately we have right-thinking folks like your good self in power
>>> and it was therefore deemed acceptable to slaughter tens or even hundreds o
>>> thousands of Iraqis in order to liberate oil^H^H^HKuwait.  We won the war,
>>> hurrah hurrah!
>> 
>> The number of civilian Iraqi deaths were way over-exaggerated and 
>> exploited for anti-war emotionalism by the liberal news media.  The
>> facts are that less Iraqis died in the Gulf War than did civilians 
>> in any other war of comparable size this century!
> 
> Let's analyze this claim a little.  How is the "size" of a war defined?  By
> number of participants?  Geographical area?  Number of countries involved? 
> Number of casualties?

Size of armies, duration, numbers of casualties both absolute and as a
percentage of those involved, geographical area and numbers of countries
too, are all measures of size.  In this case I'd say the relevant
statistic would be the number of combatants (total troops) compared to
total casualties from among the total civilian population in the
affected geographical area.

> 
> Which other "comparable" wars are we talking about?

Vietnam and Korea might make good comparisons.

> 
> Which "liberal news media" are we talking about?
> 

Western news in general, but in particular the American "mass media":
CBS, NBC, ABC, etc.  The general tone of the news during the whole
war was one of "those poor, poor Iraqis" along with "look how precisely
this cruise missile blew this building to bits".

>>                                                    This was due mostly
>> to the short duration coupled with precise surgical bombing techniques
>> which were technically possible only recently.
> 
> I suspect that medical advances may have something to do with it too.

I agree.

> 
>> How about all the innocent people who died in blanket-bombing in WW2?
>> I don't hear you bemoaning them!
> 
> Perhaps because the topic hasn't cropped up.  If you want my opinion, I think
> that the blanket bombing of German cities at the end of World War Two was the
> most appalling act of wholesale slaughter this country has committed in
> centuries.  Bomber Harris was no hero of mine.

Perhaps so.  And maybe the atomic bomb was a mistake too.  But that's easy
to say from our "enlightened" viewpoint here in the 90's, right?  Back
then, it was *all-out* war, and Germany and Japan had to be squashed.
After all, a million or more British had already died, hundreds of 
thousands of French, a couple hundread thousand or so Americans, and 
millions of Russians, not to mention a few million Jews, Poles, and 
other people of slavic descent in German concentration camps.  All 
things considered, the fire-bombings and the atomic bomb were
essential (and therefore justified) in bringing the war to a quick
end to avoid even greater allied losses.

I, for one, don't regret it.

> 
>>                                 War is never an exact science, but
>> with smart bombs, it's becoming more exact with a smaller percentage
>> of civilian casualties.  Sometimes mistakes are made; targets are
>> misidentified; innocents die.  That's war the way it really is.
> 
> Entrenched political rulers operating in their own selfish interests without
> regard for the lives of other people, *that* is the way war really is.

Sure.  And it's the people who suffer because of them.  All the more
reason to depose these "entrenched political rulers operating in their
own selfish interests"!  Or do you mean that this applies to the allies
as well??

> 
> Why all the fuss about Kuwait and not East Timor, Bosnia, or even Tibet?  If
> Iraq is so bad, why were we still selling them stuff a couple of weeks before
> we started bombing?

I make no claim or effort to justify the misguided foreign policy of the
West before the war.  It is evident that the West, especially America,
misjudged Hussein drastically.  But once Hussein invaded Kuwait and 
threatened to militarily corner a significant portion of the world's
oil supply, he had to be stopped.  Sure the war could have been
prevented by judicious and concerted effort on the part of the West
before Hussein invaded Kuwait, but it is still *Hussein* who is
responsible for his decision to invade.  And once he did so, a
strong response from the West was required.

> 
>> Mathew, your sarcasm is noted but you are completely off-base here.
>> You come off sounding like a complete peace-nik idiot, although I
>> feel sure that was not your intent.
> 
> What's your intent?  To sound like a Loving Christian?  Well, you aren't
> doing a very good job of it.

Well, it's not very "loving" to allow a Hussein or a Hitler to gobble up
nearby countries and keep them.  Or to allow them to continue with mass
slaughter of certain peoples under their dominion.  So, I'd have to
say yes, stopping Hussein was the most "loving" thing to do for the
most people involved once he set his mind on military conquest.
> 
>> So the Iraqi war was wrong, eh?  I'm sure that appeasement would have
>> worked better than war, just like it did in WW2, eh?
> 
> Who even mentioned appeasement?  And what makes you think the situation is
> even remotely analogous to World War Two?

I mentioned it.

If we hadn't intervened, allowing Hussein to keep Kuwait, then it would
have been appeasement.  It is precisely the lessons the world learned
in WW2 that motivated the Western alliance to war.  Letting Hitler take
Austria and Czechoslavkia did not stop WW2 from happening, and letting
Hussein keep Kuwait would not have stopped an eventual Gulf War to
protect Saudi Arabia.

> 
>>                                                           I guess we
>> shouldn't have fought WW2 either -- just think of all those innocent
>> German civilians killed in Dresden and Hamburg.
> 
> Yes, do.  Germans are human too, you know.
> 

Sure.  What was truly unfortunate was that they followed Hitler in
his grandiose quest for a "Thousand Year Reich".  The consequences
stemmed from that.

>> Tyrants like Hussein *have* to be stopped.  His kind don't understand
>> diplomacy; they only understand the point of a gun.  My only regret is
>> that Bush wimped out and didn't have the military roll into Baghdad, so
>> now Hussein is still in power and the Iraqi people's sacrifice (not to
>> mention the 357 Americans who died) was for naught.
> 
> I look forward to hearing your incisive comments about East Timor and Tibet.
> 
What should I say about them?  Anything in particular?


>> And as for poor, poor Rodney King!  Did you ever stop and think *why*
>> the jury in the first trial brought back a verdict of "not guilty"?
> 
> Yes.  Amongst the things I thought were "Hmm, there's an awful lot of white
> people in that jury."

So?  It was the *policemen* on trial not Rodney King!!  And under American
law they deserved a jury of *their* peers!  If there had been black
officers involved, I'm sure their would have been black jurors too.
This point (of allegedly racial motivations) is really shallow.

> 
>> Those who have been foaming at the mouth for the blood of those
>> policemen certainly have looked no further than the video tape.
>> But the jury looked at *all* the evidence, evidence which you and I
>> have not seen.
> 
> When I see a bunch of policemen beating someone who's lying defenceless on
> the ground, it's rather hard to imagine what this other evidence might have
> been.

So?  It's "hard to imagine"?  So when has Argument from Incredulity
gained acceptance from the revered author of "Constructing a Logical
Argument"?  Can we expect another revision soon??  :)  (Just kidding.)

> 
> If there is some wonderful evidence, why is it seemingly being kept secret? 
> Why not tell everyone what it is?  Then everyone could say "Oh, yes, you're
> right, King deserved a good beating", and we could all live happily ever
> after.

I have to admit that I wonder this too.  But *neither* the prosecution
nor the defense is talking.  So one cannot conclude either way due to
the silence of the principals.  

> 
>> Law in this country is intended to protect the rights of the accused,
>> whether they be criminals or cops.  One is not found guilty if there is
>> a reasonable doubt of one's guilt, and only the jury is in a position
>> to assess the evidence and render a verdict.
> 
> Fine, but I'm still finding it hard to imagine what the "reasonable doubt"
> was in this case.  I mean, the cops certainly seem to be beating someone
> who's lying defenceless on the ground.  What's your explanation?  Mass
> hallucination?  Orbital mind-control lasers?  Faked video footage?  Do tell.
> 

OK.  It certainly seemed to me that there was excessive force involved.
And frankly, the original "not guilty" verdict baffled me too.  But then
I learned that the prosecution in the first case did not try to convict
on a charge of excessive force or simple assault which they probably
would have won, they tried to get a conviction on a charge of aggravated
assault with intent to inflict serious bodily harm.  A charge, which
news commentators said, was akin to attempted murder under California
law.  Based on what the prosecution was asking for, it's evident that 
the first jury decided that the officers were "not guilty".  Note, 
not "not guilty" of doing wrong, but "not guilty" of aggravated assault 
with the *intent* of inflicting serious bodily harm.  The seeds of the 
prosecutions defeat were in their own overconfidence in obtaining a 
verdict such that they went for the most extreme charge they could.

If the facts as the news commentators presented them are true, then
I feel the "not guilty" verdict was a reasonable one.

> 
> mathew
> [ "Thou shalt not kill... unless thou hast a pretty good reason for killing,
>    in which case thou shalt kill, and also kill anyone who gets in the way,
>    as unfortunately it cannot be helped."
>                                    -- Jim Brown Bible for Loving Christians ]

Thanks mathew, I like the quote.  Pretty funny actually.  (I'm a 
Monty Python fan, you know.  Kind of seems in that vein.)

Of course, oversimplifying any moral argument can make it seem
contradictory.  But then, you know that already.  

Regards,

Jim B.
Loving Christian  :)


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53293
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Theism and Fanatism (was: Islamic Genocide)

In article <16BB6B7CA.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
|In article <1qv7q5$fn4@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
|frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
| 
|>#>#Theism is strongly correlated with irrational belief in absolutes. Irrational
|>#>#belief in absolutes is strongly correlated with fanatism.
|>
|>#>Correlation is not causation.   And a belief that absolutes exist is not
|>#>the same thing as a belief in absolutes, any more than belief in a shortest
|>#>route from Thurles to Clonmel is the same thing as a knowledge of the
|>#>Irish roadsystem.
|>
|>#Correlation is not necessarily causation. However, as you might have noticed,
|>#the above allows to conclude that the correlation between religion and fanatism
|>#is based on common features of religious belief.
| 
|(Sorry for the long quotes, but I dont see where to cut)
| 
| 
|>Huh?   Are you barking mad?
|>
| 
|Hardly.
| 
| 
|>(1) Theism is not as strongly correlated with fanaticism as you say.  PLUS
|>    you could find stronger correlations if you were actually interested
|>    in the truth instead of being as you seeming are, a bigot.
|>
| 
|Theism is correlated with fanaticism. I have neither said that all fanatism
|is caused by theism nor that all theism leads to fanatism. The point is,
|theism increases the chance of becoming a fanatic. One could of course
|argue that would be fanatics tend towards theism (for example), but I just
|have to loook at the times in history when theism was the dominant ideology
|to invalidate that conclusion that that is the basic mechanism behind it.

IMO, the influence of Stalin, or for that matter, Ayn Rand, invalidates your 
assumption that theism is the factor to be considered.  Gullibility, 
blind obedience to authority, lack of scepticism, and so on, are all more 
reliable indicators.  And the really dangerous people - the sources of
fanaticism - are often none of these things.  They are cynical manipulators
of the gullible, who know precisely what they are doing.  Now, *some*
brands of theism, and more precisely *some* theists, do tend to fanaticism,
I grant you.  To tar all theists with this brush is bigotry, not a reasoned
argument - and it reads to me like a warm-up for censorship and restriction
of religious freedom.  Ever read Animal Farm?

|>(2)  Define "irrational belief".  e.g., is it rational to believe that
|>     reason is always useful?
|>
| 
|Irrational belief is belief that is not based upon reason. The latter has
|been discussed for a long time with Charley Wingate. One point is that
|the beliefs violate reason often, and another that a process that does
|not lend itself to rational analysis does not contain reliable information.

Well, there is a glaring paradox here:  an argument that reason is useful
based on reason would be circular, and argument not based on reason would
be irrational.  Which is it?

The first part of the second statement contains no information, because
you don't say what "the beliefs" are.  If "the beliefs" are strong theism 
and/or strong atheism, then your statement is not in general true.  The
second part of your sentence is patently false - counterexample: an
axiomatic datum does not lend itself to rational analysis, but is
assumed to contain reliable information regardless of what process is
used to obtain it.

|Compared the evidence theists have for their claims to the strength of
|their demands makes the whole thing not only irrational but antirational.

I can't agree with this until you are specific - *which* theism?  To
say that all theism is necessarily antirational requires a proof which
I suspect you do not have.

|The affinity to fanatism is easily seen. It has to be true because I believe
|it is nothing more than a work hypothesis. However, the beliefs say they are
|more than a work hypothesis.

I don't understand this.  Can you formalise your argument?
-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53294
From: deguzman@after.math.uiuc.edu (A A DeGuzman)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz) writes:

>In article <C5LH4p.27K@portal.hq.videocart.com>, dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
>> JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu () writes:
>> : YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
>> : PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>> 
>>   What do you mean "be prepared" ?? Surrounded by thumpers like yourself
>> has proven to be hellish enough . . . and I'm not even dead yet !!

>Well here's how I prepared.  I got one of those big beach
>umbrellas, some of those gel-pack ice things, a big Coleman cooler
>which I've loaded up with Miller Draft (so I like Miller Draft,
>so sue me), a new pair of New Balance sneakers, a Sony
>Watchman, and a couple of cartons of BonTon Cheddar Cheese
>Popcorn.

[stuff deleted]

Actually, you get a ton of weapons and ammunition, 70-80 followers, and hole
up in some kind of compound, and wait for . . . . :-)
--
Alan A. DeGuzman               Calvin: "I'm so smart it's almost scary. I guess
Calculus&Mathematica                    I'm a child progeny."
DISCLAIMER: "The University
can't afford my opinions."     Hobbes: "Most children are . . . "

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53297
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <C5LH4p.27K@portal.hq.videocart.com>, dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
> JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu () writes:
> : YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
> : PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
> 
>   What do you mean "be prepared" ?? Surrounded by thumpers like yourself
> has proven to be hellish enough . . . and I'm not even dead yet !!

Well here's how I prepared.  I got one of those big beach
umbrellas, some of those gel-pack ice things, a big Coleman cooler
which I've loaded up with Miller Draft (so I like Miller Draft,
so sue me), a new pair of New Balance sneakers, a Sony
Watchman, and a couple of cartons of BonTon Cheddar Cheese
Popcorn.

I haven't decided what to wear yet.  What does one wear to an
eternal damnation?

Dean Kaflowitz


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53298
From: Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5pxqs.LM5@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill
Conner) says:
>
>dean.kaflowitz (decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com) wrote:
>
>: Now, what I am interested in is the original notion you were discussing
>: on moral free agency.  That is, how can a god punish a person for
>: not believing in him when that person is only following his or her
>: nature and it is not possible for that person to deny what his or
>: her reason tells him or her, which is that there is no god?
>
>I think you're letting atheist mythology confuse you on the issue of

(WEBSTER:  myth:  "a traditional or legendary story...
           ...a belief...whose truth is accepted uncritically.")

How does that qualify?
Indeed, it's almost oxymoronic...a rather amusing instance.
I've found that most atheists hold almost no atheist-views as
"accepted uncritically," especially the few that are legend.
Many are trying to explain basic truths, as myths do, but
they don't meet the other criterions.
Also...

>Divine justice. According to the most fundamental doctrines of
>Christianity, When the first man sinned, he was at that time the

You accuse him of referencing mythology, then you procede to
launch your own xtian mythology.  (This time meeting all the
requirements of myth.)

>salvation. The idea of punishment is based on the proposition that
>everyone knows (instinctively?) that God exists, is their creator and

Ah, but not everyone "knows" that god exists.  So you have
a fallacy.

>There's nothing terribly difficult in all this and is well known to
>any reasonably Biblically literate Christian. The only controversy is

And that makes it true?  Holding with the Bible rules out controversy?
Read the FAQ.  If you've read it, you missed something, so re-read.
(Not a bad suggestion for anyone...I re-read it just before this.)

>with those who pretend not to know what is being said and what it
>means. When atheists claim that they do -not- know if God exists and
>don't know what He wants, they contradict the Bible which clearly says
>that -everyone- knows. The authority of the Bible is its claim to be

...should I repeat what I wrote above for the sake of getting
it across?  You may trust the Bible, but your trusting it doesn't
make it any more credible to me.

If the Bible says that everyone knows, that's clearly reason
to doubt the Bible, because not everyone "knows" your alleged
god's alleged existance.

>refuted while the species-wide condemnation is justified. Those that
>claim that there is no evidence for the existence of God or that His will is
>unknown, must deliberately ignore the Bible; the ignorance itself is
>no excuse.

1) No, they don't have to ignore the Bible.  The Bible is far
from universally accepted.  The Bible is NOT a proof of god;
it is only a proof that some people have thought that there
was a god.  (Or does it prove even that?  They might have been
writing it as series of fiction short-stories.  As in the
case of Dionetics.)  Assuming the writers believed it, the
only thing it could possibly prove is that they believed it.
And that's ignoring the problem of whether or not all the
interpretations and Biblical-philosophers were correct.

2) There are people who have truly never heard of the Bible.

3) Again, read the FAQ.

>freedom. You are free to ignore God in the same way you are free to
>ignore gravity and the consequences are inevitable and well known
>in both cases. That an atheist can't accept the evidence means only

Bzzt...wrong answer!
Gravity is directly THERE.  It doesn't stop exerting a direct and
rationally undeniable influence if you ignore it.  God, on the
other hand, doesn't generally show up in the supermarket, except
on the tabloids.  God doesn't exert a rationally undeniable influence.
Gravity is obvious; gods aren't.

>Secondly, human reason is very comforatble with the concept of God, so
>much so that it is, in itself, intrinsic to our nature. Human reason
>always comes back to the question of God, in every generation and in

No, human reason hasn't always come back to the existance of
"God"; it has usually come back to the existance of "god".
In other words, it doesn't generally come back to the xtian
god, it comes back to whether there is any god.  And, in much
of oriental philosophic history, it generally doesn't pop up as
the idea of a god so much as the question of what natural forces
are and which ones are out there.  From a world-wide view,
human nature just makes us wonder how the universe came to
be and/or what force(s) are currently in control.  A natural
tendancy to believe in "God" only exists in religious wishful
thinking.

>I said all this to make the point that Christianity is eminently
>reasonable, that Divine justice is just and human nature is much
>different than what atheists think it is. Whether you agree or not

Xtianity is no more reasonable than most other religions, and
it's reasonableness certainly doesn't merit eminence.
Divine justice...well, it only seems just to those who already
believe in the divinity.
First, not all atheists believe the same things about human
nature. Second, whether most atheists are correct or not,
YOU certainly are not correct on human nature.  You are, at
the least, basing your views on a completely eurocentric
approach.  Try looking at the outside world as well when
you attempt to sum up all of humanity.

Andrew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53302
From: jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan)
Subject: Re: What's a shit shoveler to do? (was Re: Amusing atheists and)

In article <timmbake.735278230@mcl> timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
>
>James Hogan writes:
>
>[fine sentiments]
>
>From his very first post Jim assumed an attack of ad hominem, sarcastic
>innuendo, i.e., shit to be shoveled.  He conveniently forgets this, of course,
>and then _whines_ about his boredom.

Ad hominem, sarcastic innuendo?  Absolutely.  Forgotten?  Hardly.
Bored?  Not really.   I try not to confuse "life on a.a." with life.

I just can't overcome the urge to tease/taunt folks who bound FAQ-less
onto a.a. with such a chip on their shoulder.  To listen to you,
one might think we belonged to some church!

I appreciate the patience of others who questioned your posting
on a line-by-line content basis, though it's hard to know what
impact that might have had, as compared to, say, "shovelling".

>
>Fact: If he were truly interested in ending the thread he wouldn't have posted
>his last shit to be shoveled.

I think I only lamented that, whatever the initial satisfactions,
past a certain point circular abuse-heaping was just that.

>--
>Bake Timmons, III
>
>-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
>than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

Sincere questions:  Why are you here?  What are you looking for?

Jim


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53303
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

In article <1qibo2$f4o@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
 
>
>#>In the absence of some convincing evidence that theist fanatics are more
>#>dangerous than atheist fanatics, I'll continue to be wary of fanatics of
>#>any stripe.
>#
>#I think that the agnostic fanatics are the most dangerous of the lot.
>
>Fair point, actually.  I mentioned theists and atheists, but left out
>agnostics.  Mea culpa.
>
 
No wonder in the light of that you are a probably a theist who tries
to pass as an agnostic. I still remember your post about your daughter
singing Chrismas Carols and your feelings of it well.
 
By the way, would you show marginal honesty and answer the many questions
you left open when you ceased to respond last time?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53304
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

In article <1qi83b$ec4@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>#>Few people can imagine dying for capitalism, a few
>#>more can imagine dying for democracy, but a lot more will die for their
>#>Lord and Savior Jesus Christ who Died on the Cross for their Sins.
>#>Motivation, pure and simple.
>
>Got any cites for this nonsense?   How many people will die for Mom?
>Patriotism? Freedom?   Money?  Their Kids?  Fast cars and swimming pools?
>A night with Kim Basinger or Mel Gibson?  And which of these things are evil?
>
 
Read a history book, Fred. And tell me why so many religions command to
commit genocide when it has got nothing to do with religion. Or why so many
religions say that not living up to the standards of the religion is worse
than dieing? Coincidence, I assume. Or ist part of the absolute morality
you describe so often?
 
Theism is strongly correlated with irrational belief in absolutes. Irrational
belief in absolutes is strongly correlated with fanatism.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53305
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

In article <1ql0d3$5vo@dr-pepper.East.Sun.COM> geoff@East.Sun.COM (Geoff Arnold @ Sun BOS - R.H. coast near the top) writes:

>Your posting provoked me into checking my save file for memorable
>posts. The first I captured was by Ken Arromdee on 19 Feb 1990, on the
>subject "Re: atheist too?". That was article #473 here; your question
>was article #53766, which is an average of about 48 articles a day for
>the last three years. As others have noted, the current posting rate is
>such that my kill file is depressing large...... Among the posting I
>saved in the early days were articles from the following notables:

	Hey, it might to interesting to read some of these posts...
Especially from ones who still regularly posts on alt.atheism!


>>From: loren@sunlight.llnl.gov (Loren Petrich)
>>From: jchrist@nazareth.israel.rel (Jesus Christ of Nazareth)
>>From: mrc@Tomobiki-Cho.CAC.Washington.EDU (Mark Crispin)
>>From: perry@apollo.HP.COM (Jim Perry)
>>From: lippard@uavax0.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)
>>From: minsky@media.mit.edu (Marvin Minsky)
>
>An interesting bunch.... I wonder where #2 is?

	Hee hee hee.

	*I* ain't going to say....

--- 

        " Whatever promises that have been made can than be broken. "

        John Laws, a man without the honor to keep his given word.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53306
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql8mdINN674@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:

>>>This whole thread started because of a discussion about whether
>>>or not the death penalty constituted cruel punishment, which is forbidden
>>>by the US Constitution.
>>Yes, but they didn't say what they meant by "cruel", which is why
>>a) you have the Supreme Court, and b) it makes no sense to refer
>>to the Constitution, which is quite silent on the meaning of the
>>word "cruel".
>
>They spent quite a bit of time on the wording of the Constitution.  They
>picked words whose meanings implied the intent.  We have already looked
>in the dictionary to define the word.  Isn't this sufficient?

	We only need to ask the question: what did the founding fathers 
consider cruel and unusual punishment?

	Hanging? Hanging there slowing being strangled would be very 
painful, both physically and psychologicall, I imagine.

	Firing squad ? [ note: not a clean way to die back in those 
days ], etc. 

	All would be considered cruel under your definition.
	All were allowed under the constitution by the founding fathers.

--- 

        " Whatever promises that have been made can than be broken. "

        John Laws, a man without the honor to keep his given word.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53307
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1ql0ajINN2kj@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:

>Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
>as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.

	Why "must"?

--- 

        " Whatever promises that have been made can than be broken. "

        John Laws, a man without the honor to keep his given word.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53308
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <bissda.4.734849678@saturn.wwc.edu>
bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:
 
>        The arguements he uses I am summing up.  The book is about whether
>Jesus was God or not.  I know many of you don't believe, but listen to a
>different perspective for we all have something to gain by listening to what
>others have to say.
 
Read the FAQ first, watch the list fr some weeks, and come back then.
 
And read some other books on the matter in order to broaden your view first.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53309
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Who Says the Apostles Were Tortured?

In article <1qiu97INNpq6@srvr1.engin.umich.edu>
ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles) writes:
 
>
> As evidence for the Resurrection, it is often claimed that the Disciples
>were tortured to death for their beliefs and still did not renounce
>their claim that Jesus had come back from the dead.
> Now, I skimmed Acts and such, and I found a reference to this happening
>to Stephen, but no others. Where does this apparently very widely held
>belief come from? Is there any evidence outside the Bible? Is there any
>evidence *in* the Bible? I sure haven't found any...
>
 
Early authors and legends. The most important sources can be found in the
Martyriologia of the Catholic Church. Makes the Grimms look like exact
science.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53311
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1qlfd4INN935@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>
>>>Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
>>>as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.
>>So, why "must" they have such laws?
>
>The quotation marks should enclose "laws," not "must."
>
>If there were no such rules, even instinctive ones or unwritten ones,
>etc., then surely some sort of random chance would lead a chimp society
>into chaos.
	

	The "System" refered to a "moral system". You havn't shown any 
reason that chimps "must" have a moral system. 
	Except if you would like to redefine everything.


--- 

        " Whatever promises that have been made can than be broken. "

        John Laws, a man without the honor to keep his given word.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53312
From: jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only)
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

In article <1ql0d3$5vo@dr-pepper.East.Sun.COM> geoff@East.Sun.COM writes:
>Your posting provoked me into checking my save file for memorable
>posts. The first I captured was by Ken Arromdee on 19 Feb 1990, on the
>subject "Re: atheist too?". That was article #473 here; your question
>was article #53766, which is an average of about 48 articles a day for
>the last three years. As others have noted, the current posting rate is
>such that my kill file is depressing large...... Among the posting I
>saved in the early days were articles from the following notables:
>
>>From: loren@sunlight.llnl.gov (Loren Petrich)
>>From: jchrist@nazareth.israel.rel (Jesus Christ of Nazareth)
>>From: mrc@Tomobiki-Cho.CAC.Washington.EDU (Mark Crispin)
>>From: perry@apollo.HP.COM (Jim Perry)
>>From: lippard@uavax0.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)
>>From: minsky@media.mit.edu (Marvin Minsky)
>
>An interesting bunch.... I wonder where #2 is?

Didn't you hear?  His address has changed.  He can be reached at the 
following address:

dkoresh@branch.davidian.compound.waco.tx.us

I think he was last seen posting to alt.messianic.

Jim
--
If God is dead and the actor plays his part                    | -- Sting,
His words of fear will find their way to a place in your heart | History
Without the voice of reason every faith is its own curse       | Will Teach Us
Without freedom from the past things can only get worse        | Nothing

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53313
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In <1qvh8tINNsg6@citation.ksu.ksu.edu> yohan@citation.ksu.ksu.edu (Jonathan W 
Newton) writes:


>In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
Cobb) writes:
>>Merely a question for the basis of morality
>>
>>Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.

>I disagree with these.  What society thinks should be irrelevant.  What the
>individual decides is all that is important.

This doesn't seem right.  If I want to kill you, I can because that is what I
decide?
>>
>>1)Who is society

>I think this is fairly obvious

Not really.  If whatever a particular society mandates as ok is ok, there are
always some in the "society" who disagree with the mandates, so which 
societal mandates make the standard for morality?
 >>
>>2)How do "they" define what is acceptable?

>Generally by what they "feel" is right, which is the most idiotic policy I can
>think of.

So what should be the basis? Unfortunately I have to admit to being tied at 
least loosely to the "feeling", in that I think we intuitively know some things
to be wrong.  Awfully hard to defend, though.
>>
>>3)How do we keep from a "whatever is legal is what is "moral" "position?

>By thinking for ourselves.

I might agree here.  Just because certain actions are legal does not make them
"moral".
>>
>>MAC
>>--
>>****************************************************************
>>                                                    Michael A. Cobb
>> "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
>>    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
>>          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
>>                                              
>>With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar 
deficits.

--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53314
From: cjhs@minster.york.ac.uk
Subject: Re: free moral agency

: Are you saying that their was a physical Adam and Eve, and that all
: humans are direct decendents of only these two human beings.?  Then who
: were Cain and Able's wives?  Couldn't be their sisters, because A&E
: didn't have daughters.  Were they non-humans?

Genesis 5:4

and the days of Adam after he begat Seth were eight hundred years, and
he begat sons and daughters:

Felicitations -- Chris Ho-Stuart

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53315
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

I guess I'm delving into a religious language area.  What exactly is morality 
or morals?  I never thought of eating meat to be moral or immoral, but I think
it could be.  How do we differentiate between not doing something because it is
a personal choice or preference and not doing something because we see it as 
immoral?  Do we fall to what the basis of these morals are?

Also, consensus positions fall to a might makes right.  Or, as you brought out,
if whatever is right is what is societally mandated then whoever is in control
at the time makes what is right

MC
MAC
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53316
From: arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>|>  Yet I am still not a believer.  Is god not concerned with my
>|>  disposition?  Why is it beneath him to provide me with the
>|>  evidence I would require to believe?  The evidence that my
>|>  personality, given to me by this god, would find compelling?
>The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
>But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
>you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
>love you.

Oh no, not again.

There is a difference between believing that God exists, and loving him.
(For instance, Satan certainly believes God exists, but does not love him.)
What unbelievers request in situations like this is that God provide evidence
compelling enough to believe he exists, not to compel them to love him.
--
"On the first day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Leftover Turkey!
On the second day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Turkey Casserole
    that she made from Leftover Turkey.
[days 3-4 deleted] ...  Flaming Turkey Wings! ...
   -- Pizza Hut commercial (and M*tlu/A*gic bait)

Ken Arromdee (arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53317
From: arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee)
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

In article <1993Apr20.102306.882@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>Hawaii?  We liberated it from 
>Spain.

Well, you were going well until you hit this one.

Hawaii was an independent country.  A coup by Americans led to a request to
annex it.  The US refused, but eventually did annex it several years later
during the Spanish-American War.
--
"On the first day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Leftover Turkey!
On the second day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Turkey Casserole
    that she made from Leftover Turkey.
[days 3-4 deleted] ...  Flaming Turkey Wings! ...
   -- Pizza Hut commercial (and M*tlu/A*gic bait)

Ken Arromdee (arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53319
From: mayne@pipe.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>
>The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
>But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
>you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
>love you.

Same old bullshit. Not being given to delusions and wishful thinking
I do not have the option of either loving or obeying that which I have
so reason to believe.

>    The responsibility is on you to love God and take a step toward
>Him.  He promises to be there for you, but you have to look for yourself.
>Those who doubt this or dispute it have not givin it a sincere effort.

More bullshit. I assure you in my misguided youth I made a sincere effort.
It was very painful being a rational person raised in Christian home.
Many others could tell the same story. You choose not to believe anyone's
experience which contradicts your smug theories.

Bill Mayne

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53320
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: Societal basis for morality

In <1993Apr20.004119.6119@cnsvax.uwec.edu> nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye) 
writes:

>[reply to cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)]
> 
>>If morals come from what is societally accepted, why follow that? What
>>right do we have to expect others to follow our notion of societally
>>mandated morality?  Pardon the extremism, but couldn't I murder your
>>"brother" and say that I was exercising my rights as I saw them, was
>>doing what felt good, didn't want anyone forcing their morality on me,
>>or I don't follow your "morality" ?
> 
>I believe that morality is subjective.  Each person is entitled to his
>own moral attitudes.  Mine are not a priori more correct than someone
>elses.  This does not mean however that I must judge another on the
>basis of his rather than my moral standards.  While he is entitled to
>believe what his own moral sense tells him, the rest of society is
>entitled to pass laws spelling out punishments for behavior that is
>offensive to the majority.

Why? How? Might makes right? How can they force their morality on me? Why 
can't I do what I want? Who are they to decide? What if I disagree? 
> 
>Most criminals do not see their behavior as moral.  The may realize that
>it is immoral and not care.  They are thus not following their own moral
>system but being immoral.

Good point, but it is being immoral in our opinion.  We don't let them choose,
we make the decision that their actions are wrong for them.

  For someone to lay claim to an alternative
>moral system, he must be sincere in his belief in it and it must be
>internally consistent.  Some sociopaths lack an innate moral sense

I admit to lean toward the idea of an innate moral sense, but have little basis
for it as of yet.  How far can such a concept be extended?

 and
>thus may be incapable of behaving morally.  While someone like Hitler
>may have believed that his actions were moral, we may judge him immoral
>by our standards.

Do you mean that we could say it would be wrong for us to do such a thing but 
not him.  After all, he was behaving morally in his own eyes and doing what he
chose.  On what basis do we condemn other societies besides, here's the buzz 
words, on the idea that there are some actions wrong for all humans in all 
societies?

  Holding that morality is subjective does not mean
>that we must excuse the murderer.

Why not? Do we have to be objective suddenly?
> 
>David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
>This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
>must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

MAC
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53321
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Nicknames

In article <16BB6B6FE.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:

SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (SCOTT D. SAUYET) writes:

>Okay, how about
>                  Scott "Can anybody hear me?" Sauyet
>                       ssauyet@eagel.wesleyan.edu


	Could you speak up? I can't hear you....



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
		
		"My sole intention was learning to fly."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53322
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5pxqs.LM5@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
> dean.kaflowitz (decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com) wrote:
> 
> : Now, what I am interested in is the original notion you were discussing
> : on moral free agency.  That is, how can a god punish a person for
> : not believing in him when that person is only following his or her
> : nature and it is not possible for that person to deny what his or
> : her reason tells him or her, which is that there is no god?
> 
> Dean,
> 
> I think you're letting atheist mythology

Great start.  I realize immediately that you are not interested
in discussion and are going to thump your babble at me.  I would
much prefer an answer from Ms Healy, who seems to have a
reasonable and reasoned approach to things.  Say, aren't you the
creationist guy who made a lot of silly statements about
evolution some time ago?

> confuse you on the issue of
> Divine justice. According to the most fundamental doctrines of
> Christianity, When the first man sinned, he was at that time the
> entire human race and any "punishment" meted out would necessarily
> affect the entire race of which he was the sole representive.All
> humans coming after him would, being of the same race (species), share
> in that judgement. It has nothing to do with who deserves what.
> From the perspective of God, humanity is but one category of created
> things and that category is condemned. 

Duh, gee, then we must be talking Christian mythology now.  I
was hoping to discuss something with a reasonable, logical
person, but all you seem to have for your side is a repetition
of the same boring mythology I've seen a thousand times before.
I am deleting the rest of your remarks, unless I spot something
that approaches an answer, because they are merely a repetition
of some uninteresting doctrine or other and contain no thought
at all.

[..]

I have to congratulate you, though, Bill.  You wouldn't
know a logical argument if it bit you on the balls.  Such
a persistent lack of function in the face of repeated
attempts to assist you in learning (which I have seen
in this forum and others in the past) speaks of a talent
that goes well beyond my own, meager abilities.  I just don't
seem to have that capacity for ignoring outside influences.

Dean Kaflowitz



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53323
From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

In article <930420.105805.0x8.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>>In article <930419.115707.6f2.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew
>><mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>>> Which "liberal news media" are we talking about?
>> 
>> Western news in general, but in particular the American "mass media":
>> CBS, NBC, ABC, etc.  The general tone of the news during the whole
>> war was one of "those poor, poor Iraqis" along with "look how precisely
>> this cruise missile blew this building to bits".
> 
> Most odd.  Over here there was very little about the suffering of the Iraqi
> civilians until towards the end of the war; and then it was confined to the
> few remaining quality newspapers.

True.  At first, the news media seemed entranced by all the new gizmos
the military was using, not to mention the taped video transmissions from
the missiles as they zeroed in on their targets.  But later, and especially
after the bunker full of civilians was hit, they changed their tone.  It
seemed to me that they didn't have the stomach for the reality of war,
that innocent people really do die and are maimed in warfare.  It's like
they were only pro-Gulf-War as long as it was "nice and clean" (smart
missiles dropping in on military HQs), but not when pictures of dead,
dying, and maimed civilians started cropping up.  What naive hypocrites!

> 
>>>> How about all the innocent people who died in blanket-bombing in WW2?
>>>> I don't hear you bemoaning them!

[ discussion about blanket-bombing and A-bombs deleted.]
>>> 
>> All things considered, the fire-bombings and the atomic bomb were
>> essential (and therefore justified) in bringing the war to a quick
                            ^^^^^^^^^
>> end to avoid even greater allied losses.

I should have said here "militarily justified".  It seems from your
comments below that you understood this as meaning "morally justified".
I apologize.

> 
> What about the evidence that America knew Japan was about to surrender after
> Hiroshima but *before* Nagasaki?  Is that another lie peddled by the liberal
> media conspiracy?

I have often wondered about this.  I've always thought that the first bomb
should have been dropped on Japan's island fortress of Truk.  A good,
inpenatrable military target.  The second bomb could've been held back
for use on an industrial center if need be.  But I digress.

Yes, I have heard that we found evidence (after the war, BTW) that Japan
was seriously considering surrender after the first bomb.  Unfortunately,
the military junta won out over the moderates and rejected the US's
ulimatum.  Therefore the second bomb was dropped.  Most unfortunate, IMO.

> 
>> I, for one, don't regret it.
> 
> Nuke a Jap for Jesus!
> 

I don't regret the fact that sometimes military decisions have to be made
which affect the lives of innocent people.  But I do regret the 
circumstances which make those decisions necessary, and I regret the
suffering caused by those decisions.  

[...]

>>> Why all the fuss about Kuwait and not East Timor, Bosnia, or even Tibet?
>>> If Iraq is so bad, why were we still selling them stuff a couple of weeks
>>> before we started bombing?
>> 
>> I make no claim or effort to justify the misguided foreign policy of the
>> West before the war.  It is evident that the West, especially America,
>> misjudged Hussein drastically.  But once Hussein invaded Kuwait and 
>> threatened to militarily corner a significant portion of the world's
>> oil supply, he had to be stopped.
> 
> Oh, I see.  So we can overlook his using chemical weapons on thousands of
> people, but if he threatens your right to drive a huge gas-guzzling car,
> well, the man's gotta go.

Actually, it was the fact that both situations existed that prompted US
and allied action.  If some back-water country took over some other
back-water country, we probably wouldn't intervene.  Not that we don't
care, but we can't be the world's policman.  Or if a coup had occured
in Kuwait (instead of an invasion), then we still wouldn't have acted
because there would not have been the imminent danger perceived to
Saudi Arabia.  But the combination of the two, an unprovoked invasion
by a genocidal tyrant AND the potential danger to the West's oil 
interests, caused us to take action.

> 
> [ I've moved a paragraph from here to later on ]
> 

[...]
>> 
>> If we hadn't intervened, allowing Hussein to keep Kuwait, then it would
>> have been appeasement.
> 
> Right.  But did you ever hear anyone advocate such a course of action?  Or
> are you just setting up a strawman?
> 

I'm not setting up a strawman at all.  If you want to argue against the
war, then the only logical alternative was to allow Hussein to keep
Kuwait.  Diplomatic alternatives, including sanctions, were ineffective.

>>>>                                                           I guess we
>>>> shouldn't have fought WW2 either -- just think of all those innocent
>>>> German civilians killed in Dresden and Hamburg.
>>> 
>>> Yes, do.  Germans are human too, you know.
>> 
>> Sure.  What was truly unfortunate was that they followed Hitler in
>> his grandiose quest for a "Thousand Year Reich".  The consequences
>> stemmed from that.
> 
> Translation: "They were asking for it".
> 
Well, in a sense, yes.  They probably had no idea of what end Hitler
would lead their nation to.

> But what about those who didn't support Hitler's dreams of conquest?  It's
> not as if they democratically voted for all his policies.  The NSDAP got 43%
> in the elections of 1933, and that was the last chance the German people got
> to vote on the matter.

They suffered along with the rest.  Why does this bother you so much?
The world is full of evil, and circumstances are not perfect.  Many
innocents suffer due to the wrongful actions of others.  It it regretable,
but that's The-Way-It-Is.  There are no perfect solutions.

[...]
>>> 
>>> I look forward to hearing your incisive comments about East Timor and
>>> Tibet.
>>
>> What should I say about them?  Anything in particular?
> 
> The people of East Timor are still being killed by a dictatorship that
> invaded their country.  Hell, even Western journalists have been killed.  All
> this was happening before the Gulf War.  Why didn't we send in the bombers to
> East Timor?  Why aren't we sending in the bombers NOW?

Probably because we're not the saviors of the world.  We can't police each
and every country that decides to self-destruct or invade another.  Nor
are we in a strategic position to get relief to Tibet, East Timor, or
some other places.
> 
> [ Here's that paragraph I moved ]
> 
>>> What's your intent?  To sound like a Loving Christian?  Well, you aren't
>>> doing a very good job of it.
>> 
>> Well, it's not very "loving" to allow a Hussein or a Hitler to gobble up
>> nearby countries and keep them.  Or to allow them to continue with mass
>> slaughter of certain peoples under their dominion.  So, I'd have to
>> say yes, stopping Hussein was the most "loving" thing to do for the
>> most people involved once he set his mind on military conquest.
> 
> The Chinese government has a policy of mandatory abortion and sterilization
> of Tibetans.  Tibetan people are rounded up, tortured, and executed.  Amnesty
> International recently reported that torture is still widespread in China.
> 
> Why aren't we stopping them?  In fact, why are we actively sucking up to them
> by trading freely with them?

Tell me how we could stop them and I'll support it.  I, for one, do not
agree with the present US policy of "sucking up to them" as you put it.
I agree that it is deplorable.

> 
>>>> And as for poor, poor Rodney King!  Did you ever stop and think *why*
>>>> the jury in the first trial brought back a verdict of "not guilty"?
>>> 
>>> Yes.  Amongst the things I thought were "Hmm, there's an awful lot of white
>>> people in that jury."
>> 
>> So?  It was the *policemen* on trial not Rodney King!!
> 
> Erm, surely it's irrelevant who's on trial?  Juries are supposed to represent
> a cross-section of the population.

Are they?  Or are they supposed to reflect the population of the locale
where the trial is held?  (Normally this is where the crime is committed
unless one party or the other can convince the judge a change of venue
is in order.)  I'm not an expert on California law, or even US law, but
it seems that this is the way the system is set up.  You can criticize
the system, but let's not have unfounded allegations of racial 
prejudice thrown around.

> 
>> And under American law they deserved a jury of *their* peers!
> 
> You are saying that black people are not the peers of white people?

No, not at all.  The point is that the fact that there were no blacks
on the first jury and that Rodney King is black is totally irrelevant.

> 
>> This point (of allegedly racial motivations) is really shallow.
> 
> This idea of people only being tried before a jury of people just like them
> is really stupid.  Should the Nuremburg trials have had a jury entirely made
> up of Nazis?

Germans, perhaps.  "Peers" doesn't mean "those who do the same thing",
like having murderers judge murderers.  It means "having people from
the same station in life", presumably because they are in a better
position to understand the defendent's motivation(s).

> 
>>>> Those who have been foaming at the mouth for the blood of those
>>>> policemen certainly have looked no further than the video tape.
>>>> But the jury looked at *all* the evidence, evidence which you and I
>>>> have not seen.
>>> 
>>> When I see a bunch of policemen beating someone who's lying defenceless on
>>> the ground, it's rather hard to imagine what this other evidence might have
>>> been.
>> 
>> So?  It's "hard to imagine"?  So when has Argument from Incredulity
>> gained acceptance from the revered author of "Constructing a Logical
>> Argument"?
> 
> We're not talking about a logical argument.  We're talking about a court of
> law.  As the FAQ points out, some fallacious arguments are not viewed as
> fallacies in a court of law.

OK, granted.  However, you are using this reasoning as part of *your*
logical argument in this discussion.  This is not a court of law.

> 
>> If the facts as the news commentators presented them are true, then
>> I feel the "not guilty" verdict was a reasonable one.
> 
> Were you not talking earlier about the bias of the liberal media conspiracy?
> 
The media is not totally monolithic.  Even though there is a prevailing
liberal bias, programs such as the MacNeil-Lehrer News Hour try to give
a balanced and fair reporting of the news.  There are even conservative
sources out there if you know where to look.  (Hurrah for Rush!)

BTW, I never used the word "conspiracy".  I don't accept (without *far*
more evidence) theories that there is some all-pervading liberal
conspiracy attempting to take over all news sources.

>>> "Thou shalt not kill... unless thou hast a pretty good reason for killing,
>>>  in which case thou shalt kill, and also kill anyone who gets in the way,
>>>  as unfortunately it cannot be helped."
>>>                                  -- Jim Brown Bible for Loving Christians
>> 
>> Thanks mathew, I like the quote.  Pretty funny actually.  (I'm a 
>> Monty Python fan, you know.  Kind of seems in that vein.)
>> 
>> Of course, oversimplifying any moral argument can make it seem
>> contradictory.  But then, you know that already.
> 
> Ha ha, only serious.
> 
> I, an atheist, am arguing against killing innocent people.
> 
> You, a supposed Christian, are arguing that it's OK to kill innocent people
> so long as you get some guilty ones as well.

Hardly.  I didn't say that it's a Good Thing [tm] to kill innocent people
if the end is just.  Unfortunately, we don't live in a perfect world and
there are no perfect solutions.  If one is going to  resist tyranny, then
innocent people on both sides are going to suffer and die.  I didn't say
it is OK -- it is unfortunate, but sometimes necessary.

> 
> I, a moral relativist, am arguing that saturation bombing of German cities at
> the end of World War II was (as far as I can see) an evil and unnecessary act.

I would agree that it was evil in the sense that it caused much pain
and suffering.  I'm not so sure that it was unnecessary as you say.  That
conclusion can only be arrived at by evaluating all the factors involved.
And perhaps it *was* unnecessary as (let's say) we now know.  That doesn't
mean that those who had to make the decision to bomb didn't see it as
being necessary.  Rarely can one have full known of the consequences of
an action before making a decision.  At the time it may have seemed
necessary enough to go ahead with it.

But don't assume that I feel the bombing was *morally* justified -- I
don't!  I just don't condemn those who had to make a difficult
decision under difficult circumstances.

> 
> You, having criticised moral relativism in the past, are now arguing that I am
> in no position to judge the morality of allied actions at the end of the
> War.  

You certainly are not in such a position if you are a moral relativist.
I, as an absolutist, am in a position to judge, but I defer judgment.

> You are arguing that the actions need to be assessed in the particular
> context of the time, and that they might have been moral then but not moral
> now.

Wrong.  They were neither moral then nor now.  They seemed necessary to
those making the decisions to bring a quick end to the war.  I simply
refuse to condemn them for their decision.
> 
> Where's your Christian love?  Where's your absolute morality?  Oh, how quick
> you are to discard them when it suits you.  As Ivan Stang would say, "Jesus
> would puke!"

One day I will stand before Jesus and give account of every word and action;
even this discourse in this forum.  I understand the full ramifications of
that, and I am prepared to do so.  I don't believe that you can make the
same claim.

> 
> mathew

And BTW, the reason I brought up the blanket-bombing in Germany was
because you were bemoaning the Iraqi civilian casualties as being 
"so deplorable".  Yet blanket bombing was instituted because bombing
wasn't accurate enough to hit industrial/military targets in a
decisive way by any other method at that time.  But in the Gulf War,
precision bombing was the norm.  So the point was, why make a big
stink about the relatively few civilian casualties that resulted
*in spite of* precision bombing, when so many more civilians
(proportionately and quantitatively) died under the blanket bombing
in WW2?  Even with precision bombing, mistakes happen and some
civilians suffer.  But less civilians suffered in this war than
any other iany other in history!  Many Iraqi civilians went about their lives
with minimal interference from the allied air raids.  The stories
of "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi civilian dead is just plain bunk.
Yes, bunk.  The US lost 230,000 servicemen in WW2 over four years
and the majority of them were directly involved in fighting!  But 
we are expected to swallow that "hundreds of thousands" of 
*civilian* Iraqis died in a war lasting about 2 months!  And with 
the Allies using the most precise bombs ever created at that!  
What hogwash.  If "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi civilians died, 
it was due to actions Hussein took on his own people, not due to 
the Allied bombing.

Regards,

Jim B.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53324
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Is Morality Constant (was Re: Biblical Rape)

My last response in this thread fell into a bit-bucket and vanished
(though appearing locally).  I'll repost it, since I always feel
slighted when someone appears to ignore one of my postings in a
conversational thread, I don't want Rob to think I'm doing so.  Since
this is now dated, however, don't feel compelled to respond...

In article <1993Apr08.174942.45124@watson.ibm.com> strom@Watson.Ibm.Com (Rob Strom) writes:
>I was making two separate points, both of which attack
>"face value" Bible interpretation:
>
>(1) To judge the Bible's value today, you judge it based on
>    the way it is used today.  That is, what do commentators
>    actually say, what do rabbis teach, etc.

I suspect you meant this in context of the Jewish tradition you have
been referring to; one problem with a highly-interpreted tradition
like this is what happens when a schism occurs, and over time certain
large and influential branches of the heretical group come to favor
exactly a "face value" interpretation...

>(2) To judge the Bible's value when originally written,
>    you (a) read it in the context of its time (not
>    with today's assumptions), and (b) compare it to
>    the practices of surrounding people.

While the context of the time is important, value judgments must
ultimately be according to current understanding, or at least to some
base standard (relative stability/success of a society, e.g.).  This
is obviously true in comparing it to practices of surrounding people,
for instance: according to the Bible, the surrounding people were
immoral savages with repulsive and inhuman habits.  We need to look
rather at what those peoples were *really* like.  For instance, in
what way is it better to worship a single god whose presence is
symbolically strongest in a tent or temple over multiple gods some of
whose presence is symbolically represented in a statue?  By the
Bible's own terms idolatry is inherently evil, but I see no evidence
that the followers of the various other religions of the area and time
were particularly bad people, relative to the people in the Bible.

>[...scissors and cloth...] Now in the past, our ancestors
>did cut cloth with scissors, but they at least knew that
>their inhumane neighbors cut it with their bare teeth,
>so this was a relatively enlightened step forward from
>their earlier barbarism, and made the transition to
>modern civilized paper-cutting that much easier."

Sounds good, but it presupposes teeth-rending neighbors, which I see
no support for.  One can argue that post-facto assertion of inhumane
neighbors can be used to make moral points, but that doesn't mean that
the actual neighbors really were inhuman.  More to the point, such
dehumanization of the people across the river or over the mountain, or
even of a different people dwelling among us, is all too common.

>|> That complex
>|> and benign moral traditions have evolved based on particular mythic
>|> interpretations of that history is interesting, but I still don't
>|> think it fair to take that long tradition of interpretation and use it
>|> to attack condemnation of the original history.

Note that I'm speaking of historical interpretation here, for instance
claiming that Hammurabi's "an eye for an eye" was primitive brutal
retribution, while Moses' version was an enlightened benign fine
(because the tradition has since interpreted the phrase that way).  As
of 3000 years ago or so, they probably both meant the same thing.

>To be sure, I'm arguing from a parochial perspective.
>I belong to this tiny tribe which has struggled against
>overwhelming odds for survival as a distinct tribe,
>and this book is the book of my tribe.  The book commands
>us to dedicate ourselves to study, to improve the
>world, and to set an example as "a light to the nations".
>
>We've revered the book, and I think we've been successful:
>as scientists, as artists and musicians, as leaders
>in important humanitarian causes.  It's hard for me to
>separate the success of my people from the virtue
>of our book.  You'd have to argue that we'd have
>done significantly better with a different book or with no book,
>or that another tribe with a different book or
>with no book has done significantly better.

I don't belittle the accomplishments, particularly the intellectual
ones, of the Jewish people.  I have given up on trying to think by
analogy, since I don't know of any other 'tribe' that is at all
similar (the closest I can think of are the Romany, but I don't know
enough about them to make a meaningful comparison).  I think a
tradition of reflective study, of flexible rather than dogmatic
interpretation, is a good thing.  I think that with such an attitude a
case could be made that you could have done as well starting with a
1943 Captain America comic (or whatever the Babylonian equivalent
would have been).
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.


-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53325
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: "satanic" verses

Once again, this posting has been delayed for about a week by falling
between some software cracks...

In article <114525@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>As promised, here is Rafiq Zakaria's discussion of the nature of
>the so-called "satanic verses" from which Rushdie's title has been
>taken. (Rafiq Zakaria, _Muhammad and the Quran_, Penguin '91)

[Here follows an introduction to the controversial incident, and an
 apologetic explanation purporting to show why it couldn't actually
 have happened.  The historicity of the episode doesn't matter to what
 follows]

I don't know whether I'm quoting Gregg or Zakaria below.  Anyway, back
to current affairs,

>Rushdie has, by his own admission, drawn
>on the version given by [the orientalist] Watt 

Among others; this incident is not something Rushdie or Watt or anyone
else dug up from nowhere, it is a well known story, a myth if you
will, known (according to Umar Khan) to "Every Muslim school boy and
girl", and so presumably to Rushdie, and to Gibreel Farishta.

>and then allowed his
>imagination to run wild 

Yes, this is what writing fiction is all about.  Rushdie was writing
about a crisis of faith, and chose this myth to present it, by placing
the actor "Gibreel" in the role of the angel whose name he took.
Rushdie was not writing a history or theology book, and nowhere claims
or implies that this is what actually happened.  It's somewhat like
stories woven around the relationship between Jesus and the reformed
prostitute Mary Magdalene (another myth).  Or those referring to the
Arthurian mythos, or the Grail legend, or the Wandering Jew, or dozens
of others.  If you can stand to read the work of a blasphemer,
consider Salman Rushdie's children's book "Haroun and the Sea of
Stories" for an idea of the way a storyteller -- a specific
storyteller -- works with existing story lines.

>to ridicule Muhammad's integrity...

No.  Muhammad's [Mahound's] integrity is not really impugned in this
part of the story, and there's no reason to think this was Rushdie's
intent: Gibreel, as the archangel, produces the verses (divine and
satanic), though he doesn't know their provenance.  It is not implied
(in a straight reading) that Muhammad influences them:

    " *Not my voice* I'd never know such words I'm no classy speaker
    never was never will be but this isn't my voice it's a Voice.
      Mahound's eyes open wide, he's seeing some kind of vision,
    staring at it, oh, that's right, Gibreel remembers, me.  He's
    seeing me.  My lips moving, being moved by.  What, whom?  Don't
    know, can't say.  Nevertheless, here they are, coming out of my
    mouth, up my throat, past my teeth: the Words.
      Being God's postman is no fun, yaar.
      Butbutbut: God isn't in this picture.
      God knows whose postman I've been."

It's ambiguous: is Mahound somehow manipulating Gibreel?  Is it Satan?
Or something else?  The answer is not given.

To be sure, the question is raised.  This novel explores faith and the
role of revelation in religion, among other things.  Addressing loss
of faith implicitly raises questions about the truth of revelation,
but this novel proposes no answers, at least not directly.  The very
existence of a newsgroup named "alt.atheism" raises the same
questions, more forcefully, and does propose some answers, which is
the real relevance.  If Rushdie's mild fictional exploration is "filth
and lies", and he "asked for what he got", are we next on the fatwa
list?  (That's a rhetorical question, of course.)
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.


-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53326
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Who Says the Apostles Were Tortured?

Another article that fell between the cracks:

In article <1qiu97INNpq6@srvr1.engin.umich.edu> ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles) writes:
 As evidence for the Resurrection, it is often claimed that the Disciples
were tortured to death for their beliefs and still did not renounce
their claim that Jesus had come back from the dead.
 Now, I skimmed Acts and such, and I found a reference to this happening
to Stephen, but no others. Where does this apparently very widely held
belief come from? Is there any evidence outside the Bible? Is there any
evidence *in* the Bible? I sure haven't found any...

Briefly, no.  There is widespread folklore, but no good documentary
evidence, or even solid rumor, concerning the deaths of the Apostles.
Further, the usual context of such arguments, as you observe, is "No
Martyrs for a Lie": i.e. the willingness of these people to die rather
than recant is evidence for the truth of their belief.  This adds the
quite stronger twist that the proposed martyrs must have been offered
the chance of life by recanting.  Since we don't even know how or
where they died, we certainly don't have this information.  (By the
way, even in the case of Stephen it is not at all clear that he could
have saved himself by recanting).  The willingness of true believers
to die for their belief, be it in Jesus or Jim Jones, is
well-documented, so martyrdom in and of itself says little.  [See
1Kings18:20-40 for a Biblical account of the martyrdom of 450 priests
of Baal].


-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53327
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?

Another one rescued from the bit bucket...

Over the years the furor over this book has been discussed on a.a. and
elsewhere on the net.  Generally, the discussion comes down to the
contention on the one hand that TSV contains such blood libel against
Islam as to merit, if not death, than at least banning and probably
some sort of punishment; and on the other that Rushdie, particularly
as a non-muslim in a Western country, had every right to write and
publish whatever he chose, regardless of whether some muslims find it
offensive, without fear of persecution or death.  

I am naturally inclined to the latter position, but find myself in an
interesting position, because I think this is a fine book, only
incidentally concerned with Islam, and moreover I'm damned if I can
find anything malevolently offensive in it.

Over the years, when I have made this point, various primarily muslim
posters have responded, saying that yes indeed they have read the book
and had called it such things as "filth and lies", "I would rank
Rushdie's book with Hitler's Mein Kempf or worse", and so on.
Unfortunately, these comments are usually generalities, and attempts
to follow up by requesting explanations for what specifically is so
offensive have met either with stony silence, more generalizations, or
inaccurate or out-of-context references to the book [which lead me to
believe that few of them have actually read it].  Corrections and
attempts to discuss the text in context have been ignored.

Anyway, since I seem to be the only one following this particular line
of discussion, I wonder how many of the rest of the readership have
read this book?  What are your thoughts on it?  
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.


-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53328
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Is Morality Constant (was Re: Biblical Rape)

This response originally fell into a bit bucket.  I'm reposting it
just so Bill doesn't think I'm ignoring him.

In article <C4w5pv.JxD@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>Jim Perry (perry@dsinc.com) wrote:
>
>[Some stuff about Biblical morality, though Bill's quote of me had little
> to do with what he goes on to say]

Bill,

I'm sorry to have been busy lately and only just be getting around to
this.

Apparently you have some fundamental confusions about atheism; I think
many of these are well addressed in the famous FAQ.  Your generalisms
are then misplaced -- atheism needn't imply materialism, or the lack
of an absolute moral system.  However, I do tend to materialism and
don't believe in absolute morality, so I'll answer your questions.

>How then can an atheist judge value? 

An atheist judges value in the same way that a theist does: according
to a personal understanding of morality.  That I don't believe in an
absolute one doesn't mean that I don't have one.  I'm just explicit,
as in the line of postings you followed up, that when I express
judgment on a moral issue I am basing my judgment on my own code
rather than claiming that it is in some absolute sense good or bad.
My moral code is not particular different from that of others around
me, be they Christians, Muslims, or atheists.  So when I say that I
object to genocide, I'm not expressing anything particularly out of
line with what my society holds.

If your were to ask why I think morality exists and has the form it
does, my answer would be mechanistic to your taste -- that a moral
code is a prerequisite for a functioning society, and that humanity
probably evolved morality as we know it as part of the evolution of
our ability to exist in large societies, thereby achieving
considerable survival advantages.  You'd probably say that God just
made the rules.  Neither of us can convince the other, but we share a
common understanding about many moral issues.  You think you get it
from your religion, I think I get it (and you get it) from early
childhood teaching.

>That you don't like what God told people to do says nothing about God
>or God's commands, it says only that there was an electrical event in your
>nervous system that created an emotional state that your mind coupled
>with a pre-existing thought-set to form that reaction. 

I think you've been reading the wrong sort of comic books, but in
prying through the gobbledygook I basically agree with what you're
saying.  I do believe that my mental reactions to stimuli such as "God
commanded the genocide of the Canaanites" is mechanistic, but of
course I think that's true of you as well.  My reaction has little to
do with whether God exists or even with whether I think he does, but
if a god existed who commanded genocide, I could not consider him
good, which is supposedly an attribute of God.

>All of this being so, you have excluded
>yourself from any discussion of values, right, wrong, goood, evil,
>etc. and cannot participate. Your opinion about the Bible can have no
>weight whatsoever.

Hmm.  Yes, I think some heavy FAQ-reading would do you some good.  I
have as much place discussing values etc. as any other person.  In
fact, I can actually accomplish something in such a discussion, by
framing the questions in terms of reason: for instance, it is clear
that in an environment where neighboring tribes periodically attempt
to wipe each other out based on imagined divine commands, then the
quality of life will be generally poor, so a system that fosters
coexistence is superior, if quality of life is an agreed goal.  An
absolutist, on the other hand, can only thump those portions of a
Bible they happen to agree with, and say "this is good", even if the
act in question is unequivocally bad by the standards of everyone in
the discussion.  The attempt to define someone or a group of people as
"excluded from discussion", such that they "cannot participate", and
their opinions given "no weight whatsoever" is the lowest form or
reasoning (ad hominem/poisoning the well), and presumably the resort
of someone who can't rationally defend their own ideas of right,
wrong, and the Bible.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53329
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: Origins of the bible.

In article <1993Apr19.141112.15018@cs.nott.ac.uk>, eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (A.Wainwright) writes:
> Hi,
> 
> I have been having an argument about the origins of the bible lately with
> a theist acquaintance.  He stated that thousands of bibles were discovered
> at a certain point in time which were syllable-perfect.  This therefore
> meant that there must have been one copy at a certain time; the time quoted
> by my acquaintace was approximately 50 years after the death of Jesus.

You can tell your friend from me that I was in a publisher's
warehouse one time and saw thousands of copies of The Joy of
Cooking and every one of them was syllable-perfect.

I have since sold all I own and become a follower of The Joy
of Cooking.  The incident I mentioned convinced me, once and
for all, that The Joy of Cooking is inspired by god and the
one true path to his glory.

Dean Kaflowitz  May the Sauce be With You



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53331
From: jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <1qsum1INNg5k@shelley.u.washington.edu> jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan) writes:
>
>I think you've missed the point.  Take "alt.atheism" for instance.
>It's an exponent-based anagram.  When fully extended, it translates
>to:
>     Dig Tunnels Deep!
>     Store Grain Everywhere!
>     Prepare for the Coming Struggle!
>
>You'll no doubt recognize this as a quote from Chairman Mao.
>
>Thus, I think you'll have to admit that  atheists have a lot 
>more up their sleeve than you might have suspected. 
>
>Agnostics will be sent to the gulag under the Mao-atheist new order.

Now where did I put my little red book?  Or was that green?

Jim
--
If God is dead and the actor plays his part                    | -- Sting,
His words of fear will find their way to a place in your heart | History
Without the voice of reason every faith is its own curse       | Will Teach Us
Without freedom from the past things can only get worse        | Nothing

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53332
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

Dan Schaertel,,, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) wrote:

Since this is alt.atheism, I hope you don't mind if we strongly disagree...

: The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
: But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
: you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
: love you.     The responsibility is on you to love God and take a step toward
: Him.  He promises to be there for you, but you have to look for yourself.

Indeed, "knock and it shall be opened to you". Dan, why didn't this work?
I firmly believed in god for 15 years, but I eventually realised I was
only deluding myself, fearful to face the truth. Ultimately, the only reason
what kept me believing was the fear of hell. The mental states I 
had sillily attributed to divine forces or devil's attempts to 
destroy my faith were nothing more than my imagination, and it is easy
to achieve the same mental states at will. 

My faith was just learned fear in a disguise.

: Those who doubt this or dispute it have not givin it a sincere effort.

God is demanding too much. Dan, what was it I believed in for 15 years?
If sincere effort is equivalent to active suspension of disbelief -
what it was in my case - I'd rather quit. If god does not help me to
keep the faith, I can't go on. 

Besides, I am concerned with god's morality and mental health. Does
she really want us to _believe_ in herself without any help (revelations,
guidance, or anything I can feel)? If she has created us, why didn't
she make the task any easier? Why are we supposed to love someone who
refuses to communicate with us? What is the point of eternal torture
for those who can't believe?

I love god just as much as she loves me. If she wants to seduce me,
she'll know what to do. 

: Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
: that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
: Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
: the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
: know more than you do now. 

Your argument is of the type "you'll know once you try".
Yet there are many atheists who have sincerely tried, and believed
for many years, but were eventually honest enough to admit that 
they had lived in a virtual reality.

What else but reason I can use? I don't have the spiritual means 
Christians often refer to. My conscience disagrees with the Bible.
I don't even believe I have a soul. I am fully dependent on my
body - indeed, I _am_ this body. When it goes up with flames, so
does my identity. God can entertain herself with copies of me
if she wants.

: To learn you must accept that which you don't know.

What does this mean? To learn you must accept that you don't know 
something, right-o. But to learn you must _accept_ something I don't
know, why? This is not the way I prefer to learn. It is unwise to
merely swallow everything you read. Suppose I write a book telling
how the Great Invisible Pink Unicorn (tm) has helped me in my
daily problems, would you accept this, since you can't know whether
it is true or not?

Note that the GIPU is also omnipotent, omnipresent, and loves just
about everyone. Besides, He (and She) is guiding every writer on this planet,
you and me, and not just some people who write legendary stories
2000 years ago.

Your god is just one aspect of His and Her Presence.

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53333
From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Gulf War / Selling Arms

In article <930420.113512.1V3.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
> mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:

From a parallel thread.  Much about definitions of bombs, etc. deleted.
[...]

> 
>> Aaaahhh.  Tell me, how many innocents were killed in concentration camps?
>> mm-hmm.  Now, how many more were scheduled to enter concentration camps
>> had they not been shut down because they were captured by the allies?
>> mm-hmm.  Now, civilians died in that war.  So no matter what you do,
>> civilians die.  What is the proper course?
> 
> Don't sell the bastard arms and information in the first place.  Ruthlessly
> hunt down those who do.  Especially if they're in positions of power.
> 

Mathew, I agree.  This, it seems, is the crux of your whole position,
isn't it?  That the US shouldn't have supported Hussein and sold him arms
to fight Iran?  I agree.  And I agree in ruthlessly hunting down those
who did or do.  But we *did* sell arms to Hussein, and it's a done deal.
Now he invades Kuwait.  So do we just sit back and say, "Well, we sold
him all those arms, I suppose he just wants to use them now.  Too bad
for Kuwait."  No, unfortunately, sitting back and "letting things be"
is not the way to correct a former mistake.  Destroying Hussein's
military potential as we did was the right move.  But I agree with
your statement, Reagan and Bush made a grave error in judgment to
sell arms to Hussein.  So it's really not the Gulf War you abhor
so much, it was the U.S.'s and the West's shortsightedness in selling
arms to Hussein which ultimately made the war inevitable, right?

If so, then I agree.

[more deleted.]
> 
> mathew

Regards,

Jim B.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53334
From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics


Maddi Hausmann chirps:

>timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes: >

>>First of all, you seem to be a reasonable guy.  Why not try to be more >honest
>>and include my sentence afterwards that

>Honest, it just ended like that, I swear!

That's nice.

>Hmmmm...I recognize the warning signs...alternating polite and
>rude...coming into newsgroup with huge chip on shoulder...calls
>people names and then makes nice...whirrr...click...whirrr

You forgot the third equality...whirrr...click...whirrr...see below...

>Whirr click whirr...Frank O'Dwyer might also be contained
>in that shell...pop stack to determine...whirr...click..whirr

>"Killfile" Keith Allen Schneider = Frank "Closet Theist" O'Dwyer = ...

= Maddi "The Mad Sound-O-Geek" Hausmann

...whirrr...click...whirrr

--
Bake Timmons, III

-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53335
From: oser@fermi.wustl.edu (Scott Oser)
Subject: Re: Studies on Book of Mormon

I think that _The_Transcedental_Temptation_, by Paul Kurtz, has a good
section on the origins of Mormonism you might want to look at.

-Scott O.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53337
From: GMILLS@CHEMICAL.watstar.uwaterloo.ca (Phil Trodwell)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <timmbake.735175045@mcl> timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
>From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
>Subject: Amusing atheists and agnostics
>Date: 18 Apr 93 23:17:25 GMT

[some big deletions]
>
>Many atheists show a poor understanding of human nature, so many 
      ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^                
>people who would otherwise sympathize with their cause only shake their 
>heads in disbelief at such childish ranting.

Another in a string of idiotic generalizations.  Gad, I'm surprised I got 
this far down in the post.  I guess some just like seeing their names up on 
a CRT.  

Like me :-)



Phil Trodwell 

***   This space   ***|   "I'd be happy to ram a goddam 440-volt cattle
***    for rent.   ***|   prod into that tub with you right now, but not
***     (cheap)    ***|   this radio!"       -Hunter S. Thompson

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53338
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

Perhaps it's prophetic that the week "Where are they now?" appears and
I can claim to be a still-active old-timer, my news software gets bit
rot and ships outgoing articles into a deep hole somewhere...  Anyway,
here's a repost:

In article <1qi156INNf9n@senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU> tcbruno@athena.mit.edu (Tom Bruno) writes:
>
>Which brings me to the point of my posting.  How many people out there have 
>been around alt.atheism since 1990?  I've done my damnedest to stay on top of
>the newsgroup, but when you fall behind, you REALLY fall behind [...]

These days you don't have to fall far behind... Last Monday
(admittedly after a long weekend, but...) I had 800+ messages just in
those few days.  Aside from a hiatus while changing jobs last Fall
I've been here since 1990.

>Has anyone tried to
>keep up with the deluge?  Inquiring minds want to know!  Also-- does anyone
>keep track of where the more infamous posters to alt.atheism end up, once they
>leave the newsgroup?  Just curious, I guess.

Hell, Norway?  The rubber room at the funny farm?  Seminary?  It is
not given to us to know...
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53339
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: STRONG & weak Atheism

Did that FAQ ever got modified to re-define strong atheists as not those who
assert the nonexistence of God, but as those who assert that they BELIEVE in 
the nonexistence of God?  There was a thread on this earlier, but I didn't get
the outcome...

-- Adam "No Nickname" Cooper



********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
* (612) 696-7521		   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53340
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

In article <93Apr20.035421edt.47719@neat.cs.toronto.edu>, tgk@cs.toronto.edu (Todd Kelley) writes:
> In light of what happened in Waco, I need to get something of my
> chest.

Sadly understandable...

> 
> Faith and dogma are dangerous.  

Yes.

> 
> Religion inherently encourages the implementation of faith and dogma, and
> for that reason, I scorn religion.
> 
To be fair, you should really qualify this as semitic-western religions, but
you basically go ahead and do this later on anyway.

> I have expressed this notion in the past.  Some Christians debated
> with me whether Christianity leaves any room for reasoning.  I claimed
> rationality is quelled out of Christianity by faith and dogma.

Again, this should really be evaluated at a personal level.  For example, there
was only one Jesus (presumably), and he probably didn't say all that many
things, and yet (seemingly) billions and billions of Christian sects have
arisen.  Perhaps there is one that is totally dedicated to rationalism and
believes in Christ as in pantheism.  It would seem to go against the Bible, but
it is amazing what people come up with under the guise of "personal
interpretation".

> A philosopher cannot be a Christian because a philosopher can change his mind,
> whereas a Christian cannot, due to the nature of faith and dogma present
> in any religion.

This is a good point.  We have here the quintessential Christian: he sets up a
system of values/beliefs for himself, which work very well, and every
event/experience is understandable and deablable within the framework of this
system.  However, we also have an individual who has the inability (at least
not without some difficulty) to change, which is important, because the problem
with such a system is the same as with any system: one cannot be open minded to
the point of "testing hypotheses" against the basic premise of the system
without destroying whatever faith is invested therein, unless of course, all
the tests fail.  In other words, the *fairer* way would be to test and evaluate
moralities without the bias/responsibility of losing/retaining a system.

> 
> I claimed that a ``Christian philosopher'' is not a Christian,
> but is a person whose beliefs at the moment correspond with those
> of Christianity. Consider that a person visiting or guarding a prison
> is not a prisoner, unless you define a prisoner simply to be someone
> in a prison.
> Can we define a prisoner to be someone who at the moment is in a prison?
> Can we define a Christian to be someone who at the moment has Christian
> beliefs?  No, because if a person is free to go, he is not a prisoner.
> Similarly, if a person is not constrained by faith and dogma, he is not
> a Christian.

Interesting, but again, when it seems to basically boil down to individual
nuances (although not always, I will admit, and probably it is the
mass-oriented divisions which are the most appalling), it becomes irrelevant,
unfortunately.

> 
> I admit it's a word game.
> I'm going by the dictionary definition of religion:
>    ``religion n. 1. concern over what exists beyond the visible world,
>      differentiated from philosophy in that it operates through faith
>      or intuition rather than reason, ...''
>                                    --Webster's
> 
> Now let's go beyond the word game.  I don't claim that religion
> causes genocide.  I think that if all humans were atheist, there
> would still be genocide.  There will always be humans who don't think.
> There will always be humans who don't ask themselves what is
> the REAL difference between themselves and people with different
> colored skin, or a different language, or different beliefs.
> 

Granted

> Religion is like the gun that doesn't kill anybody.  Religion encourages
> faith and dogma and although it doesn't directly condemn people,
> it encourages the use of ``just because'' thinking.  It is
> ``just because'' thinking that kills people.
> 

In which case the people become the bullets, and the religion, as the gun,
merely offers them a way to more adequately do some harm with themselves, if I
may be so bold as to extend your similie?

> Sure, religion has many good qualities.  It encourages benevolence
> and philanthropy.  OK, so take out only the bad things: like faith,
> dogma, and tradition.  Put in the good things, like careful reasoning,
> and science.  The result is secular humanism.  Wouldn't it
> be nice if everyone were a secular humanist?   To please the
> supernaturalists, you might even leave God in there, but the secular
> emphasis would cause the supernaturalists to start thinking, and
> they too would realize that a belief in a god really doesn't put
> anyone further ahead in understanding the universe (OK, I'm just
> poking fun at the supernaturalists :-).

Also understandable... ;)

> 
> Of course, not all humans are capable of thought, and we'd still
> have genocide and maybe even some mass suicide...but not as much.
> I'm willing to bet on that.
> 
> Todd
> -- 
> Todd Kelley                       tgk@cs.toronto.edu
> Department of Computer Science
> University of Toronto
-- 

best regards,


********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
* (612) 696-7521		   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53342
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <C5qt5p.Mvo@blaze.cs.jhu.edu> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:

>In article <115694@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>>I think many reading this group would also benefit by knowing how
>>deviant the view _as I've articulated it above_ (which may not be
>>the true view of Khomeini) is from the basic principles of Islam. 

>From the point ov view of an atheist, I see you claim Khomeini wasn't
>practicing true Islam.  But I'm sure that he would have said the same about
>you.  How am I, a member of neither group, supposed to be able to tell which
>one of you two is really a true Muslim?

This is a very good point. I have already made the clear claim that
Khomeini advocates views which are in contradition with the Qur'an
and have given my arguments for this. This is something that can be
checked by anyone sufficiently interested. Khomeini, being dead,
really can't respond, but another poster who supports Khomeini has
responded with what is clearly obfuscationist sophistry. This should
be quite clear to atheists as they are less susceptible to religionist
modes of obfuscationism. 

So, to answer your question, the only way you can judge is by learning 
more about Islam, that is by reading the Qur'an and understanding it's 
basic principles. Once one has done this it is relatively easy to see 
who is following the principles of Islam and who is acting in a way at 
odds with Islam. Khomeini by attributing a superhuman status to twelve 
muslim historical leaders is at variance with one of basic principles 
of Islam, which is that no human being is metaphysically different than 
any other human being and in no sense any closer to God in metaphysical 
nature.


Gregg


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53343
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <11855@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:


>In article <116003@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>>This supports nothing. I have no reason to believe that this is 
>>piece is anything other than another anti-Islamic slander job.
>>I have no respect for titles, only for real content. I can look
>>up this article if I want, true. But I can tell you BCCI was _not_
>>an Islamic bank. Seeing as I'm spending my time responding to
>>propaganda (in responding to this little sub-thread) I really
>>don't feel a deep need to do more than make statements to the
>>effect that the propaganda is false. If someone wants to discuss
>>the issue more seriously then I'd be glad to have a real discussion,
>>providing references, etc.


>  But you must admit that this is a more thorough argument
>  supporting a proposition than your 'it's propganda because I say
>  so'.  I hope you can see why we might not find this argument 
>  compelling.  If you want to refute a point, then do so, but do it
>  right.



Well, again, I am doing as much as the poster I was replying too. I am
quite busy and really don't have the time to respond in full scholarly
form to every accusation that is flippantly made by someone who's 
being clearly antagonistic.


>  And have you ever considered that perhaps these people actually
>  believe what they say?  That they are not just spreading
>  propaganda? 


I have considered it. But if someone spreads falsehoods out of
ignorance then they are still spreading falsehoods. Those falsehoods
generally do not come out of nowhere but are produced by people
who know that what they are saying is (at _least_) not the whole
truth. I still consider such spreading of falsehoods propaganda
on some level.


> I'm not in a position to say, since I know nothing
>  about the situation.  That does not, in my estimation, qualify me
>  as having my head up my ass.


Bob, I never accused you of having your head up your ass! It takes
me quite some time in dealing with someone before accusing them of
having their head up their ass. I was accusing the original poster
(Benedikt, I believe) of being so impaired.


Cheers,

Gregg



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53344
From: ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill Ray)
Subject: Re: Who Says the Apostles Were Tortured?

: The willingness of true believers
: to die for their belief, be it in Jesus or Jim Jones, is
: well-documented, so martyrdom in and of itself says little.

It does say something about the depth of their belief.  Religion has
both deluded believers and con men.  The difference is often how far
they will follow their beliefs.

I have no first hand, or even second hand, knowledge of how the 
original apostles died.  If they began a myth in hopes of exploiting
it for profit, and followed that myth to the death, that would be
inconsistent.  Real con men would bail out when it was obvious it would 
lead to discomfort, pain and death.

The story in 1 Kings regarding the 450 prophets of Baal is of no
help in this debate.  One can easily assume that they believed that
no overwhelming vindication of Elijah would be forthcoming.  He was
simply a fool, who would be shown to be so.  The fire from heaven was
swift and their seizure and deaths were equally swift.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53346
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <C5r5C9.69B@unix.portal.com> danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock) writes:

>In article <C5qt5p.Mvo@blaze.cs.jhu.edu> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:

>>In article <115694@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>>>I think many reading this group would also benefit by knowing how
>>>deviant the view _as I've articulated it above_ (which may not be
>>>the true view of Khomeini) is from the basic principles of Islam. 

>>From the point ov view of an atheist, I see you claim Khomeini wasn't
>>practicing true Islam.  But I'm sure that he would have said the same about
>>you.  How am I, a member of neither group, supposed to be able to tell which
>>one of you two is really a true Muslim?

>Easy - just read the Koran. Because the Koran is perfect, there is
>no possibility of disagreement. :-) :-) 

Okay, I see smilies, so this isn't supposed to be a serious post.
On the other hand, I would suppose it does has some motivation behind
it. Apparently the idea is to poke fun at religion, but there is 
presumably some sort of reasoning behind it. As an argument, this 
statement is worthless. Presuming the Qur'an is a perfect religious 
text (whatever that might be) there is still plenty of room for 
disagreement about its implications for issues far from essentials.

I've already responded to the question of how a judgment might be made
between two people who in fact _do_ disagree about Islam, which doesn't
presume anything about the Qur'an other than its having sufficient
clarity for all important disputes about the basic principles of
Islam. This hardly constitutes a claim that no two people could have
disagreements about _all_ issues relevant to Islam.


Gregg


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53347
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism)

In article <1993Apr19.231641.21652@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:

>The positive aspect of this verse noted by Dr. Maurice Bucaille is that
>while geocentrism was the commonly accepted notion at the time (and for
>a long time afterwards), there is no notion of geocentrism in this verse
>(or anywhere in the Qur'an).

	There is no notion of heliocentric, or even galacticentric either.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
		
		"My sole intention was learning to fly."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53349
From: GMILLS@CHEMICAL.watstar.uwaterloo.ca (Phil Trodwell)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
>Subject: Societally acceptable behavior
>Date: Mon, 19 Apr 1993 13:39:39 GMT
>Merely a question for the basis of morality
>
>Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.
>1)Who is society
>2)How do "they" define what is acceptable?
>3)How do we keep from a "whatever is legal is what is "moral" "position?
>MAC

Wow! You got me thinking now!

This is an interesting question in that recently there has been a 
move in society to classify previously "socially unacceptable" yet legal 
activities as OK.  In the past it seems to me there were always two 
coexisting methods of social control.

First (and most explicit) is legal control.  That is the set of 
actions we define as currently illegal and having a specifically defined set 
of punishments.

Secondly (and somewhat more hidden) is social control.  These are 
the actions which are considered socially unacceptable and while not covered 
by legal control, are scrictly controled by social censure. Ideally (if 
socialization is working as it should) legal control is hardly ever needed 
since most people voluntarilly control their actions due to the pressure of 
social censure.

The control manifests itself in day-to-day life as "guilt" and 
"morality".  I've heard it said (and fully believe) that if it weren't for 
the VAST majority of people policing themselves, legal control would be 
absolutely impossible.

Lately (last 50, 100 years?) however there has been a move to 
attempt to dissengage the individual from societal control (ie. if it ain't 
illegal, then don't pick on me).  I'm not saying this is wrong, merely 
that it is a byproduct of a society which has:

	1) A high education level,
	2) A high exposure to alternative ideas via the popular media,
	3) A high level of institutionalized individual rights, and
	4) A "me" oriented culture.

I guess what I'm saying is that we appear to be in a state of transition, 
here in the western world in that we still have many ideas about what we can\
can't allow people to do based entirely on personal squeamishness, yet we 
are fully bent on maximizing individual freedoms to the max as long as 
those freedoms don't impinge on another's.

IMHO society is trying to persue two mutually exclusive ends here.  While we 
appreciate and persue individual rights (these satisfy the old 
territoriality and dominance instincts), the removal of socialized, 
inherent fears based on ignorance will result in the 
continued destabilization of society.  

I got no quick fix.  I have no idea how we can get ourselves out of this 
mess.  I know I would never consent to the roll-back of personal freedoms 
in order to "stabilize" society.  Yet I believe development of societies 
follow a Darwinian process which selects for stability.  Can we find a 
social model which maximizes indiv. freed.'s yet is stable?  Perhaps it is 
possible to live with a "non-stable" society?

Anybody see a way out?  Comments?

PS.  Therefore answer to question #3:  We don't.  Do we want to?



Phil Trodwell 

***   This space   ***|   "I'd be happy to ram a goddam 440-volt cattle
***    for rent.   ***|   prod into that tub with you right now, but not
***     (cheap)    ***|   this radio!"       -Hunter S. Thompson

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53350
From: mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Gulf War (was Re: Death Penalty was Re: Political Atheists?)

In article <930420.113512.1V3.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>Don't sell the bastard arms and information in the first place.  Ruthlessly
>hunt down those who do.  Especially if they're in positions of power.

I looked back at this, and asked some questions of various people and
got the following information which I had claimed and you pooh-poohed.
The US has not sold Iraq any arms.  Their navy is entirely made of
F-USSR vessels.  Their airforce (not including stuff captured from Kuwait
which I am not as sure about), doesn't include any US equipment.  Their
missiles are all non-US.  Their tanks are almost all soviet, with about
100 French tanks (older ones). The only US stuff in the Iraqi arsenal
is a few M113s.  Those were not sold to Iraq.  Iraq captured them from
other countries (like Kuwait).  Information is hard to prove.  You are
claiming that the US sold information?  Prove it. 

Now, how did the US build up Iraq again?  I just gave some fairly
conclusive evidence that the US didn't sell arms to Iraq.  Information
is hard to prove, almost certainly if the US did sell information, then that
fact is classified, and you can't prove it.  If you can provide some
useful evidence that the US sold arms or valuable intelligence to Iraq,
I am very interested, but not if you just make claims based on what
"everyone knows".

-- 
***************************************************************************
* mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu * Never program and drink beer at the same *
* M^2                          *  time.  It doesn't work.                 *
***************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53351
From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and anarchists

mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu writes:

>My turn
>I went back and reread your post.  All you did is attack atheism, and
>say that agnosticism wasn't as funny as atheism.  Nowhere does that
>imply that you are agnostic, or weak atheist.  As most people who post
>such inflammatory remarks are theists, it was a reasonable assumption.

Sorry, you're right.  I did not clearly state it.

>>Rule *2:  Condescending to the population at large (i.e., theists) will not
>>win many people to your faith anytime soon.  It only ruins your credibility.

>How am I being condescending to the population at large?  I am stating
>something that happened to be true for a long time, I couldn't believe
>that people actually believed in this god idea.  It was an alien concept
>to me.  I am not trying to win people to my faith as you put it.  I have
>no faith.  Religion was a non issue when I had the attitude above because
>it never even occurred to me to believe.  Atheist by default I guess you
>could say.

The most common form of condescending is the rational versus irrational
attitude.  Once one has accepted the _assumption_ that there is no god(s),
and then consider other faiths to be irrational simply because their
assumption(s) contradict your assumption, then I would say there's a
lack of consistency here.

Now I know you'll get on me about faith.  If the _positive_ belief that God
does not exist were a closed, logical argument, why do so many rational
people have problems with that "logic"?

But you, probably like me, seem to be a soft atheist.  Sorry for the flamage.

>The line about atheists haveing something up their sleeves is what seemed
>to imply that.  Sorry, been reading too much on the CLIPPER project lately,
>and the paranoia over there may have seeped in some.

;)  What is the CLIPPER project BTW?

>>Rule #4:  Don't mix apples with oranges.  How can you say that the
>>extermination by the Mongols was worse than Stalin?  Khan conquered >people
>>unsympathetic to his cause.  That was atrocious.  But Stalin killed >millions of
>>his own people who loved and worshipped _him_ and his atheist state!!  >>How can
>>anyone be worse than that?

>Many rulers have done similar things in the past, only Stalin did it
>when there was plenty of documentation to afix the blame on him.  The
>evidence is that some of the early European rulers ruled with an iron
>fist much like Stalin's.  You threw in numbers, and I am sick of hearing
>about Stalin as an example because the example doesn't apply.  You
>managed to get me angry with your post because it appeared to attack
>all forms of atheism.

It might have appeared to attack atheism in general, but its point was
that mass killing happens for all sorts of reasons.  People will hate who
they will and will wave whatever flag to justify it, be it cross or
hammer&sickle.  The Stalin example _is_ important not only because it's
still a widely unappreciated era that people want to forget but also
because people really did love him and his ideas, even after all that he
had wrought.

>The evidence I am referring to is more a lack of evidence than negative
>evidence.  Say I claim there are no pink crows.  I have never seen
>a pink crow, but that doesn't mean it couldn't exist.  But, this person
>here claims that there are pink crows, even though he admits he hasn't
>been able to capture one or get a photo, or find one with me etc.
>In a sense that is evidence to not believe in the existence of pink crows.
>That is what I am saying when I look at the evidence.  I look at the
>suppossed evidence for a deity, show how it is flawed, and doesn't show
>what theists want it to show, and go on.

First, all the pink crows/unicorns/elves arguments in the world will not
sway most people, for they simply do not accept the analogy.  Why?

One of the big reasons is that many, many people want something
beyond this life.  You can pretend that they don't want this, but I for
one can accept it and even want it myself sometimes.

And there is nothing unique in this example of why people want a God.
Can love as a truth be proven, logically?

>>themselves, namely, a god or gods.  So in principle it's hard to see how
>>theists are necessarily arrogant.

>Makes no sense to me.  They seem arrogant to make such a claim to me.
>But my previous refutation still stands, and I believe there may be
>another one on the net.

John the Baptist boasted of Jesus to many people.  I find it hard to see
how that behavior is arrogant at all.  Many Christians I know also boast
in this way, but I still do not necessarily see it as arrogance.  Of course,
I do know arrogant Christians, doctors, and teachers as well.  Technically,
you might consider the person who originally made a given claim to be arrogant,
Jesus, for instance.

>Are you talking about all atheism or just strong atheism?  If you are
>talking about weak atheism which I believe in, then I refuse such a claim.
>Atheism is a lack of belief.  I used good ol' Occam's Razor to make the
>final rejection of a deity, in that, as I see things, even if I
>present the hypothesises in an equal fasion, I find the theist argument
>not plausible.

I speak against strong atheism.  I also often find that the evidence
supporting a faith is very subjective, just as, say, the evidence supporting
love as truth is subjective.

>I believe I answered that.  I apologize for the (as you stated) incorrect
>assumption on your theism, but I saw nothing to indicate that you
>were an agnostic, only that you were just another newbie Christian
>on the net trying to get some cheap shots in.

No apology necessary.  :)
--
Bake Timmons, III

-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53353
From: geoff@poori.East.Sun.COM (Geoff Arnold @ Sun BOS - R.H. coast near the top)
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Ve

In article 1r1cl7INNknk@bozo.dsinc.com, perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:
>Anyway, since I seem to be the only one following this particular line
>of discussion, I wonder how many of the rest of the readership have
>read this book?  What are your thoughts on it?  

I read it. I found it wonderful. For some reason (no flames,
please), I was reminded of Hemingway, Carl Orff and Van Gogh (not
all at once, though).

---
Geoff Arnold, PC-NFS architect, Sun Select. (geoff.arnold@East.Sun.COM)
--------------------------------------------------+-------------------
"What if they made the whole thing up?            | "The Great Lie" by
 Four guys, two thousand years ago, over wine..." |    The Tear Garden


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53355
From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

[reply to frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)]
 
>>The problem for the objectivist is to determine the status of moral
>>truths and the method by which they can be established.  If we accept
>>that such judgements are not reports of what is but only relate to
>>what ought to be (see naturalistic fallacy) then they cannot be proved
>>by any facts about the nature of the world.
 
>This can be avoided in at least two ways: (1) By leaving the Good
>undefined, since anyone who claims that they do not know what it is is
>either lying or so out of touch with humanity as to be undeserving of a
>reply.
 
If the Good is undefined (undefinable?) but you require of everyone that
they know innately what is right, you are back to subjectivism.
 
>(2) By defining the Good solely in terms of evaluative terms.
 
Ditto here.  An evaluative statement implies a value judgement on the
part of the person making it.
 
>>At this point the objectivist may talk of 'self-evident truths'
 
Pretty perceptive, that Prof. Flew.
 
>>but can he deny the subjectivist's claim that self-evidence is in the
>>mind of the beholder?
 
>Of course; by denying that subject/object is true dichotomy.
 
Please explain how this helps.  I don't see your argument.
 
>>If not, what is left of the claim that some moral judgements are true?
 
>If nothing, then NO moral judgements are true.  This is a thing that
>is commonly referred to as nihilism.  It entails that science is of
>no value, irrepective of the fact that some people find it useful.  How
>anyone arrives at relativism/subjectivism from this argument beats me.
 
This makes no sense either.  Flew is arguing that this is where the
objectivist winds up, not the subjectivist.  Furthermore, the nihilists
believed in nothing *except* science, materialism, revolution, and the
People.
 
>>The subjectivist may well feel that all that remains is that there are
>>some moral judgements with which he would wish to associate himself.
>>To hold a moral opinion is, he suggests, not to know something to be
>>true but to have preferences regarding human activity."
 
>And if those preferences should include terrorism, that moral opinion
>is not true.  Likewise, if the preferences should include noTerrorism,
>that moral opinion is not true.  Why should one choose a set of
>preferences which include terrorisim over one which includes
>noTerrorism?  Oh, no reason.  This is patently absurd....
 
And also not the position of the subjectivist, as has been pointed out
to you already by others.  Ditch the strawman, already, and see my reply
to Mike Cobb's root message in the thread Societal Basis for Morality.
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53356
From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: He has risen!

[reply to kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)]
 
>Our Lord and Savior David Keresh has risen!
 
>He has been seen alive!
 
>Spread the word!
 
Jeez, can't he get anything straight.  I told him to wait for three
days.
 
GOD
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53357
From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: College atheists

I read an article about a poll done of students at the Ivy League
schools in which it was reported that a third of the students
indentified themselves as atheists.  This is a lot higher than among the
general population.  I wonder what the reasons for this discrepancy are?
Is it because they are more intelligent?  Younger?  Is this the wave of
the future?
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53358
From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

[reply to timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons]
 
>...the same kind of ignorance is demonstrated in just about every post
>in this newsgroup.  For instance, generalizations about Christianity
>are popular.
 
Which newsgroup have you been reading?  The few anti-Christian posts are
virtually all in response to some Christian posting some "YOU WILL ALL
BURN IN HELL" kind of drivel.
 
>I'm a soft atheist (courtesy of the FAQ), but even I know enough about
>the Bible to see that it repeatedly warns of false prophets preaching
>in the name of God.
 
Bake, it is transparently obvious that you are a theist pretending to be
an atheist.  You probably think you are very clever, but we see this all
the time.
 
>But the possibilities of creator and eternity carry with them too much
>emotional power to dismiss merely on the basis of this line.
 
But of course *you* have dismissed them because you are an atheist,
right?
 
>...just like any other religion, hard atheism is a faith.
 
In other words, you *didn't* read the FAQ after all.
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53359
From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: What's a shit shoveler to do? (was Re: Amusing atheists and)

[reply to jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan)]
 
>So, what's someone with a prediliction to shit-shoveling to do when the
>latest "I know what you atheists are about" arrival on a.a. shows up?
>Ignore the Bills, Bobbys, Bakes?  Try to engage in reasonable discourse?
>While flame-fests have been among some of the most entertaining threads
>here, other tugs-of-war with folks like Bobby have grown old before
>their time.
 
I take the view that they are here for our entertainment.  When they are
no longer entertaining, into the kill file they go.
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53361
From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu ("Half" Bake Timmons) writes: >
Maddi: >>

>>Whirr click whirr...Frank O'Dwyer might also be contained
>>in that shell...pop stack to determine...whirr...click..whirr
>
>>"Killfile" Keith Allen Schneider = Frank "Closet Theist" O'Dwyer = ...

>= Maddi "The Mad Sound-O-Geek" Hausmann

No, no, no!  I've already been named by "Killfile" Keith.
My nickname is Maddi "Never a Useful Post" Hausmann, and
don't you DARE forget it, "Half".

>-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
>than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

You really should quote Ivan Karamazov instead(on a.a), as he was
the atheist.

-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53362
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Athei

>DATE:   Tue, 20 Apr 1993 10:48:19 +0100
>FROM:   mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
>
>
>There's a great film called "Manufacturing Consent: Noam Chomsky and the
>Media".  It's a Canadian film; I saw it at the Berlin Film Festival this
>year.  If you get a chance, go and see it.
>
>I can't really recommend any books from having read them...  I'm thinking of
>ordering a book which a reviewer claimed gives a good introduction to his
>political activism.  I could dig up the title.
>
>mathew

Could it be _The Chomsky Reader_ edited by James Peck, published by Pantheon?



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53363
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

>DATE:   20 Apr 93 05:23:15 GMT
>FROM:   Bake Timmons <timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu>
>
>>Remember, Koresh "dried" for your sins.
>>
>>And pass that beef jerky.  Umm Umm.
>
>Though I wasn't there, at least I can rely on you now to keep me posted on what
>what he's doing.
>

What
A 
Cook
Off !



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53364
From: ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au (Jeffrey Clark)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:

>Merely a question for the basis of morality

>Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.

>1)Who is society

Society is the collection of individuals which will fall under self-defined
rules.  In terms of UN decisions all the sets of peoples who are represented
at the UN are considered part of that society. If we then look at US federal
laws provided by representatives of purely US citizens then the society for
that case would be the citizens of the US and so on.

>2)How do "they" define what is acceptable?

"Acceptable" are those behaviours which are either legislated for the
society by representatives of that society or those behaviours which are
non-verbally and, in effect, non-consciously, such as picking your nose on
the Oprah Winfrey show, no-one does it, but there is no explicit law against
doing it. In many cases there are is no definition of whether or not a
behaviour is "acceptable", but one can deduce these behaviours by
observation.


>3)How do we keep from a "whatever is legal is what is "moral" "position?

In an increasingly litigation mad society, this trap is becoming exceedingly
difficult to avoid. With the infusion and strengthening of ethnic cultures
in American (and Australian, to bring in my local perspective) culture the
boundaries of acceptable behaviour are ever widening and legislation may
eventually become the definition of moral behaviour. For instance, some
cultures' dominant religion call for live sacrifice of domesticated animals.
Most fundamental christians would find this practice abhorrent. However, is
it moral, according to the multicultural american society? This kind of
problem may only be definable by legislation. 

Obviously within any society there will be differences in opinion in what is
acceptable behaviour or not, and much of this will be due to different
environmental circumstances rather than merely different opinions.  

One thing is for sure, there is no universal moral code which will suit all
cultures in all situations.  There may, however, be some globally accepted
mores which can be agreed upon and instantiated as a globally enforcable
concept. The majority of mores will not be common until all peoples upon
this earth are living in a similar environment (if that ever happens).

Jeff 'Nonickname' Clark.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53365
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: You will all go to hell.

In article <1993Apr20.103345.2651@nuscc.nus.sg> cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes:
>From: cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan)
>Subject: Re: You will all go to hell.
>Date: Tue, 20 Apr 1993 10:33:45 GMT
>In article <93106.155002JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu> <JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu>  
>writes:
>> YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN 
>> GOD!!!!  BE PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>
>Arrgg!!  *Another* one of those?!
>Another letter to the Big Guy:
>
>Dear God,
>
>Please take them back to Heaven & leave us rational, intelligent
>people alone.
>
>Love,
>Meng
>
>
>--
>
>The UnEnlightened One
>------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
>                  | 
>Tan Chade Meng    | There is light at the end of the tunnel ...... 
>Singapore         | 
>cmtan@iss.nus.sg  | It's an on-coming train. 
>                  | 
>------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
>
>
Meng,

I have a better prayer:

Dear God,

     Please save the world from the likes of these!!!

Tammy

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53366
From: spbach@lerc.nasa.gov (James Felder)
Subject: Re: "So help you God" in court?

In article 013423TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu, Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
->In article <1993Apr9.151914.1885@daffy.cs.wisc.edu>, mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu
->(Mark McCullough) says:
->>
->>In article <monack.733980580@helium> monack@helium.gas.uug.arizona.edu (david
->>n->>monack) writes:
->>>Another issue is that by having to request to not be required to
->>>recite the "so help me God" part of the oath, a theistic jury may be
->>>prejudiced against your testimony even though atheism is probably not
->>>at all relevant to the case.
->>>
->>>What is the recommended procedure for requesting an alternate oath or
->>>affirmation?
->>>
->>>Dave

Sorry for using a follow-up to respond, but my server dropped about a weeks worth of news
when it couldn't keep up.

When the you are asked to swear "So help you god" and you have to say it, ask which one; Jesus,
Allah, Vishnu, Zues, Odin.  Get them to be specific.   Don't be obnoxious, just humbly ask, then 
quitely sit back and watch the fun.

---

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
James L. Felder			|
Sverdrup Technology,Inc.	|     phone: 216-891-4019
NASA Lewis Research Center     	|    
Cleveland, Ohio  44135         	|     email: jfelder@lerc.nasa.gov 
"Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, other people gargle"
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------




Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53370
From: cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <healta.145.734928689@saturn.wwc.edu>, healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:
[deletia wrt pathetic Jee-zus posting by Bissel] 
> I hope you're not going to flame him.  Please give him the same coutesy you'
> ve given me.

NO. He hasn't extended to US the courtesy you've shown us, so he don't get no
pie. Tammy, I respect your beliefs because you don't try to stamp them into
my being. I have scorn for posters whose sole purpose appears to be to
evangelize.
 
> 
> Tammy

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53371
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Who Says the Apostles Were Tortured?

The traditions of the church hold that all the "apostles" (meaning the 11
surviving disciples, Matthias, Barnabas and Paul) were martyred, except for
John.  "Tradition" should be understood to read "early church writings other
than the bible and heteroorthodox scriptures".
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53373
From: spbach@lerc.nasa.gov (James Felder)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article 734849678@saturn.wwc.edu, bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:
->	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
->makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
->lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
->writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
->in the process he became a Christian himself.

Sounds like you are saying he was a part of some conspiracy.  Just what organization did he 
belong to? Does it have a name?

->	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
->modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.

Logic alert - artificial trifercation.  The are many other possible explainations.  Could have been
that he never existed.  There have been some good points made in this group that is not 
impossible  that JC is an amalgam of a number of different myths, Mithra comes to mind.

->	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
->die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 
->gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
->someone who was or had been healed.  Call me a fool, but I believe he did 
->heal people.  


Logic alert -  argument from incredulity.  Just because it is hard for you to believe this doesn't
mean that it isn't true.  Liars can be very pursuasive, just look at Koresh that you yourself site.
He has followers that don't think he is a fake and they have shown that they are willing to die.
By not giving up after getting shot himself, Koresh has shown that he too is will to die for what 
he believes.  As far as healing goes.  If I rememer right the healing that was attributed is not
consistent between the different gospels.  In one of them the healing that is done is not any more 
that faith healers can pull off today.  Seems to me that the early gospels weren't that compeling,
so the stories got bigger to appeal better.

->	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
->to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
->anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
->this right away.
->	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
->real thing.  


Or might not have existed, or any number of things.  That is the logical pitfall that those who
use flawed logic like this fall into.  There are bifurcations (or tri, quad, etc) that are valid, because
in the proceeding steps, the person shows conclusively that the alternatives are all that are 
possible.  Once everyone agrees that the given set is indeed all there are, then arguments among
the alternatives can be presentent, and one mostly likely to be true can be deduced by excluding
all other possible alternatives.

However, if it can be shown that the set is not all inclusive, then any conclusions bases on the 
incomplete set are invalid, even if the true choice is one of the original choices.  I have given at 
least one valid alternative, so the conclusion that JC is the real McCoy just because he isn't one of
the other two alternative is no longer valid.

->	Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
->the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.  This in his betrayal 
->and Crucifixion.  I don't have my Bible with me at this moment, next time I 
->write I will use it.

JC was a rabbi.  He knew what those prophecies were.  It wouldn't be any great shakes to make
sure one does a list of actions that would fullfill prophecy.  What would be compeling is if there
were a set of clear and explicit prophecies AND JC had absolutely NO knowledge of then,  yet 
fullfilled them anyway.

->	I don't think most people understand what a Christian is.  It 
->is certainly not what I see a lot in churches.  Rather I think it 
->should be a way of life, and a total sacrafice of everything for God's 
->sake.  He loved us enough to die and save us so we should do the 
->same.  Hey we can't do it, God himself inspires us to turn our lives 
->over to him.  That's tuff and most people don't want to do it, to be a 
->real Christian would be something for the strong to persevere at.  But 
->just like weight lifting or guitar playing, drums, whatever it takes 
->time.  We don't rush it in one day, Christianity is your whole life.  
->It is not going to church once a week, or helping poor people once in 
->a while.  We box everything into time units.  Such as work at this 
->time, sports, Tv, social life.  God is above these boxes and should be 
->carried with us into all these boxes that we have created for 
->ourselves.  

Here I agree with you.  Anyone who buys into this load of mythology should take what it says 
seriously, and what it says is that it must be a total way of life.  I have very little respect for 
Xians that don't.  If the myth is true, then it is true in its entirity.  The picking and choosing
that I see a lot of leaves a bad taste in my mouth.

Jim	  




---

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
James L. Felder			|
Sverdrup Technology,Inc.	|     phone: 216-891-4019
NASA Lewis Research Center     	|    
Cleveland, Ohio  44135         	|     email: jfelder@lerc.nasa.gov 
"Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, other people gargle"
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------




Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53374
From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

>>>>> On Fri, 16 Apr 1993 02:51:29 GMT, healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) said:
TRH> I hope you're not going to flame him.  Please give him the same coutesy you'
TRH> ve given me.

But you have been courteous and therefore received courtesy in return.  This
person instead has posted one of the worst arguments I have ever seen
made from the pro-Christian people.  I've known several Jesuits who would
laugh in his face if he presented such an argument to them.

Let's ignore the fact that it's not a true trilemma for the moment (nice
word Maddi, original or is it a real word?) and concentrate on the
liar, lunatic part.

The argument claims that no one would follow a liar, let alone thousands
of people.  Look at L. Ron Hubbard.  Now, he was probably not all there,
but I think he was mostly a liar and a con-artist.  But look at how many
thousands of people follow Dianetics and Scientology.  I think the 
Baker's and Swaggert along with several other televangelists lie all
the time, but look at the number of follower they have.

As for lunatics, the best example is Hitler.  He was obviously insane,
his advisors certainly thought so.  Yet he had a whole country entralled
and came close to ruling all of Europe.  How many Germans gave their lives
for him?  To this day he has his followers.

I'm just amazed that people still try to use this argument.  It's just
so obviously *wrong*.
















--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53375
From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

>>>>> On 16 Apr 93 05:10:18 GMT, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) said:

RB> In article <ofnWyG600WB699voA=@andrew.cmu.edu> pl1u+@andrew.cmu.edu (Patrick C Leger) writes:
>EVER HEAR OF
>BAPTISM AT BIRTH?  If that isn't preying on the young, I don't know what
>is...
>
RB>   
RB>   No, that's praying on the young.  Preying on the young comes
RB>   later, when the bright eyed little altar boy finds out what the
RB>   priest really wears under that chasible.

The same thing Scotsmen where under there kilt.

I'll never forget the day when I was about tweleve and accidently
walked in on a roomfull of priests sitting around in their underware
drinking beer and watching football.  

Kind of changed my opinion a bit.  They didn't seem so menacing after
that.


--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53376
From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: Victims of various 'Good Fight's

>>>>> On 12 Apr 93 21:36:33 +0930, 9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au (The Desert Brat) said:

TDB> 12. Disease introduced to Brazilian * oher S.Am. tribes: x million

To be fair, this was going to happen eventually.  Given time, the Americans
would have reached Europe on their own and the same thing would have 
happened.  It was just a matter of who got together first.

--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53377
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
> In article <1993Apr15.125245.12872@abo.fi> MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats
> Andtbacka) writes:
> |      "And these objective values are ... ?"
> |Please be specific, and more importantly, motivate.
> 
> I'll take a wild guess and say Freedom is objectively valuable.

Yes, but whose freedom?  The world in general doesn't seem to value the
freedom of Tibetans, for example.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53380
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: KORESH IS GOD!

The latest news seems to be that Koresh will give himself up once he's
finished writing a sequel to the Bible.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53381
From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

a> In article <1qi156INNf9n@senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU>, tcbruno@athena.mit.edu (Tom Bruno) writes:
> 
..stuff deleted...
> 
> Which brings me to the point of my posting.  How many people out there have 
> been around alt.atheism since 1990?  I've done my damnedest to stay on top of
...more stuff deleted...

Hmm, USENET got it's collective hooks into me around 1987 or so right after I
switched to engineering.  I'd say I started reading alt.atheism around 1988-89.
I've probably not posted more than 50 messages in the time since then though.
I'll never understand how people can find the time to write so much.  I
can barely keep up as it is.

--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53382
From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

[reply to frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)]
 
>>I'm one of those people who does not know what the word objective means
>>when put next to the word morality.  I assume its an idiom and cannot
>>be defined by its separate terms.
 
>>Give it a try.
 
>Objective morality is morality built from objective values.
 
From A Dictionary of Philosophy, by Anthony Flew:
 
"Objectivism:  The belief that there are certain moral truths that would
remain true whatever anyone or everyone thought or desired.  For
instance, 'No one should ever deliberately inflict pain on another
simply to take pleasure in his suffering' might be thought of as a
plausible example.  Even in a world of sadists who all rejected it, the
contention remains true, just as '5 + 7 = 12' remains correct even if
there is no one left to count.  The problem for the objectivist is to
determine the status of moral truths and the method by which they can be
established.  If we accept that such judgements are not reports of what
is but only relate to what ought to be (see naturalistic fallacy) then
they cannot be proved by any facts about the nature of the world.  Nor
can they be analytic, since this would involve lack of action-guiding
content;  'One ought always to do the right thing' is plainly true in
virtue of the vords involved but it is unhelpful as a practical guide to
action (see analytic and synthetic).  At this point the objectivist may
talk of 'self-evident truths', but can he deny the subjectivist's claim
that self-evidence is in the mind of the beholder?  If not, what is left
of the claim that some moral judgements are true?  THe subjectivist may
well feel that all that remains is that there are some moral judgements
with which he would wish to associate himself.  To hold a moral opinion
is, he suggests, not to know something to be true but to have
preferences regarding human activity."
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53383
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <1993Apr15.135650.28926@st-andrews.ac.uk> nrp@st-andrews.ac.uk (Norman R. Paterson) writes:

>I don't think you're right about Germany.  My daughter was born there and
>I don't think she has any German rights eg to vote or live there (beyond the
>rights of all EC citizens).  She is a British citizen by virtue of
>her parentage, but that's not "full" citizenship.  For example, I don't think
>her children could be British by virtue of her in the same way.

I am fairly sure that she could obtain citizenship by making an
application for it. It might require immigration to Germany, but
I am almost certain that once applied for citizenship is inevitable
in this case.

>More interesting is your sentence, 

>>In fact, many people try to come to the US to have their children
>>born here so that they will have some human rights.

>How does the US compare to an Islamic country in this respect?  Do people
>go to Iran so their children will have some human rights?  Would you?

More interesting only for your propaganda purposes. I have said several
times now that I don't consider Iran particularly exemplary as a good
Islamic state. We might talk about the rights of people in "capitalist
secular" third world countries to give other examples of the lack of
rights in third world countries broadly. Say, for example, Central
American secular capitalist countries whose govt's the US supports
but who Amnesty International has pointed out are human rights vacua.


Gregg





Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53387
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <11825@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>In article <C5Jxru.2t8@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
Cobb) writes:
>>What do you base your belief on atheism on?  Your knowledge and reasoning? 
>>COuldn't that be wrong?
>>

>  Actually, my atheism is based on ignorance.  Ignorance of the
>  existence of any god.  Don't fall into the "atheists don't believe
>  because of their pride" mistake.

How do you know it's based on ignorance, couldn't that be wrong? Why would it
be wrong 
to fall into the trap that you mentioned? 

Also, if I may, what the heck where we talking about and why didn't I keep 
some comments on there to see what the line of thoughts were?

MAC
 


>/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

>Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

>They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
>and sank Manhattan out at sea.

>^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53389
From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: KORESH IS GOD!

>>>>> On Fri, 16 Apr 1993 14:15:20 +0100, mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> said:

m> The latest news seems to be that Koresh will give himself up once he's
m> finished writing a sequel to the Bible.

Also, it's the 16th now.  Can the Feds get him on tax evasion?  I don't
remember hearing about him running to the Post Office last night.

--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53390
From: mcgoy@unicorn.acs.ttu.edu (David McGaughey)
Subject: Re: THE POPE IS JEWISH!

west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:
> THE POPE IS JEWISH

I always thought that the Pope was a bear.

You know, because of that little saying:

Does a bear shit in the woods?
Is the Pope Catholic?

There MUST be SOME connection between those two lines!


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53391
From: kellyb@ccsua.ctstateu.edu
Subject: Re: Bible Quiz

In article <kmr4.1563.734805744@po.CWRU.edu>, kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
> In article <1qgbmt$c4f@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> cr866@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Frank D. Kirschner) writes:
> 
>> ---
> 
>    Only when the Sun starts to orbit the Earth will I accept the Bible. 
>         
> 
     Since when does atheism mean trashing other religions?There must be a God
     of inbreeding to which you are his only son.

                                                  Pope John Paul

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53393
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <C5s9zM.9E0@cbnewsj.cb.att.com> decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz) writes:
>From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
>Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!
>Date: Tue, 20 Apr 1993 13:11:38 GMT
>In article <C5LH4p.27K@portal.hq.videocart.com>, dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
>> JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu () writes:
>> : YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
>> : PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>> 
>>   What do you mean "be prepared" ?? Surrounded by thumpers like yourself
>> has proven to be hellish enough . . . and I'm not even dead yet !!
>
>Well here's how I prepared.  I got one of those big beach
>umbrellas, some of those gel-pack ice things, a big Coleman cooler
>which I've loaded up with Miller Draft (so I like Miller Draft,
>so sue me), a new pair of New Balance sneakers, a Sony
>Watchman, and a couple of cartons of BonTon Cheddar Cheese
>Popcorn.
>
>I haven't decided what to wear yet.  What does one wear to an
>eternal damnation?
>
>Dean Kaflowitz
>
You should wear your nicest boxer shorts and bring plenty of SPF 45+ 
sunscreen.  I'll grab my bathing suit, towerl and some veggie hotdogs and we 
can have bonfire cookout!!
Does that sound good enough to you, Dean?
EVERY a.a poster is invited!!!

Tammy "No-trim" Healy

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53394
From: David O Hunt <bluelobster+@CMU.EDU>
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
>Actually, it was the fact that both situations existed that prompted US
>and allied action.  If some back-water country took over some other
>back-water country, we probably wouldn't intervene.  Not that we don't
>care, but we can't be the world's policman.  Or if a coup had occured
>in Kuwait (instead of an invasion), then we still wouldn't have acted
>because there would not have been the imminent danger perceived to
>Saudi Arabia.  But the combination of the two, an unprovoked invasion
>by a genocidal tyrant AND the potential danger to the West's oil 
>interests, caused us to take action.

There are many indications that would have taken place had Saddam
been wanting or planning on going into Saudi Arabia.  There were
none.  This has been openly stated by ex-Pentagon analysts.  Pull.

From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
>I'm not setting up a strawman at all.  If you want to argue against the
>war, then the only logical alternative was to allow Hussein to keep
>Kuwait.  Diplomatic alternatives, including sanctions, were ineffective.

Actually, reports from other mid-east countries showed that Hussein
was ready to make concessions due to the sanctions.  We just didn't want
him to - we wanted to crush him, as well as battle-test all these high
tech toys we've built over the years.

From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
>Probably because we're not the saviors of the world.  We can't police each
>and every country that decides to self-destruct or invade another.  Nor
>are we in a strategic position to get relief to Tibet, East Timor, or
>some other places.

We're also hypocrites of the first magnitude.  Obviously, we don't give
a shit about freedom and democracy.  All we care about is our oil.  Oh,
and the excuse, now that the Soviets are gone from the board, to keep
a sizable military presence in the gulf region.  Care to make bets about
when ALL our troops will come home?

Basically, Saddam was OK with us.  He was a killer, who tortured his
own people, used gas on them, and other horrors - he was a brutal
dictator, but he was OUR brutal dictator.  Once he said "fuck you" to
the US, he became the next Hitler.  The same for Noriega.  He was a
bastard, but he was OUR bastard...until he changed his mind and went
his own way.  Then we had to get rid of him.



David Hunt - Graduate Slave |     My mind is my own.      | Towards both a
Mechanical Engineering      | So are my ideas & opinions. | Palestinian and
Carnegie Mellon University  | <<<Use Golden Rule v2.0>>>  | Jewish homeland!
====T=H=E=R=E===I=S===N=O===G=O=D=========T=H=E=R=E===I=S===N=O===G=O=D=====
Email:  bluelobster+@cmu.edu    Working towards my "Piled Higher and Deeper"

It will be a great day when scientists and engineers have all the R&D money
they need and religions have to beg for money to pay the priest.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53396
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In article <C5s9tv.10H@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
> In <1qvh8tINNsg6@citation.ksu.ksu.edu> yohan@citation.ksu.ksu.edu (Jonathan W 
> Newton) writes:
> 
> 
>>In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
> Cobb) writes:
>>>Merely a question for the basis of morality
>>>
>>>Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.
> 
>>I disagree with these.  What society thinks should be irrelevant.  What the
>>individual decides is all that is important.
> 
> This doesn't seem right.  If I want to kill you, I can because that is what I
> decide?

Exactly.  Although this may be a dissapointing answer, there has to be an
interplay of the two.  Personal Ethos and Societal Morality.  A person's
self-generated/learned set of beliefs are usually expressed on a purely
mental/verbal level, and don't usually find expression in society except in an
impure (not in the sense of bad :) ) state.  Sometimes this has to be so.

>>>
>>>1)Who is society
> 
>>I think this is fairly obvious
> 
> Not really.  If whatever a particular society mandates as ok is ok, there are
> always some in the "society" who disagree with the mandates, so which 
> societal mandates make the standard for morality?

Also, what if one feels oneself to be part of more than one society, in a very
real sense?  To use the obvious example, there is a political society, and a
racial society, and a gender society, and sometimes they do not always agree on
every issue...

>  >>
>>>2)How do "they" define what is acceptable?
> 
>>Generally by what they "feel" is right, which is the most idiotic policy I can
>>think of.
> 
> So what should be the basis? Unfortunately I have to admit to being tied at 
> least loosely to the "feeling", in that I think we intuitively know some things
> to be wrong.  Awfully hard to defend, though.


Yes.  Perhaps with an infamous "do what you want so long as it doesn't hurt
others?"  The problem with this is that it is merely saying what you CAN do: it
is not a morality in that it doesn't propound any specifically preferred
behaviours.

>>>
>>>3)How do we keep from a "whatever is legal is what is "moral" "position?
> 
>>By thinking for ourselves.
> 
> I might agree here.  Just because certain actions are legal does not make them
> "moral".

I'll add a hearty "me two".  However, one could just as well say just because
certain actions are moral does not make them legal: one still doesn't really
get an impression of which one is truly "right".


>>>
>>>MAC
>>>--
>>>****************************************************************
>>>                                                    Michael A. Cobb
>>> "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
>>>    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
>>>          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
>>>                                              
>>>With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar 
> deficits.
> 
> --
> ****************************************************************
>                                                     Michael A. Cobb
>  "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
>     class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
>           -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
>                                               
> Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton


best regards,

********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
* (612) 696-7521		   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53397
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In article <C5sA29.14s@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
> I guess I'm delving into a religious language area.  What exactly is morality 
> or morals?  

I hope there is not one- with a subject like this you just have a spiral.  What
would then be a morality of a morality of morals.  Labels don't make arguments. 
One really needs a solid measuring stick by which most actions can be
interpreted, even though this would hardly seem moral.  For example "The best
thing for me is to ensure that I will eat and drink enough.  Hence all actions
must be weighed against this one statement."  whatever helps this goal is
"moral", whatever does not is "immoral"

Of course this leads such a blank space: there are so many different ways to
fulfill a goal, one would need a "hyper-morality" to apply to just the methods.

>I never thought of eating meat to be moral or immoral, but I think
> it could be.  How do we differentiate between not doing something because it is
> a personal choice or preference and not doing something because we see it as 
> immoral?  Do we fall to what the basis of these morals are?

Seems to me we only consider something moral or immoral if we stop to think
about it long enough  :)  On the other hand, maybe it is our first gut
reaction...  Which?  Who knows: perhaps here we have a way to discriminate
morals.  I don't instinctively thing vegetarianism is right (the same way I
instinctively feel torture is wrong), but if I thought about it long enough and
listened to the arguments, I could perhaps reason that it was wrong (is that
possible!?  :) )  See the difference?

> 
> Also, consensus positions fall to a might makes right.  Or, as you brought out,
> if whatever is right is what is societally mandated then whoever is in control
> at the time makes what is right
> 
> MC
> MAC
> --
> ****************************************************************
>                                                     Michael A. Cobb
>  "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
>     class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
>           -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
>                                               
> Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton
-- 


best regards,

--Adam

********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
* (612) 696-7521		   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53398
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: Societal basis for morality

In article <C5sAD7.1DM@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
> In <1993Apr20.004119.6119@cnsvax.uwec.edu> nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye) 
> writes:
> 
>>[reply to cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)]
>> 
>>>If morals come from what is societally accepted, why follow that? What
>>>right do we have to expect others to follow our notion of societally
>>>mandated morality?  Pardon the extremism, but couldn't I murder your
>>>"brother" and say that I was exercising my rights as I saw them, was
>>>doing what felt good, didn't want anyone forcing their morality on me,
>>>or I don't follow your "morality" ?
>> 
>>I believe that morality is subjective.  Each person is entitled to his
>>own moral attitudes.  Mine are not a priori more correct than someone
>>elses.  This does not mean however that I must judge another on the
>>basis of his rather than my moral standards.  While he is entitled to
>>believe what his own moral sense tells him, the rest of society is
>>entitled to pass laws spelling out punishments for behavior that is
>>offensive to the majority.
> 
> Why? How? Might makes right? How can they force their morality on me? Why 
> can't I do what I want? Who are they to decide? What if I disagree? 


Well I agree with you in the sense that they have no "moral" right to inflict
these rules, but there is one thing I might add: at the very least, almost
everybody wants to avoid pain, and if that means sacrificing some stuff for a
herd morality, then so be it.  

>> 
>>Most criminals do not see their behavior as moral.  The may realize that
>>it is immoral and not care.  They are thus not following their own moral
>>system but being immoral.
> 
> Good point, but it is being immoral in our opinion.  We don't let them choose,
> we make the decision that their actions are wrong for them.

Right, and since they grew up and learned around us, they have some idea of our
right and wrong, which I think must, in part, be incorporated.  Very rarely do
you see criminal behaviour for "philosophical reasons"


> 
>   For someone to lay claim to an alternative
>>moral system, he must be sincere in his belief in it and it must be
>>internally consistent.  Some sociopaths lack an innate moral sense
> 
> I admit to lean toward the idea of an innate moral sense, but have little basis
> for it as of yet.  How far can such a concept be extended?
> 

(stuff deleted)

> Do you mean that we could say it would be wrong for us to do such a thing but 
> not him.  After all, he was behaving morally in his own eyes and doing what he
> chose.  On what basis do we condemn other societies besides, here's the buzz 
> words, on the idea that there are some actions wrong for all humans in all 
> societies?
> 
>>   Holding that morality is subjective does not mean
>>that we must excuse the murderer.
> 
> Why not? Do we have to be objective suddenly?
>> 
>>David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
>>This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
>>must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell
> 
> MAC
> --
> ****************************************************************
>                                                     Michael A. Cobb
>  "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
>     class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
>           -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
>                                               
> Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton
-- 

best regards,

--Adam

********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
* (612) 696-7521		   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53399
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <healta.161.735350336@saturn.wwc.edu> healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:

>You should wear your nicest boxer shorts and bring plenty of SPF 45+ 
>sunscreen.  I'll grab my bathing suit, towerl and some veggie hotdogs and we 
>can have bonfire cookout!!
>Does that sound good enough to you, Dean?
>EVERY a.a poster is invited!!!

	Is there room for nudists? After all, if you believe most upstanding
moral churches, nudity IS a sin...



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
		
		"My sole intention was learning to fly."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53400
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <735295730.25282@minster.york.ac.uk>, cjhs@minster.york.ac.uk writes:
> : Are you saying that their was a physical Adam and Eve, and that all
> : humans are direct decendents of only these two human beings.?  Then who
> : were Cain and Able's wives?  Couldn't be their sisters, because A&E
> : didn't have daughters.  Were they non-humans?
> 
> Genesis 5:4
> 
> and the days of Adam after he begat Seth were eight hundred years, and
> he begat sons and daughters:
> 
> Felicitations -- Chris Ho-Stuart


It is still incestuous.... :)



--Adam "What happened to my sig?"  Cooper

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53401
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: TEST: IGNORE

TEST-- 



================================================================================
| Adam John Cooper	|	"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings |
| (612) 696-7521	|	   who thought themselves good simply because  |
| acooper@macalstr.edu	|			they had no claws."	       |
================================================================================
| "Understand one another?  I fear I am beyond your comprehension." --Gandalf  |
================================================================================

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53402
From: mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and anarchists

In article <timmbake.735294667@mcl> timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
>mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu writes:
>
>>The line about atheists haveing something up their sleeves is what seemed
>>to imply that.  Sorry, been reading too much on the CLIPPER project lately,
>>and the paranoia over there may have seeped in some.
>
>;)  What is the CLIPPER project BTW?

The CLIPPER initiative is an announcement by Clinton that all the 
"secure" voice phones will use the same crypto chip, as a de-facto
government standard.  Problem is, the government is admitting that
they hold the keys to break the code easily, and the Justice department
will be using the keys to listen in on "illegal activities."  Many
people are really scared about such an initiative because it is
a major step towards outlawing real crypto protection on things
like email if you read the press release.  The project was developed
by NSA and given to NIST.  It uses two keys S1 and S2 that the
government claims are needed to break the code.  They claim that
these keys will be handed to two different companies, and when they
get a warrant to do a wiretap (the chip is nicknamed the wiretap chip),
they have to get the keys from both companies.  People have poked holes
through and through the press release official version and shown how
it is nowhere near as nice as it sounds, and I have given the simplified
version.  People over on sci.crypt are really scared about this
proposal it seems.
-- 
***************************************************************************
* mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu * Never program and drink beer at the same *
* M^2                          *  time.  It doesn't work.                 *
***************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53403
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: THE POPE IS JEWISH!

>DATE:   Tue, 20 Apr 1993 18:13:09 GMT
>FROM:   R. Bruce Rakes <bruce@cortex.dixie.com>
>
>mcgoy@unicorn.acs.ttu.edu (David McGaughey) writes:
>
>>I always thought that the Pope was a bear.
>
>>You know, because of that little saying:
>
>>Does a bear shit in the woods?
>>Is the Pope Catholic?
>
>>There MUST be SOME connection between those two lines!
>
>And I always heard it:
>
>Is the bear Catholic?
>Does the pope ????
>
>Oh nevermind!
>-- 
>R. Bruce Rakes, Software Systems Manager
>Elekta Instruments, Inc.  8 Executive Park W, Suite 809, Atlanta, GA 30329
>Voice:(404)315-1225 FAX:(404)315-7850 email: bruce@elekta.com
> 

Anyone from Alabama knows it should be:

Is "The Bear" Catholic?
Does a Pope shit in the woods?

The Pope may not be a bear, but "The Bear" is a god.
(Paul "Bear" Bryant,  Football coach/god,  University of Alabama.)



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53404
From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma


tgk@cs.toronto.edu (Todd Kelley) writes:
>In light of what happened in Waco, I need to get something of my
>chest.
>
>Faith and dogma are dangerous.  
>
>Religion inherently encourages the implementation of faith and dogma, and
>for that reason, I scorn religion.

I don't necessarily disagree with your assertion, but I disagree with
your reasoning.  (Faith = Bad.  Dogma = Bad.  Religion -> (Faith ^ Dogma).
Religion -> (Bad ^ Bad).  Religion -> Bad.)  Unfortunately, you never 
state why faith and dogma are dangerous.  

If you believe faith and dogma are dangerous because of what happened in
Waco, you are missing the point.  

The Branch Davidians made the mistake of confusing the message with the
messenger.  They believed Koresh was a prophet, and therefore believed
everything he said.  The problem wasn't the religion, it was the 
followers.  They didn't die because of faith and dogma, they died because
of their zealotry (or, in the case of the children, the zealotry of their
parents).

>I have expressed this notion in the past.  Some Christians debated
>with me whether Christianity leaves any room for reasoning.  I claimed
>rationality is quelled out of Christianity by faith and dogma.

So Christians are totally irrational?  Irrational with respect to their
religion only?  What are you saying?  One's belief in a Christian God does
not make one totally irrational.  I think I know what you were getting at,
but I'd rather hear you expand on the subject.


>A philosopher cannot be a Christian because a philosopher can change his mind,
>whereas a Christian cannot, due to the nature of faith and dogma present
>in any religion.

Again, this statement is too general.  A Christian is perfectly capable of
being a philosopher, and absolutely capable of changing his/her mind.  Faith in
God is a belief, and all beliefs may change.  Would you assert that atheists
would make poor philosophers because they are predisposed to not believe in a
God which, of course, may show unfair bias when studying, say, religion?




>I claimed that a ``Christian philosopher'' is not a Christian,
>but is a person whose beliefs at the moment correspond with those
>of Christianity. Consider that a person visiting or guarding a prison
>is not a prisoner, unless you define a prisoner simply to be someone
>in a prison.
>Can we define a prisoner to be someone who at the moment is in a prison?
>Can we define a Christian to be someone who at the moment has Christian
>beliefs?  No, because if a person is free to go, he is not a prisoner.
>Similarly, if a person is not constrained by faith and dogma, he is not
>a Christian.

So, Christianity is a prison, eh?  Ever heard of parole?  You have read far
too much into this subject.  A Christian is one who follows the religion
based on the teachings of a man named Jesus Christ.  Nowhere does this
definition imply that one cannot change one's mind.  In prison, however,
you can't just decide to leave.  One is voluntary, the other is not.  The
two are not compatible.


>Religion is like the gun that doesn't kill anybody.  Religion encourages
>faith and dogma and although it doesn't directly condemn people,
>it encourages the use of ``just because'' thinking.  It is
>``just because'' thinking that kills people.

I prefer to think of religion as a water pistol filled with urine. 8^)
Seriously, though, some (but certainly not all) religions do condemn
groups of people.  The common target is the "infidel," a curious being
who is alternately an atheist, a non-<insert specific religious
affiliation here>, a person of a different race, or an Egyptian. 8^)

Please explain how "just because" thinking kills people.  (And please
state more in your answer than "Waco.")


>Of course, not all humans are capable of thought, and we'd still
>have genocide and maybe even some mass suicide...but not as much.
>I'm willing to bet on that.

I'll see your conscientious peacenik and raise you a religious 
zealot with bad acne. 8^)  By the way, I wasn't aware mass suicide
was a problem.  Waco and Jonestown were isolated incidents.  
Mass suicides are far from common.

-- 
---                      __  _______                              ---
||| Kevin Marshall       \ \/ /_  _/  Computer Science Department |||
||| Virginia Tech         \  / / /     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu |||
--- Blacksburg, Virginia   \/ /_/                  (703) 232-6529 ---

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53405
From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Church o' Satan (was Re: islamic authority [sic] over women)

David.Rice@ofa123.fidonet.org writes:
 
>who: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
>what: <1q7kc3$2dj@csugrad.cs.vt.edu>
 
>KM> "Yeah, hilarious. Satanists believe Satan is a god, but not
>KM> the only god. Satan is a part of Christian mythology.
>KM> Therefore, one cannot reasonably worship Satan without
>KM> acknowledging the existence of a Christian god. Satanists
>KM> see Satan as their master, and they see God and Satan as 
>KM> adversaries of similar power. Satanists believe in the
>KM> eventual overthrow of God and a transfer of all power to
>KM> their master. Kevin Marshall"
> 
>A great many Satanists DO NOT believe in Satan. Some do, some
>don't. I'd go so far as to assert that most "orthodox" Satanists
>do not worship Satan (Church of Satan, etc.) but rather "worship"
>self. To hear LaVey say it, only idiots and fools believe in Satan
>and or Allah. He knew that suckers are born every minute.
>
>--- Maximus 2.01wb

Anton LaVey's interpretation of Satanism has always puzzled me.  I
read his "Satanic Bible" a few years ago for a social studies project,
as well as a book by Arthur Lyons called "The Cult of Devil Worship
in America."  The latter included a very interesting interview with
the Black Pope in which he did indeed say that Satan was merely an
instrument for one to realize the self.  

When I refer to Satanism, I am referring to the mishmash of rural Satanic
ritualism and witchcraft which existed before the Church of Satan.  I
don't consider LaVey's church to be at all "orthodox," nor do I consider
its followers "satanists."  LaVey combined the philosophies of Nietzsche,
Crowley, and Reich, slapped in some religious doctrine, added a little
touch of P.T. Barnum, and christened his creation the Church of Satan.
No doubt the title was a calculated attempt to attract attention...I
suppose he could have just as easily called it the Church of Free Sex.

At any rate, it worked (for a while).  In its heyday, the Church had a
huge following, including such Hollywood celebrities as Sammy Davis, Jr.
and Jayne Mansfield.  (I have a picture of LaVey with Sammy, by the 
way.)  

I find the idea of a Satanist not believing in Satan about as credible as
a Christian not believing in Christ.  But if you include the Church of
Satan, then I suppose I need to alter my definition.  Webster's Dictionary
and The American Heritage Dictionary will have to do the same.
-- 
---                      __  _______                              ---
||| Kevin Marshall       \ \/ /_  _/  Computer Science Department |||
||| Virginia Tech         \  / / /     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu |||
--- Blacksburg, Virginia   \/ /_/                  (703) 232-6529 ---

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53406
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?

In article <EDM.93Apr20145436@gocart.twisto.compaq.com> edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary) writes:
>
>While we're on the topic of books, has anyone else noticed that Paine's
>"The Age of Reason" is hard to find.  I've been wanting to pick up
>a copy for a while, but not bad enough to mail order it.  I've noticed
>though that none of the bookstores I go to seem to carry it.  I thought
>this was supposed to be classic.  What's the deal?
>--

  Me too.  Our local used book store is the second largest on the
  West Coast, and I couldn't find a copy there.  I guess atheists
  hold their bibles in as much esteem as the theists.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53408
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

In article <1qu485$58o@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> In article <1qkovl$k@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> #
|> #False dichotomy.  You claimed the killing were *not* religiously
|> #motivated, and I'm saying that's wrong.   I'm not saying that
|> #each and every killing is religiously motivate, as I spelled out
|> #in detail.
|> 
|> Which killings do you say are religously motivated?

For example, I would claim that the recent assassination of four
catholic construction workers who had no connection with the IRA
was probably religously motivated.

|> At the time
|> of writing, I think that someone who claims the current violence is
|> motivated by religion is reaching.

What would you call is when someone writes "The killings in N.I 
are not religously motivated?"

|> Now, it's possible to argue that 
|> religion *in the past* is a major contributing factor to the violence in
|> the present, but I don't know of any evidence that this is so - and I'm
|> not enough of a historian to debate it. 

Given that the avowed aim of the IRA is to take Northern Ireland
into a country that has a particular church written into its 
constitution, and which has restriction on civil rights dictated
by that Church, I fail to see why the word "past" is appropriate.


|> #|> #But to claim that "The killings in N.I are not religously 
|> #|> #motivated." is grotesque.   All that means is that the Church
|> #|> #and believers are doing what they always do with history
|> #|> #they can't face: they rewrite it.
|> #|> 
|> #|> You're attacking a different claim.  My claim is that when an IRA
|> #|> terrorist plants a bomb in Warrington s/he does not have as a motive 
|> #|> the greater glory of God. 
|> #
|> #Sorry, Frank, but what I put in quotes is your own words from your
|> #posting <1qi83b$ec4@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>.  Don't tell us now that 
|> #it's a different claim.   If you can no longer stand behind your 
|> #original claim, just say so.
|> 
|> I mean the same thing when I say "The killings in N.I. are not religously
|> motivated" as I do when I say when a terrorist plants a bomb s/he
|> doesn't have a religious motive.  The example is meant to clarify, not
|> to be a new claim.  The "different claim" to which I refer is the claim
|> which you were seemingly attacking in the previous post, namely that religion 
|> is not a major historical cause of the present violence.  I don't assert 
|> that, nor do I assert its opposite.

You don't have to hand us a bunch of double-talk about what
I was "seemingly" attacking.   I *quoted* what I was attacking.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53409
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <1993Apr19.121340.3133@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
|> In <1qi191$jkj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> My understanding is that UK blasphemy laws (yes, they exist in the UK,
|> although they are little-used) apply only to _Anglican_ Christianity.
|> 
|> How does this fit in with your claim that there is no state religion in 
|> the UK?

Why don't you ask the approx. two million British Muslims who break
it five times a day and have never ever been prosecuted under it?

Then ask how easy it is to hold a Christian church service in Saudi
Arabia.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53410
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?
From: sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed)

In article <1r1cl7INNknk@bozo.dsinc.com> perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:
>Anyway, since I seem to be the only one following this particular line
>of discussion, I wonder how many of the rest of the readership have
>read this book?  What are your thoughts on it?  

I read it when it first came out, and the controversy broke. Put my name
on the waiting list at the library (that way if the book was really
offensive, none of my money would find its way to the author or
publisher), and read it, "cover to cover" (to use a phrase that seems
popular here right now).

And I *liked* it. The writing style was a little hard to get used to, but
it was well worth the effort. Coming from a similar background (Rushdie
grew up in Bombay in a muslim family, and moved to England; I grew up in
New Delhi), it made a strong impression on me.  (And he used many of the
strange constructions of Indian English: the "yaar" at the end of a
sentence, "Butbutbut," the occasional hindi phrase, etc.)

At the time I still "sorta-kinda" thought of myself as a muslim, and I
couldn't see what the flap was all about. It seemed clear to me that this
was allegory.  It was clear that he described some local prostitutes who
took on the names and personae of Muhammed's wives, and had not (as my
grandfather thundered) implied that Muhammed's wives were prostitutes; in
short, every angry muslim that had read even part of the book seemed to
have missed the point completely.  (And I won't mention the fact that the
most militant of them had never even seen the book. Oops, I just did!)

Perhaps in a deep sense, the book is insulting to Islam, because it
exposes the silliness of revealed religion - why does an omnipotent deity
need an agent? She can come directly to me, can't she? How do we know that
Muhammed didn't just go out into the desert and smoke something? And how
do we know that the scribes he dictated the Quran to didn't screw up, or
put in their own little verses? And why can Muhammed marry more than four
women, when no other muslim is allowed to? (Although I think the biggest
insult to Islam is that the majority of its followers would want to
suppress a book, sight unseen, on the say-so of some "holy" guy. Not to
mention murder the author.)

>Over the years, when I have made this point, various primarily muslim
>posters have responded, saying that yes indeed they have read the book
>and had called it such things as "filth and lies", "I would rank
>Rushdie's book with Hitler's Mein Kempf or worse", and so on.

I had much the same response when I tried to talk about the book. A really
silly argument - after all, how many of these same people have read "Mein
Kampf?" It just made me wonder - what are they afraid of? Why don't they
just read the book and decide for themselves?

Maybe the reaction of the muslim community to the book, and the absence of
protest from the "liberal" muslims to Khomeini's fatwa outrage, was the
final push I needed into atheism!

-s
--
  Shamim Mohamed / {uunet,noao,cmcl2..}!arizona!shamim / shamim@cs.arizona.edu
  "Take this cross and garlic; here's a Mezuzah if he's Jewish; a page of the
    Koran if he's a Muslim; and if he's a Zen Buddhist, you're on your own."
   Member of the League for Programming Freedom - write to lpf@uunet.uu.net

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53411
From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: The Universe and Black Holes, was Re: 2000 years.....

In article <1993Apr20.154658@IASTATE.EDU>, kv07@IASTATE.EDU (Warren
Vonroeschlaub) wrote:
> 
>   Let's say that we drop a marble into the black hole.  It races, ever faster,
> towards the even horizon.  But, thanks to the curving of space caused by the
> excessive gravity, as the object approaches the event horizon it has further to
> travel.  Integrating the curve gives a time to reach the event horizon of . . 
> infinity.  So the math says that nothing can enter a black hole.

Not true. Only an observer at rest at infinite distance from the black hole
will see the particle take infinite time to reach the horizon. In the
particle's own reference frame, it takes a very finite time to reach the
horizon and the singularity. The math does indeed predict this. Take a look
at Mitchner, Thorne, and Wheeler's _Gravitation_.
> 

Peter Walker

Don't forget to sing:
            They say there's a heaven for those who will wait
                Some say it's better, but I say it ain't
        I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
                     The sinners are much more fun
                         Only the good die young!

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53412
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <115793@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> In article <1qla0g$afp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>|> >I hope an Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI, which
>|> >ripped off so many small depositors among the Muslim
>|> >community in the Uk and elsewhere.

>|> Grow up, childish propagandist.

|> 
|> >BBCI was an example of an Islamically owned and operated bank -
|> >what will someone bet me they weren't "real" Islamic owners and
|> >operators?
|> 
|> An Islamic bank is a bank which operates according to the rules
|> of Islam in regard to banking. This is done explicitly by the
|> bank. This was not the case with BCCI.

So now you are saying that an Islamic Bank is something other than
BCCI.

Would you care to explain why it was that when I said  "I hope an 
Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI", you called me a childish 
propagandist.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53413
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr19.124834.5640@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes: 
|> 
|> The difference, as I understand it, is that when one _invests_, one
|> shares in the risk of the venture, whereas when a bank _lends_ money
|> while charging interest, the bank takes little risk.

The entire business of a Bank is the management of risk.   That's
what a Bank is for.   That's what people who work for Banks do.

|> 
|> Something like that anyway (financial stuff ain't my thing).

OK, but in that case why are you posting about it?   What I
hear you saying is "I don't understand this stuff, but if Islam
says it's so, it's so".


jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53414
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1qnpe2INN8b0@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >>They spent quite a bit of time on the wording of the Constitution. 
|> >I realise that this is widely held belief in America, but in fact
|> >the clause on cruel and unusual punishments, like a lot of the
|> >rest, was lifted from the English Bill of Rights of 1689.
|> 
|> Just because the wording is elsewhere does not mean they didn't spend
|> much time on the wording.

In the part of the posting you have so helpfully deleted, I 
pointed out that they used the wording from the English Bill of
Rights apparently *changing* what they understood by it, and I
asked why then should we, two hundred years later, be bound by
what Keith Allan Schneider *thinks* they understood by it.

|> 
|> >>We have already looked in the dictionary to define the word.  Isn't 
|> >>this sufficient?
|> >Since the dictionary said that a lack of mercy or an intent to
|> >inflict injury or grief counted as "cruel", sure.
|> 
|> People can be described as cruel in this way, but punishments cannot.

So one cannot say "a cruel fate"?

Your prevarications are getting increasingly unconvincing, I think.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53415
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1993Apr17.041535.7472@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
|> In article <1qnedm$a91@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> >In article <1ql8mdINN674@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> >|> They spent quite a bit of time on the wording of the Constitution. 
|> >
|> >I realise that this is widely held belief in America, but in fact
|> >the clause on cruel and unusual punishments, like a lot of the
|> >rest, was lifted from the English Bill of Rights of 1689.
|> 
|> According to Jerry Mander's _In the Absence of the Sacred_ (good
|> book, BTW), the Great Binding Law of the Iroquois Confederacy
|> also played a significant role as a model for the U.S. Constitution.
|> Furthermore, apparently Marx and Engels were strongly influenced
|> by a study of Iroquois society, using it as the prime example of
|> a successful, classless, egalitarian, noncoercive society.  Mander
|> goes on to say that both the U.S. and the U.S.S.R. would do well
|> to study the original document, figure out where each went wrong,
|> and try to get it right next time.

That's fascinating.   I heard that the Chinese, rather than
the Italians, invented pasta.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53416
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1qnp13INN816@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >Perhaps the chimps that failed to evolve cooperative behaviour
|> >died out, and we are left with the ones that did evolve such
|> >behaviour, entirely by chance.
|> 
|> That's the entire point!

No, that's the point of evolution, not the point of "natural
morality".   Unless, of course, as I have suggested several
times already, "natural morality" is just a renaming.

|> 
|> >Are you going to proclaim a natural morality every time an
|> >organism evolves cooperative behaviour?
|> 
|> Yes!
|> 
|> Natural morality is a morality that developed naturally.

But your "yes?" is actually stronger than this.    You are
agreeing that "every time an organism evolves cooperative 
behaviour" you are going to call it a "natural morality."

> >What about the natural morality of bee dance?
>
> Huh?

Bee dance is a naturally developed piece of cooperative behaviour.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53417
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1993Apr17.080321.18675@daffy.cs.wisc.edu>, mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
|> In article <1ql9a6$afp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> >In article <1ql0ajINN2kj@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> >|> Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
|> >|> as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.
|> >
|> >Ah, the verb "to must".   I was warned about that one back
|> >in Kindergarten.
|> >
|> >So, why "must" they have such laws?
|> >
|> >jon.
|> Hey, must is a verb in some languages.  Just happens it is only a modifier
|> in English.  But, the verb of the sentence is to have.  This is modified
|> by "must".  

I know that "must" is a verb in some languages.   I'm complaining
about the assertion containing the word must.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53420
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

In article <66615@mimsy.umd.edu>, mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
|> Jon Livesey writes:
|> 
|> |> What I said was that people took time to *copy* *the* *text* correctly.
|> |> Translations present completely different issues.
|>
|> 
|> >So why do I read in the papers that the Qumram texts had "different
|> >versions" of some OT texts.   Did I misunderstand?
|> 
|> Reading newspapers to learn about this kind of stuff is not the best idea in
|> the world.  Newspaper reporters are notoriously ignorant on the subject of
|> religion, and are prone to exaggeration in the interests of having a "real"
|> story (that is, a bigger headline).
|> 
|> Let's back up to 1935.  At this point, we have the Masoretic text, the
|> various targums (translations/commentaries in aramaic, etc.), and the
|> Septuagint, the ancient greek translation.  The Masoretic text is the
|> standard Jewish text and essentially does not vary.  In some places it has
|> obvious corruptions, all of which are copied faithfully from copy to copy.
|> These passages in the past were interpreted by reference to the targums and
|> to the Septuagint.

So when they took the time to *copy* *the* *text* correctly, that includes
"obvious corruptions?"

|> 
|> Now, the septuagint differs from the masoretic text in two particulars:
|> first, it includes additional texts, and second, in some passages there are
|> variant readings from the masoretic text (in addition to "fixing"/predating
|> the various corrupted passages).  It must be emphasized that, to the best of
|> my knowledge, these variations are only signifcant to bible scholars, and
|> have little theological import.

So when they took the time to *copy* *the* *text* correctly, that does not
exclude "variant readings from the masoretic text" which are "of little 
theological import"

|> 
|> The dead sea scroll materials add to this an ancient *copy* of almost all of
|> Isaiah and fragments of various sizes of almost all other OT books.  There
|> is also an abundance of other material, but as far as I know, there is no
|> sign there of any hebrew antecdent to the apocrypha (the extra texts in the
|> septuagint).  As far as analysis has proceeded, there are also variations
|> between the DSS texts and the masoretic versions.  These tend to reflect the
|> septuagint, where the latter isn't obviously in error.  Again, though, the
|> differences (thus far) are not significant theologically.  There is this big
|> expectation that there are great theological surprises lurking in the
|> material, but so far this hasn't happened.
|> 
|> The DSS *are* important because there is almost no textual tradition in the
|> OT, unlike for the NT.

Hey, you're the expert.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53421
From: danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <ofp1qP600VpdINppwh@andrew.cmu.edu> Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu> writes:
>timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
>> There lies the hypocrisy, dude.  Atheism takes as much faith as theism.  
>> Admit it!
>
>Besides... not believing in a god means one doesn't have to deal with all
>of the extra baggage that comes with it!  This leaves a person feeling
>wonderfully free, especially after beaten over the head with it for years!
>I agree that religion and belief is often an important psychological healer
>for many people and for that reason I think it's important.  However,
>trying to force a psychological fantasy (I don't mean that in a bad way,
>but that's what it really is) on someone else who isn't interested is
>extremely rude.  What if I still believed in Santa Claus and said that my

It should be noted that belief in God is in itself no more a behavoral
imperative than lack of belief. It is religion which causes the harm,
not the belief in God.  
 
Dan


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53423
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

In article <1r1mr8$eov@aurora.engr.LaTech.edu>, ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill Ray) writes:
>Todd Kelley (tgk@cs.toronto.edu) wrote:
>: Faith and dogma are dangerous.  
>
>Faith and dogma are inevitable.  Christians merely understand and admit
>to the fact.  Give me your proof that no God exists, or that He does.  
>Whichever position you take, you are forced to do it on faith.  It does
>no good to say you take no position, for to show no interest in the 
>existence of God is to assume He does not exist.
>

[...stuff deleted...]

As many posters have said in as many posts lately, this is just
not true.  For to show no interest in the existence of god takes no
faith at all.  You make the presumption that the _knowledge_ of the 
_possibility_ of something is enough to require faith to render 
that possibilty of no interest.  It is a very different thing to say
that you don't believe something than it is to say that you don't
have sufficent reason to believe something is even interesting to 
think about.  It's not either or.  Sometimes is just something else
more interesting that occupies your mind.  

I agree that faith and dogma are inevitable, but not necessarily
applied to god and religion.  It takes both faith and dogma to
expect the sun to come up every morning, but there is overwhelming
reason every single day, day in and day out, for _everyone_ to put 
his faith and dogma there.  Not so with the christian religion.

-- 
 jim halat         halat@bear.com     
bear-stearns       --whatever doesn't kill you will only serve to annoy you--
   nyc             i speak only for myself

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53424
From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4949@eastman.UUCP>, dps@nasa.kodak.com (Dan Schaertel,,,)
wrote:
> 
> In article 11853@vice.ICO.TEK.COM, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
> |>
> |>  Yet I am still not a believer.  Is god not concerned with my
> |>  disposition?  Why is it beneath him to provide me with the
> |>  evidence I would require to believe?  The evidence that my
> |>  personality, given to me by this god, would find compelling?
> 
> The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
> But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
> you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
> love you.    

I wouldn't punish him with eternal torture if he didn't love me. But then
I;m a decent chap. It seems your god isn't.

> The responsibility is on you to love God and take a step toward
> Him.  He promises to be there for you, but you have to look for yourself.

I've looked, and he wasn't. Another promise broken.

> Those who doubt this or dispute it have not givin it a sincere effort.

Lying bastard! How  do you know what effort I have and have not given? 

> Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
> that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
> Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
> the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
> know more than you do now.   To learn you must accept that which
> you don't know.

Can anyone eaplain what he's just said here?

Peter

Don't forget to sing:
            They say there's a heaven for those who will wait
                Some say it's better, but I say it ain't
        I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
                     The sinners are much more fun
                         Only the good die young!

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53425
From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <C5s9zM.9E0@cbnewsj.cb.att.com>, decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com
(dean.kaflowitz) wrote:
> 
> In article <C5LH4p.27K@portal.hq.videocart.com>, dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
> > JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu () writes:
> > : YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
> > : PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
> > 
> >   What do you mean "be prepared" ?? Surrounded by thumpers like yourself
> > has proven to be hellish enough . . . and I'm not even dead yet !!
> 
> Well here's how I prepared.  I got one of those big beach
> umbrellas, some of those gel-pack ice things, a big Coleman cooler
> which I've loaded up with Miller Draft (so I like Miller Draft,
> so sue me), a new pair of New Balance sneakers, a Sony
> Watchman, and a couple of cartons of BonTon Cheddar Cheese
> Popcorn.
> 
> I haven't decided what to wear yet.  What does one wear to an
> eternal damnation?
> 
> Dean Kaflowitz

Dress casual. Only in heaven is there a dress code (black tie and
self-important expression)

Don't forget to sing:
            They say there's a heaven for those who will wait
                Some say it's better, but I say it ain't
        I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
                     The sinners are much more fun
                         Only the good die young!

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53426
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1993Apr19.112008.26198@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
|> In <1qi3fc$jkj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >In article <1993Apr14.110209.7703@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
|> >>
|> >> Some here on alt.atheism think that by condemning the actions 
|> >> of some of those who call themselves Muslims, they are condemning 
|> >> Islam.
|> 
|> >Do you read minds, Mr Rice?   You know what posters think now,
|> >not just what they write?
|> 
|> >For myself, I only have what people are posting here to go on,
|> >and that's what I am commenting on.
|> 
|> I think you may have misunderstood me.
|> 
|> I mean that one does not really criticize _Islam_ necessarily by
|> bringing Khomeini etc. into the argument, for whether he is or is not
|> following Islam has to be determined by examining his actions against
|> Islamic teachings.  Islamic teachings are contained in the Qur'an and
|> hadiths (reported sayings and doings of the Prophet).

That's funny, I thought you were making a statement about what
people think.    In fact, I see it quoted up there.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53427
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1993Apr19.112008.26198@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
|> 
|> By the way, Jon, I found a reference to my claim that the percentage of
|> the population that suffers from depression has been increasing this
|> century (as you requested).  I will start a new heading ("thread") to
|> post it under.

Cool, then we can discuss the increase in radio and TV use, 
the increase in the use of fossil fuels, the increase in air 
travel, and consumption of processed bread, and you can
instruct us on which of them causes increased depression.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53428
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1qugin$9tf@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> In article <1qkogg$k@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|>
|> #And in that area, what you care about is whether someone is sceptical,
|> #critical and autonomous on the one hand, or gullible, excitable and
|> #easily led on the other.
|> 
|> Indeed I may.  And one may be an atheist and also be gullible, excitable
|> and easily led.
|> 
|> #I would say that a tendency to worship tyrants and ideologies indicates
|> #that a person is easily led.   Whether they have a worship or belief 
|> #in a supernatural hero rather than an earthly one seems to me to be
|> #beside the point.
|> 
|> Sure.  But whether or not they are atheists is what we are discussing,
|> not whether they are easily led.  

Not if you show that these hypothetical atheists are gullible, excitable
and easily led from some concrete cause.   In that case we would also
have to discuss if that concrete cause, rather than atheism, was the
factor that caused their subsequent behaviour.

jon. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53429
From: tgk@cs.toronto.edu (Todd Kelley)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall) <1r2eba$hsq@csugrad.cs.vt.edu>
wrote:
>I don't necessarily disagree with your assertion, but I disagree with
>your reasoning.  (Faith = Bad.  Dogma = Bad.  Religion -> (Faith ^ Dogma).
>Religion -> (Bad ^ Bad).  Religion -> Bad.)  Unfortunately, you never 
>state why faith and dogma are dangerous.  

Faith and dogma are dangerous because they cause people to act on
faith alone, which by its nature is without justification.  That
is what I mean by the word ``faith'': belief without justification, or
belief with arbitrary justification, or with emotional (irrational)
justification.

For example, when someone says that God exists, that they don't know
why they believe God exists, they can just feel it, that's faith.

Dogma is bad because it precludes positive change in belief based
on new information, or increased mental faculty.
>
>So Christians are totally irrational?  Irrational with respect to their
>religion only?  What are you saying?  One's belief in a Christian God does
>not make one totally irrational.  I think I know what you were getting at,
>but I'd rather hear you expand on the subject.

Faith and dogma are irrational.  The faith and dogma part of any religion
are responsible for the irrationality of the individuals.  I claim that
faith and dogma are the quintessential part of any religion.  If that
makes (the much overused in this context) Buddism a philosophy rather
than a religion, I can live with that.  Science is not a religion,
because there is no faith nor dogma.
>
>>A philosopher cannot be a Christian because a philosopher can change his mind,
>>whereas a Christian cannot, due to the nature of faith and dogma present
>>in any religion.
>
>Again, this statement is too general.  A Christian is perfectly capable of
>being a philosopher, and absolutely capable of changing his/her mind.  Faith in
>God is a belief, and all beliefs may change.  Would you assert that atheists
>would make poor philosophers because they are predisposed to not believe in a
>God which, of course, may show unfair bias when studying, say, religion?

Have you noticed that philosophers tend to be atheists?  If a philosopher
is not an atheist, s/he tends to be called a theologian.

A Christian tends to consider Christianity sacred.  Christianity is
a special set of beliefs, sanctioned by God himself, and therefore,
to conceive of changing those beliefs is to question the existence
of That Being Who Makes No Mistakes.  Faith comes into play.  Dogma
comes into play.  ``The lord works in mysterious ways'' is an example
of faith being used to reconcile evidence that the beliefs are flawed.
Sure, interpretations of what ``God said'' are changed to satisfy the
needs of society, but when God says something, that's it.  It was said,
and that's that.  Since God said it, it is unflawed, even if the
interpretations are flawed.

Science, (as would be practiced by atheists) in contrast, has a
BUILT IN defence against faith and dogma.
A scientist holds sacred the idea that beliefs should change to
suit whatever is the best information available at the time, AND,
*AND*, ****AND***, a scientist understands that any current beliefs
are deficient in some way.  The goal is to keep improving
the beliefs.  The goal is to keep changing the beliefs to reflect
the best information currently available.  That's the only rational
thing to do.  That's good philosophy.

Can you see the difference?  Science views beliefs as being flawed,
and new information can be obtained to improve them.  (How many
scientists would claim to have complete and perfect understanding
of everything?  None---it would put them out of a job!)  Religion
views its beliefs as being perfect, and the interpretations of
those beliefs must be changed as new information is acquired which
conflicts with them.
>
>Please explain how "just because" thinking kills people.  (And please
>state more in your answer than "Waco.")

It's easier for someone to kill a person when s/he doesn't require
a good rational justification of the killing.  I don't consider
``he's Jewish'', or ``he was born of Jewish parents'', or
``this document says he's Jewish'' to be good rational justification.

>By the way, I wasn't aware mass suicide
>was a problem.  Waco and Jonestown were isolated incidents.  
>Mass suicides are far from common.

Clinton and the FBI would love for you to convince them of this.
It would save the US taxpayer a lot of money if you could.

Todd

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53430
From: tgk@cs.toronto.edu (Todd Kelley)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

>In  <1r1mr8$eov@aurora.engr.LaTech.edu> ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill Ray)
>wrote:
>
>Faith and dogma are inevitable.  Christians merely understand and admit
>to the fact.  Give me your proof that no God exists, or that He does.  
>Whichever position you take, you are forced to do it on faith.  It does
>no good to say you take no position, for to show no interest in the 
>existence of God is to assume He does not exist.

Consider special relativity.  It hasn't be proved, nor has it been
disproved.  No one has a proof one way or the other, but many people
are interested in it!
 
I've satisfied myself that nothing could indicate absolutely the
existence of God one way or the other.  The two possibilities
are supernaturalism and naturalism.  Of course no set of circumstances can
be inconsistent with supernaturalism, but similarly, no set of circumstances
can be inconsistent with naturalism.  In naturalism, any phenomenon that
could be described as God is considered part of the natural world, to
be studied as any other natural phenomenon (gravity, for instance).  
For example, if a loud ``godlike'' voice vociferously announced, ``I
am God, I exist, and I will prove it by reversing the force of gravity,''
and if then gravity did indeed reverse, a naturalist (probably a scientist)
would say, ``Boy, we sure didn't understand gravity as well as we
thought we did, and that loud voice is something new.  Perhaps we
didn't understand thunder as well as we thought we did either.''

>I contend that proper implementation of the Christian faith requires
>reasoning, but that reasoning cannot be used to throw out things you
>don't like, or find uncomfortable.  Hedonistic sexual behavior is 
>condemned in the Bible and no act of true reason will make it any
>less condemned.  Hatred, murder, gossip; all these are condemned.
>Is there God-ordained murder in the Bible?  You bet, and if God ever
>orders me to kill you, I will.  But I will first use the Gideon-like
>behavior of verifying that God actually ordered the hit, and will 
>probably discuss it in an Abram-like fashion.

I'm sure glad you don't know where I live, since you don't seem
to realize it is impossible for you to distinguish between voices
in your head, and God's voice.

>I can hear you now, this is how Jim Jones and David Koresh justify
>their behavior.  Delusional religious cults bear the same relationship 
>to Christianity that rape bears to consentual sex: form but no substance.
>When the Southern Baptist Church or the Methodist Church begin to do this
>then you have reason to blame mainstream religion for the behaviors of these
>people.  Or should I associate every negative behavior I witness in any
>non-Christian with you?

You seem to have missed my point.  Even if Jim Jones and David Koresh
were not religious people, my point remains that faith and dogma
are dangerous, and religion encourages them.  Jim Jones and David Koresh
also encouraged them.  My point does not rely on Jim Jones and David
Koresh being religious.

Todd

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53431
From: danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

In article <1r1mr8$eov@aurora.engr.LaTech.edu> ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill Ray) writes:
>Todd Kelley (tgk@cs.toronto.edu) wrote:
>: Faith and dogma are dangerous.  
>
>Faith and dogma are inevitable.  Christians merely understand and admit
>to the fact.  Give me your proof that no God exists, or that He does.  
>Whichever position you take, you are forced to do it on faith.  It does
>no good to say you take no position, for to show no interest in the 
>existence of God is to assume He does not exist.

Absolutely not true. Without religion - either an established one or
one you invent for yourself - the theist and atheist are equally
(not) interested in God, because without religious revelation there
is _no_ information about God available. Strip away the dogma and
the theists/atheists are no different, simply holding a different
opinion on a matter of little practical importance.

>I contend that proper implementation of the Christian faith requires
>reasoning, but that reasoning cannot be used to throw out things you
>don't like, or find uncomfortable.  Hedonistic sexual behavior is 
>condemned in the Bible and no act of true reason will make it any
>less condemned.  Hatred, murder, gossip; all these are condemned.
>Is there God-ordained murder in the Bible?  You bet, and if God ever
>orders me to kill you, I will.  But I will first use the Gideon-like
>behavior of verifying that God actually ordered the hit, and will 
>probably discuss it in an Abram-like fashion.

Sorry, but that doesn't help. What test will you apply to decide
whether it is God or Satan with whom you are speaking?
How will you know that you have not simply gone insane, or having
delusions? You are like a loaded gun.

>I can hear you now, this is how Jim Jones and David Koresh justify
>their behavior.  Delusional religious cults bear the same relationship 

Ah, you not as stupid as I assumed. :-)

>When the Southern Baptist Church or the Methodist Church begin to do this
>then you have reason to blame mainstream religion for the behaviors of these
>people.  Or should I associate every negative behavior I witness in any
>non-Christian with you?

Yes. We're all in this together - each human making up a small part of
the definition of humanity.

Dan


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53434
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

Benedikt Rosenau (I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de) wrote:

: When the object of their belief is said to be perfect and make the believers
: act in a certain way and we observe that they don't, we have a contradiction.
: Something defined contradictorily cannot exist. That what the believe in does
: not exist. Secondly, there are better explanations for why they believe than
: the existence of the object of their belief.
:  
:  
: Have you read the FAQ already?
:    Benedikt

Benedikt,

I can't recall anyone claiming that God -makes- anyone act a particlar
way, I think that you're attempting to manufacture a contradiction.
God is said to require certain behavior, but the only compulsion is
the believer's sense of duty. A standard of conduct does exist, but we
are free to ignore it or misunderstand it or distort it in whatever
ways we find convenient, but our response to God's edicts can in no
way be used to question God's existence. The behavior of believers is
a completely separate question from that of God's existence; there is
nothing contradictory here.

To say that something defined contadictorily cannot exist, is really
asking too much; you would have existence depend on grammar. All you
can really say is that something is poorly defined, but that in itself
is insufficient to decide anything (other than confusion of course).

Your point that there are better reasons for the phenomenon of belief
than the object of belief may lead to a rat's nest of unnecessary
complexity. I think I know what you're implying, but I'd like to see
your version of this better alternative just the same.

Bill



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53435
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

SCOTT D. SAUYET (SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu) wrote:

: Regardless of people's hidden motivations, the stated reasons for many
: wars include religion.  Of course you can always claim that the REAL
: reason was economics, politics, ethnic strife, or whatever.  But the
: fact remains that the justification for many wars has been to conquer
: the heathens.

: If you want to say, for instance, that economics was the chief cause
: of the Crusades, you could certainly make that point.  But someone
: could come along and demonstrate that it was REALLY something else, in
: the same manner you show that it was REALLY not religion.  You could
: in this manner eliminate all possible causes for the Crusades.
:         

Scott,

I don't have to make outrageous claims about religion's affecting and
effecting history, for the purpsoe of a.a, all I have to do point out
that many claims made here are wrong and do nothing to validate
atheism. At no time have I made any statement that religion was the
sole cause of anything, what I have done is point out that those who
do make that kind of claim are mistaken, usually deliberately. 

To credit religion with the awesome power to dominate history is to
misunderstand human nature, the function of religion and of course,
history. I believe that those who distort history in this way know
exaclty what they're doing, and do it only for affect.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53436
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

James Felder (spbach@lerc.nasa.gov) wrote:

: Logic alert -  argument from incredulity.  Just because it is hard for you 
: to believe this doesn't mean that it isn't true.  Liars can be very pursuasive
: just look at Koresh that you yourself cite.

This is whole basis of a great many here rejecting the Christian
account of things. In the words of St. Madalyn Murrey-O'Hair, "Face it
folks, it's just silly ...". Why is it okay to disbelieve because of
your incredulity if you admit that it's a fallacy?

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53437
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:
: In article <11838@vice.ICO.TEK.COM>, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert
: Beauchaine) wrote:
: >   Someone spank me if I'm wrong, but didn't Lord, Liar, or Lunatic
: >   originate with C.S. Lewis?  Who's this Campollo fellow anyway?

: I do think so, and isn't there a clear connection with the "I do
: believe, because it is absurd" notion by one of the original
: Christians (Origen?).

There is a similar statement attributed to Anselm, "I believe so that
I may understand". In both cases reason is somewhat less exalted than
anyone posting here could accept, which means that neither statement
can be properly analysed in this venue.

Bill



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53438
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

Ed McCreary (edm@twisto.compaq.com) wrote:
: >>>>> On 16 Apr 93 05:10:18 GMT, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) said:

: RB> In article <ofnWyG600WB699voA=@andrew.cmu.edu> pl1u+@andrew.cmu.edu (Patrick C Leger) writes:
: >EVER HEAR OF
: >BAPTISM AT BIRTH?  If that isn't preying on the young, I don't know what
: >is...
: >
: RB>   
: RB>   No, that's praying on the young.  Preying on the young comes
: RB>   later, when the bright eyed little altar boy finds out what the
: RB>   priest really wears under that chasible.

Does this statement further the atheist cause in some way, surely it's
not intended as wit ...

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53439
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:


: > This is a good point, but I think "average" people do not take up Christianity
: > so much out of fear or escapism, but, quite simply, as a way to improve their
: > social life, or to get more involved with American culture, if they are kids of
: > immigrants for example.  Since it is the overwhelming major religion in the
: > Western World (in some form or other), it is simply the choice people take if
: > they are bored and want to do something new with their lives, but not somethong
: > TOO new, or TOO out of the ordinary.  Seems a little weak, but as long as it
: > doesn't hurt anybody...

: The social pressure is indeed a very important factor for the majority
: of passive Christians in our world today. In the case of early Christianity
: the promise of a heavenly afterlife, independent of your social status,
: was also a very promising gift (reason slaves and non-Romans accepted
: the religion very rapidly).

If this is a hypothetical proposition, you should say so, if it's
fact, you should cite your sources. If all this is the amateur
sociologist sub-branch of a.a however, it would suffice to alert the
unwary that you are just screwing around ...

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53440
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Nicknames

Maddi Hausmann (madhaus@netcom.com) wrote:
: jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only) writes: >

: >We could start with those posters who annoy us the most, like Bobby or
: >Bill.

: Your wish is my command.

: Bill "Shit-stirrer" Connor
: Bobby "Circular" Mozumder

I'm not sure my new nom d'net is exactly appropriate, but it comes
very close. Considering what I have to wade through before I make one
of my insightful, dead-on-the-money repsonses, I have to agree that
something's getting stirred up. I would like to believe my
characterization of what I respond to would be kinder though, but if
you insist ...

I am also surprised to find that I have offended anyone, but in some
cases it's unavoidable if I am to say anything at all. For those to
whom fairness is important, check out my contributions, haven't I been
most generous and patient, a veritable paragon of gentility?

Oh, BTW, I don't mind being paired with Bobby; I admire his tenacity.
How many of you would do as well in this hostile environment - you
think -I'm- offensive ?! read your own posts ...

Love and kisses,

Bill

P.S.

My name is Conner, not Connor. No point in humiliating the innocents.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53441
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

Keith M. Ryan (kmr4@po.CWRU.edu) wrote:

: 	Nice cop out bill.

I'm sure you're right, but I have no idea to what you refer. Would you
mind explaining how I copped out?

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53442
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

This is fascinating. Atheists argue for abortion, defend homosexuality
as a means of population control, insist that the only values are
biological and condemn war and capital punishment. According to
Benedikt, if something is contardictory, it cannot exist, which in
this case means atheists I suppose.
I would like to understand how an atheist can object to war (an
excellent means of controlling population growth), or to capital
punishment, I'm sorry but the logic escapes me.
And why just capital punishment, what is being questioned here, the
propriety of killing or of punishment? What is the basis of the
ecomplaint?

Bill


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53443
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution

Robert Singleton (bobs@thnext.mit.edu) wrote:

: > Sure it isn't mutually exclusive, but it lends weight to (i.e. increases
: > notional running estimates of the posterior probability of) the 
: > atheist's pitch in the partition, and thus necessarily reduces the same 
: > quantity in the theist's pitch. This is because the `divine component' 
: > falls prey to Ockham's Razor, the phenomenon being satisfactorily 
:                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
: > explained without it, and there being no independent evidence of any 
:   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
: > such component. More detail in the next post.
: > 

Occam's Razor is not a law of nature, it is way of analyzing an
argument, even so, it interesting how often it's cited here and to
what end. 
It seems odd that religion is simultaneously condemned as being
primitive, simple-minded and unscientific, anti-intellectual and
childish, and yet again condemned as being too complex (Occam's
razor), the scientific explanation of things being much more
straightforeward and, apparently, simpler. Which is it to be - which
is the "non-essential", and how do you know?
Considering that even scientists don't fully comprehend science due to
its complexity and diversity. Maybe William of Occam has performed a
lobotomy, kept the frontal lobe and thrown everything else away ...

This is all very confusing, I'm sure one of you will straighten me out
tough.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53445
From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes: >

>OK, you have disproved one thing, but you failed to "nail" me.
>
>See, nowhere in my post did I claim that something _must_ be believed in.  Here
>are the three possibilities:
>
>	1) God exists. 
>	2) God does not exist.
>	3) I don't know.
>
>My attack was on strong atheism, (2).  Since I am (3), I guess by what you said
>below that makes me a weak atheist.
  [snip]
>First of all, you seem to be a reasonable guy.  Why not try to be more honest
>and include my sentence afterwards that 

Honest, it just ended like that, I swear!  

Hmmmm...I recognize the warning signs...alternating polite and
rude...coming into newsgroup with huge chip on shoulder...calls
people names and then makes nice...whirrr...click...whirrr

"Clam" Bake Timmons = Bill "Shit Stirrer Connor"

Q.E.D.

Whirr click whirr...Frank O'Dwyer might also be contained
in that shell...pop stack to determine...whirr...click..whirr

"Killfile" Keith Allen Schneider = Frank "Closet Theist" O'Dwyer =

the mind reels.  Maybe they're all Bobby Mozumder.

-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53446
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

In article <11862@vice.ICO.TEK.COM>, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert
Beauchaine) wrote:
> 
> In article <sandvik-190493224221@sandvik-kent.apple.com> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:
> >
> >As I know you can't get any physical problems by passive Christianity,
> >unlike smoking. It's not that hard to avoid Christianity today, anyway.
> >Just ignore 'em.
> >
> 
>   Right on Keith, err, Kent.  
> 
>   Whadda you mean, you didn't see the smiley?

Ouch. I guess I didn't. Sorry. But my comment was just more
'irony' into the fire.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53447
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?

In article <11867@vice.ICO.TEK.COM>, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert
Beauchaine) wrote:
> 
> In article <EDM.93Apr20145436@gocart.twisto.compaq.com> edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary) writes:
> >
> >While we're on the topic of books, has anyone else noticed that Paine's
> >"The Age of Reason" is hard to find.  I've been wanting to pick up
> >a copy for a while, but not bad enough to mail order it.  I've noticed
> >though that none of the bookstores I go to seem to carry it.  I thought
> >this was supposed to be classic.  What's the deal?
> >--
> 
>   Me too.  Our local used book store is the second largest on the
>   West Coast, and I couldn't find a copy there.  I guess atheists
>   hold their bibles in as much esteem as the theists.

If I remember correctly Prometheus books have this one in stock,
so just call them and ask for the book.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53448
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Age of Reason Was: Who has read Rushdie's

This is the story of Kent, the archetype Finn, that lives in the 
Bay Area, and tried to purchase Thomas Paine's "Age of Reason". This
man was driving around, to Staceys, to Books Inc, to "Well, Cleanlighted
Place", to Daltons, to various other places.

When he asked for this book, the well educated American book store
assistants in most placed asked him to check out the thriller section,
or then they said that his book has not been published yet, but they
should receive the book soon. In some places the assistants bluntly
said that they don't know of such an author, or that he is not 
a well known living author, so they don't keep copies of his books.

Such is the life and times of America, 200+ years after the revolution.


Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53449
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Athei
From: sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed)

In article <1993Apr19.151120.14068@abo.fi> MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka) writes:
>In <930419.125145.9O3.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew writes:
>> I wonder if Noam Chomsky is reading this?
>
>      I could be wrong, but is he actually talking about outright
>_government_ control of the media, aka censorship?
>
>      If he doesn't, any quick one-stop-shopping reference to his works
>that'll tell me, in short, what he _does_ argue for?

"Manufacturing Consent," a film about the media. You alternative movie source
may have this; or to book it in your local alternative theatre, contact:

FILMS TRANSIT * INTERNATIONAL SALES
Jan Rofekamp
402 Notre Dame E.
Montreal, Quebec
Canada H2Y 1C8
Tel (514) 844-3358 * Fax (514) 844-7298
Telex 5560074 Filmtransmtl

(US readers: call Zeitgeist Films at 212 274 1989.)

-s
--
  Shamim Mohamed / {uunet,noao,cmcl2..}!arizona!shamim / shamim@cs.arizona.edu
  "Take this cross and garlic; here's a Mezuzah if he's Jewish; a page of the
    Koran if he's a Muslim; and if he's a Zen Buddhist, you're on your own."
   Member of the League for Programming Freedom - write to lpf@uunet.uu.net

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53454
From: danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <C5rEKJ.49y@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>James Felder (spbach@lerc.nasa.gov) wrote:
>
>: Logic alert -  argument from incredulity.  Just because it is hard for you 
>: to believe this doesn't mean that it isn't true.  Liars can be very pursuasive
>: just look at Koresh that you yourself cite.
>
>This is whole basis of a great many here rejecting the Christian
>account of things. In the words of St. Madalyn Murrey-O'Hair, "Face it
>folks, it's just silly ...". Why is it okay to disbelieve because of
>your incredulity if you admit that it's a fallacy?

It isn't. And I wasn't aware that this O'Hair chick was a reader of
a.a., so that doesn't support your assertion that the argument is
"the whole basis of a great many HERE rejecting...".

Dan



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53455
From: dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

In article <C5rGKB.4Fs@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:
>: The social pressure is indeed a very important factor for the majority
>: of passive Christians in our world today. In the case of early Christianity
>: the promise of a heavenly afterlife, independent of your social status,
>: was also a very promising gift (reason slaves and non-Romans accepted
>: the religion very rapidly).
>
>If this is a hypothetical proposition, you should say so, if it's
>fact, you should cite your sources. If all this is the amateur
>sociologist sub-branch of a.a however, it would suffice to alert the
>unwary that you are just screwing around ...

What would you accept as sources?  This very thing has been written
in lots of books.  You could start with Erich Fromm's _The Dogma of Christ_.
--
Doug Graham         dgraham@bnr.ca         My opinions are my own.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53456
From: dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1r2j7d$6e1@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>In article <1993Apr17.041535.7472@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
>|> According to Jerry Mander's _In the Absence of the Sacred_ (good
>|> book, BTW), the Great Binding Law of the Iroquois Confederacy
>|> also played a significant role as a model for the U.S. Constitution.
>|> Furthermore, apparently Marx and Engels were strongly influenced
>|> by a study of Iroquois society, using it as the prime example of
>|> a successful, classless, egalitarian, noncoercive society.  Mander
>|> goes on to say that both the U.S. and the U.S.S.R. would do well
>|> to study the original document, figure out where each went wrong,
>|> and try to get it right next time.
>
>That's fascinating.   I heard that the Chinese, rather than
>the Italians, invented pasta.

That's fascinating.  I take it that you're expressing skepticism
at the idea that those ignorant savages could have influenced
the Constitution of the people who stole their continent.  You
could be right, but it sounds plausible to me.  Is there any
reason that you dismiss it out-of-hand?  Here's some more:

   Recent scholarship has shown that in the mid-1700s Indians were not
   only invited to participate in the deliberations of our "founding
   fathers," but that the Great Binding Law of the Iroquois Confederacy
   arguably became the single most important model for the 1754 Albany
   Plan of Union, and later the Articles of Confederation and the
   Constitution.  That this would be absent from our school texts,
   and from history, and from media is not surprising given the devotion
   Americans feel to our founding myth: Great men gathered to express
   a new vision that has withstood the test of time.  If it were
   revealed that Indians had a role in it, imagine the blow to the
   American psyche.
   ...
      By 1754, when most of these men and others gathered to creat the
   Albany Plan of Union, the first try at confederation, they invited
   forty-two members of the Iroquois Grand Council to serve as advisors
   on confederate structures.  Benjamin Franklin freely acknowledged
   his interest in the Iroquois achievement in a famous speech at
   Albany Congress: "It would be a strange thing...if six nations
   of ignorant savages[sic] should be capable of forming such a union
   and be able to execute it in such a manner that it has subsisted
   for ages and appears indissoluble, and yet that a like union should
   be impractical for ten or a dozen English colonies."
      According to Grinde, Franklin convened meetings of Iroquois chiefs
   and congressional delegates in order to "hammer out a plan that he
   acknowedged to be similar to the Iroquois Confederacy."

Grinde is Professor Donald Grinde,Jr., of the University of California
at Riverside whose book _The Iroquois and the Founding Fathers of the
American Nation_ addresses this issue.
--
Doug Graham         dgraham@bnr.ca         My opinions are my own.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53457
From: "James F. Tims" <p00168@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Studies on Book of Mormon

>DATE:   Tue, 20 Apr 93 21:12:55 GMT
>FROM:   Carolyn Jean Fairman <cfairman@leland.Stanford.EDU>
>
>agrino@enkidu.mic.cl (Andres Grino Brandt) asks about Mormons.
>
>>There are some mention about events, places, or historical persons
>>later discovered by archeologist?
>
>One of the more amusing things in the BOM is a claim that a
>civilization existed in North America, aroun where the mystical plates
>were found.  Not only did it use steel and other metals, but it had
>lots of wars (very OT).  No one has ever found any metal swords or
>and traces of a civilization other than the Native Americans.
>
>This is just one example.

From _Free Inquiry_, Winter 83/84,  the following is an
introduction to the article "Joseph Smith and the Book of
Mormon", by George D. Smith.  The introduction is written by
Paul Kurtz. 

	Mormonism -- the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
	-- claims a worldwide membership 5.2 million.  It is one of
	the world's fastest growing religions, with as many as
	200,000 new converst in 1982 alone.  Because of the church's
	aggressive missionary program, covering more than one
	hundred countries, it is spreading even to third world
	countries.
	
	Mormonism is both puritanical in moral outlook and
	evangelical in preachment.  The church is run along strict
	authoritarian lines.  Led by a president, who allegedly
	receives revelations directly form God, and a group of
	twelve apostles who attempt to maintain orthodoxy in belief
	and practice, the church is opposed to abortion,
	pornography, sexual freedom, women's rights, and other, in
	its view, immoral influences of secular society, and it
	forbids the use of tobacco, alcohol, coffee, and tea.
	
	Centered in Salt Lake City, the church is extremely wealthy
	and politically powerful in Utal and many other western
	states.  Among well-know present-day Mormons are Ezra Taft
	Benson (former secretary of agriculture), the Osmond family,
	the Mariotts of the hotel empire, and a score of high-placed
	government officials.
	
	The Mormon church was founded in western New York in 1830 by
	Joseph Smith who claimed that by divine revelation be had
	found gold plates containing hieroglyphics buried on a hill
	and that with the help of visits from the angel Moroni he
	had been able to translate the writing into the _Book of
	Mormon_, the basis of Mormon belief.  This book, written "by
	the commandment of God," claims that the ancient Hebrews
	settled in America about 600 B.C.E. and were the ancestors
	of the American Indians.  Mormons believe that those who
	have been baptized in the "true church" will be reunited
	after death and that deceased non-Mormon family members can
	be baptized by proxy and thus join their relatives in the
	hereafter.  Because of these beliefs, Mormons have been
	considered outcasts by mainline Christian denominations and
	as heretics by religious fundamentalists.
	
	Joseph Smith was a controversial figure in his day -- he was
	both worshiped as a saint and denounced as a fraud.  Because
	of persecution he led his band of loyal followers from
	Palmyra, New York, westward to Ohio and then to Illinois,
	where in 1844 he was shot to death by an agry mob.  Brigham
	Young, who reportedly had as many as eighty wives, took over
	the leadership of the church and led the Mormons further
	westward, to found the new Zion in Salt Lake City. 
	Following the teachings of Joseph Smith in the practice of
	polygamy was perhaps the Mormons most controversial practice
	in nineteenth-century America.
	
	While other religions go back many centuries --
	Muhammadanism, 1200 years; Christianity, 2000; and Judaism,
	3000 -- and attempts to examine their beginnings are
	difficult, extensive historical investigation of Mormon
	roots is possible.  Some Mormons are willing to examine this
	history objectively, bu others maintain that such scrutiny
	is dangerous to the faith.
	
	In the following pages, _Free Inquiry_ presents two articles
	about the Mormon church.  First, George D. Smith, a lifelong
	member of the church, provides a detailed critical
	examination of Joseph Smith and his claim the the _Book of
	Mormon_ was divinely revealed.  Second, we present a portion
	of an interview with philosopher Sterling McMurrin, also a
	Mormon since birth, who questions the treatment of the
	history of the church by Mormon authorities. -- Paul Kurtz
	

The article itself is super.

  ,...,.,,
 /666;    ',    
////;    _~ -   
(/@/----0-~-0
 ;'  . `` ~ \'
  , `    ' , >
;;|\..((   -C---->> jimtims p00168@psilink.com 
;;| >-  `.__),;;


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53458
From: qpliu@ernie.Princeton.EDU (q.p.liu)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
>that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".

Why don't you cite the passages so that we can focus on some to discuss.
Then, following Jesus, you can make fools of us and our "logic".

>               If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
>know more than you do now.

Indeed, if you can justifiably make this assertion, you must be a
genius in logic and making fools of us should be that much easier.
-- 
qpliu@princeton.edu           Standard opinion: Opinions are delta-correlated.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53459
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: Requests

In article <11857@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
>Subject: Re: Requests
>Date: 19 Apr 93 18:25:08 GMT
>In article <C5qLLG.4BC@mailer.cc.fsu.edu> mayne@cs.fsu.edu writes:
>>
(excess stuff deleted...)

    
>  However, it seems that a local church elder has been getting
>  revelations from god about a devastating quake scheduled to level
>  the area on May 3rd.  He has independent corroboration from
>  several friends, who apparently have had similar revelations.  The
>  5.7 quake was, in fact, in response to a request from the lot of
>  them seeking a sign from god on the veracity of their visions.
>
>  None of this would be terribly interesting, except for the amount
>  of stir it has created in the area.  Many, many people are taking
>  these claims very seriously.  There are some making plans to be
>  out of the are on the target date.  My local religious radio
>  station devoted 4 hours of discussion on the topic.  
>
>  I even called up during one of the live broadcasts to tell the
>  host that he would have a full account of my conversion on May
>  4th, provided my family and I survived the devastation and ruin
>  that will invariably follow the quake.
>
>/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 
>
>Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 
>
>They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
>and sank Manhattan out at sea.
>
>^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

I know of a similar incident about 3 years ago.  A climatologist( Ithink 
that was his profession) named Iben Browning predicted that an earthquake 
would hit the New Madrid fault on Dec.3.  Some schools in Missouri that were 
on the fault line actually cancelled school for the day.  Many people 
evacuated New Madrid and other towns in teh are.  I wouldn't be suprised if 
there were more journalists in the area than residents.  Of course, teh 
earthquake never occured.  HOw do I know about his?  I used to live in 
Southern Illinois and the lican middle school was built directly on the 
fault line.  No we still had school... We laughed at the poor idiots who 
believed the prediction. :):):):)

Bob, if you're wanting an excuse to convert to Christianity, you gonna have 
to look elsewhere.

Tammy "No Trim" Healy



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53460
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: Studies on Book of Mormon

In article <735023059snx@enkidu.mic.cl> agrino@enkidu.mic.cl (Andres Grino Brandt) writes:
>From: agrino@enkidu.mic.cl (Andres Grino Brandt)
>Subject: Studies on Book of Mormon
>Date: Sun, 18 Apr 1993 14:15:33 CST
>Hi!
>
>I don't know much about Mormons, and I want to know about serious independent
>studies about the Book of Mormon.
>
>I don't buy the 'official' story about the gold original taken to heaven,
>but haven't read the Book of Mormon by myself (I have to much work learning
>Biblical Hebrew), I will appreciate any comment about the results of study
>in style, vocabulary, place-names, internal consistency, and so on.
>
>For example: There is evidence for one-writer or multiple writers?
>There are some mention about events, places, or historical persons later
>discovered by archeologist?
>
>Yours in Collen
>
>Andres Grino Brandt               Casilla 14801 - Santiago 21
>agrino@enkidu.mic.cl                        Chile
>
>No hay mas realidad que la realidad, y la razon es su profeta
I don't think the Book of Mormon was supposedly translated from Biblical 
Hebrew.  I've read that "prophet Joseph Smith" traslated the gold tablets 
from some sort of Egyptian-ish language.  
Former Mormons, PLEASE post.

Tammy "no trim" Healy


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53462
From: jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu (James Thomas Green)
Subject: Logic of Jesus?

dps@nasa.kodak.com Pontificated: 
>Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
>that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".

Can you cite an example of this.  Please post an answer as I
don't want to receive e-mail.  


/~~~(-: James T. Green :-)~~~~(-: jgreen@oboe.calpoly.edu :-)~~~\ 
|  "At all times and in all nations,                            |
|     the priest has been hostile to liberty."                  |
|                               <Thomas Jefferson>              |

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53463
From: jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu (James Thomas Green)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) Pontificated: 
>
>Q:  How many Moslem men does it take to rape a woman?
>A:  Five, one to commit the act, and four to witness the penetration.
>
>
>"A guilty verdict can be rendered only if there is a confession or if there
>are at least two male witnesses to the crime.  Adultery and rape are proved
>only if four witnesses have seen the actual penetration, an occurrence that
>presumably does not happen often."

Is this from the Quran (or however it's spelled)?


/~~~(-: James T. Green :-)~~~~(-: jgreen@oboe.calpoly.edu :-)~~~\ 
|  "At all times and in all nations,                            |
|     the priest has been hostile to liberty."                  |
|                               <Thomas Jefferson>              |

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53464
From: jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu (James Thomas Green)
Subject: Re: "So help you God" in court?


I've heard that in California they ask you to swear without any
mention of a god.  What states actually include "god" in the
courtroom oath?



/~~~(-: James T. Green :-)~~~~(-: jgreen@oboe.calpoly.edu :-)~~~\ 
|  "At all times and in all nations,                            |
|     the priest has been hostile to liberty."                  |
|                               <Thomas Jefferson>              |

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53465
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Societal basis for morality

In article <C5prv8.5nI@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike
Cobb) wrote:
> we have to expect others to follow our notion of societally mandated morality?
> Pardon the extremism, but couldn't I murder your "brother" and say that I was 
> exercising my rights as I saw them, was doing what felt good, didn't want
> anyone forcing their morality on me, or I don't follow your "morality" ?

Good statement! Should we apply empirical measurements to define exact
social morals? Should morals be based on social rules? On ancient
religious doctrines? It seems there will *NEVER* be a common and single
denominator for defining morals, and as such defining absolute
and objective morals is doomed to fail as long as humans have 
this incredible talent of creative thinking.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53466
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1993Apr19.113255.27550@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>,
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) wrote:
> >Fred, the problem with such reasoning is that for us non-believers
> >we need a better measurement tool to state that person A is a
> >real Muslim/Christian, while person B is not. As I know there are
> >no such tools, and anyone could believe in a religion, misuse its
> >power and otherwise make bad PR. It clearly shows the sore points
> >with religion -- in other words show me a movement that can't spin
> >off Khomeinis, Stalins, Davidians, Husseins... *).
> 
> I don't think such a system exists.  I think the reason for that is an
> condition known as "free will".  We humans have got it.  Anybody, using
> their free-will, can tell lies and half-truths about *any* system and
> thus abuse it for their own ends.

I don't think such tools exist either. In addition, there's no such
thing as objective information. All together, it looks like religion
and any doctrines could be freely misused to whatever purpose.

This all reminds me of Descartes' whispering deamon. You can't trust
anything. So why bother.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53467
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5pxqs.LM5@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu
(Bill Conner) wrote:
> As for your question of moral free-agency, given the Christian
> position above, the freedom we have is to acknowledge God. The
> morality we practice is a direct outgrowth of how we excercise that
> freedom. You are free to ignore God in the same way you are free to
> ignore gravity and the consequences are inevitable and well known
> in both cases. That an atheist can't accept the evidence means only
> that he prefers not to accept it, it says nothing about the evidence
> itself. 

I agree, I had a hard feeling not believing my grand-grand mother
who told me of elves dancing outside barns in the early mornings.
I preferred not to accept it, even if her statement provided
the truth itself. Life is hard.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53468
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <C5qt5p.Mvo@blaze.cs.jhu.edu>, arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu
(Ken Arromdee) wrote:
> 
> In article <115694@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
> >I think many reading this group would also benefit by knowing how
> >deviant the view _as I've articulated it above_ (which may not be
> >the true view of Khomeini) is from the basic principles of Islam. 
> 
> From the point ov view of an atheist, I see you claim Khomeini wasn't
> practicing true Islam.  But I'm sure that he would have said the same about
> you.  How am I, a member of neither group, supposed to be able to tell which
> one of you two is really a true Muslim?

Fred Rice answered this already in an early posting:
"The problem with your argument is that you do not _know_ who is a _real_
believer and who may be "faking it".  This is something known only by
the person him/herself (and God).  Your assumption that anyone who
_claims_ to be a "believer" _is_ a "believer" is not necessarily true."

In other words it seems that nobody could define who is a true and
false Muslim. We are back to square one, Khomeini and Hussein are 
still innocent and can't be defined as evil or good Islamic 
worshippers.

Cheers,
Kent

---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53469
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1993Apr20.115045.20756@abo.fi> MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka) writes:
#In <1r0fpv$p11@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp writes:
#>In article <1993Apr20.070156.26910@abo.fi> MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI
#>(Mats Andtbacka) writes:
#
#>#      Ah, that old chestnut, your claim that moral objectivism ==
#>#scientific objectivism. I don't agree with it; now try proving, through
#>#some objective moral test, that my disagreeing is incorrect. =)
#> 
#> Your claim, which you have deleted now was "not universal => not objective".
#
#      I've deleted it now, in the interest of brevity. Go back a step
#and you'll see it was still in your post. Yes, that was my claim; if you
#can refute it, then please do so.

Firstly, an apology.  You hadn't deleted your claim, and I was mistaken in
saying you had. Sorry for any offence caused.

Secondly,  how can I refute your definition?  I can only point up its
logical implications, and say that they seem to contradict the usage
of the word "objective" in other areas.  Indeed, by your definition, an
objective x is an oxymoron, for all x.  I have no quibble with that
belief, other than that it is useless, and that "objective" is a perfectly
good word.

#> So, what *is* objective?  Not the age of the universe, anyway, as I show
#> above.
#
#      How many ages can the universe have, and still be internally self-
#consistent? I'd be amazed if it was more than one. How many different
#moral systems can different members of society have - indeed, single
#individuals, in some cases - and humanity still stick together?

Begging the question.  People can have many opinions about the age
of the universe and humanity can still stick together.   You are
saying that the universe has a _real_ age, independent of my beliefs about
it.  Why?

#      The age of the universe, like most scientific facts, can be
#emirically verified through means that'll give the same result no matter
#who performs the testing (albeit there are error bars that may be on the
#largish side...). 

This assumes that the universe has a real age, or any kind of reality
which doesn't depend on what we think.   Why should an extreme Biblical
Creationist give a rat's ass about the means of which you speak?

#I've heard of no way to verify morality in a
#consistent way, much less compute the errors of the measurement; care to
#enlighten me?

The same is true of pain, but painkillers exist, and can be predicted
to work with some accuracy better than a random guess.  I wrote
elsewhere that morality should be hypotheses about observed value.
If a moral system makes a prediction "It will be better if...",
that can be tested, and is falsifiable in the same way as a prediction
"This drug will relieve pain..."

#      People's *ideas* about the age of object X are *not* objective;
#you can have any idea you like, and I can't stop you. Universae and
#their ages is another ballgame; they are what they are, and if you
#dislike some detail of them, that's a problem with your *opinion* of
#them. 

Sure.  Assume an objective reality, and you get statements like this.

#I claim that morality is an opinion of ours, and as such
#subjective and individual. If I'm wrong, then some more-or-less
#objectively "real" thing exists, which you label "objective morality";
#can you back up this positive claim of existence?

Can you back up your positive claim above?  No.  That's because it's an
assumption.  I make the same assumption about values, on the basis
that there is no logical difference between the two, and the empirical
basis of the two is precisely the same.

#>#      Point: Morals are, in essence, personal opinions. Usually
#>#(ideally) well-founded, motivated such, but nonetheless personal. The
#>#fact that a real large lot of people agree on some moral question,
#>#sometimes even for the same reason, does not make morals objective; it
#>#makes humans somewhat alike in their opinions on that moral question,
#>#which can be good for the evolution of a social species.
#> 
#> And if a "real large lot" (nice phrase) of people agree that there is a 
#> football on a desk, I'm supposed to see a logical difference between the two?  
#> Perhaps you can explain the difference to me, since you seem to see it
#> so clearly.
#
#      Take a look on the desk - i.e., perform a test. If(football) THEN
#(accept theory) ELSE DO (Tell people they're hallucinating).
#
#      Now take a look at morality. See anything? If so, please inform me
#which way to look, and WHY to look that particular way, as opposed to
#some other. Get my drift?

No. Just look.  Are you claiming never to know what good means?

#>#      *Science* is a whole other matter altogether.
#> 
#> Says you.  Prove that those who disagree are wrong?
#
#      That's a simple(?) matter of proving the track record of the
#scientific method.

I think it's great, and should be applied to values.  I may be completely
wrong, but that's what I conclude as a result of quite an amount of
thought.

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53471
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

In article <1993Apr19.120352.1574@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>,
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) wrote:
>> The problem with your argument is that you do not _know_ who is a _real_
> believer and who may be "faking it".  This is something known only by
> the person him/herself (and God).  Your assumption that anyone who
> _claims_ to be a "believer" _is_ a "believer" is not necessarily true.

So that still leaves the door totally open for Khomeini, Hussein
et rest. They could still be considered true Muslims, and you can't
judge them, because this is something between God and the person.

You have to apply your rule as well with atheists/agnostics, you
don't know their belief, this is something between them and God.

So why the hoopla about Khomeini not being a real Muslim, and the
hoopla about atheists being not real human beings?

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53472
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <C5rEyF.4CE@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu
(Bill Conner) wrote:
> Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:
> : In article <11838@vice.ICO.TEK.COM>, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert
> : Beauchaine) wrote:
> : >   Someone spank me if I'm wrong, but didn't Lord, Liar, or Lunatic
> : >   originate with C.S. Lewis?  Who's this Campollo fellow anyway?
> 
> : I do think so, and isn't there a clear connection with the "I do
> : believe, because it is absurd" notion by one of the original
> : Christians (Origen?).
> 
> There is a similar statement attributed to Anselm, "I believe so that
> I may understand". In both cases reason is somewhat less exalted than
> anyone posting here could accept, which means that neither statement
> can be properly analysed in this venue.

Bill, I think you have a misunderstanding about atheism. Lack of 
belief in God does not directly imply lack of understanding
transcendental values. I hope you would accept the fact that 
for instance Buddhists appreciate issues related to non-empirical
reasoning without the need to automatically believe in theism.

I think reading a couple of books related to Buddhism might 
revise and fine tune your understanding of non-Christian systems.

Cheers,
Kent

---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53473
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <pww-210493010443@spac-at1-59.rice.edu>, pww@spacsun.rice.edu
(Peter > > Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you
will see
> > that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
> > Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
> > the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
> > know more than you do now.   To learn you must accept that which
> > you don't know.
> 
> Can anyone eaplain what he's just said here?

I can't. It seems Jesus used logic to make people using logic
look like fools? No, that does not sound right, he maybe just
told they were fools, and that's it, and people believed that...
Hmm, does not sound reasonable either...

I find it always very intriguing to see people stating that
transcendental values can't be explained, and then in the
next sentence they try to explain these unexplained values.
Highly strange.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53474
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

In article <C5rGKB.4Fs@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu
(Bill Conner) wrote:
> Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:
> : The social pressure is indeed a very important factor for the majority
> : of passive Christians in our world today. In the case of early Christianity
> : the promise of a heavenly afterlife, independent of your social status,
> : was also a very promising gift (reason slaves and non-Romans accepted
> : the religion very rapidly).
> 
> If this is a hypothetical proposition, you should say so, if it's
> fact, you should cite your sources. If all this is the amateur
> sociologist sub-branch of a.a however, it would suffice to alert the
> unwary that you are just screwing around ...

Well, as I remember Jacoby's "Mythmaker" talks about this to cite
one source -- but I'm not sure if all Christians have read this book.
In addition my social experiences is from being raised and educated
as a Lutheran, having a lot of Christian friends, and I even
have played in two Christian rock bands!

So, over to you, do you have any counter claims, sources et 
rest that shows that Christianity does not have the concept
of a social promise that is independent on the social status?

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53475
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

In article <C5rB1G.43u@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu
(Bill Conner) wrote:
> To credit religion with the awesome power to dominate history is to
> misunderstand human nature, the function of religion and of course,
> history. I believe that those who distort history in this way know
> exaclty what they're doing, and do it only for affect.

However, to underestimate the power of religion creating historical
events is also a big misunderstanding. For instance, would the
30-year-old war have ever started if there were no fractions
between the Protestants and the Vatican?

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53476
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

In article <C5rLyz.4Mt@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu
(Bill Conner) wrote:
> 
> This is fascinating. Atheists argue for abortion, defend homosexuality
> as a means of population control, insist that the only values are
> biological and condemn war and capital punishment. According to
> Benedikt, if something is contardictory, it cannot exist, which in
> this case means atheists I suppose.
> I would like to understand how an atheist can object to war (an
> excellent means of controlling population growth), or to capital
> punishment, I'm sorry but the logic escapes me.
> And why just capital punishment, what is being questioned here, the
> propriety of killing or of punishment? What is the basis of the
> ecomplaint?

Bill, ever heard of secular humanism? Please check out what
this stands for, and then revise your statements above.

Cheers,
Kent

---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53477
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Suggestion for "resources" FAQ

>DATE:   Mon, 19 Apr 1993 15:01:10 GMT
>FROM:   Bruce Stephens <bruce@liverpool.ac.uk>
>
>I think a good book summarizing and comparing religions would be good.
>
>I confess I don't know of any---indeed that's why I checked the FAQ to see
>if it had one---but I'm sure some alert reader does.
>
>I think the list of books suffers far too much from being Christian based;
>I agree that most of the traffic is of this nature (although a few Islamic
>references might be good) but I still think an overview would be nice.

One book I have which presents a fairly unbiased account of many religions
is called _Man's Religions_ by John B. Noss.  It was a textbook in a class
I had on comparative religion or some such thing.  It has some decent
bibliographies on each chapter as a jumping off point for further reading.

It doesn't "compare" religions directly but describes each one individually
and notes a few similarities.  But nothing I have read in it could be even
remotely described as preachy or Christian based.  In fact, Christianity
mercifully consumes only 90 or so of its nearly 600 pages.  The book is
divided according to major regions of the world where the biggies began 
(India, East Asia, Near East).  There is nothing about New World religions
from the Aztecs, Mayas, Incas, etc.  Just the stuff people kill each
other over nowadays.  And a few of the older religions snuffed out along
the way.  

If you like the old stuff, then a couple of books called "The Ancient Near
East" by James B. Pritchard are pretty cool.  Got the Epic of Gilgamesh,
Code of Hammurabi, all the stuff from way back when men were gods and gods
were men.  Essential reading for anyone who wishes to make up their own
religion and make it sound real good.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53478
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

>DATE:   19 Apr 93 23:23:26 GMT
>FROM:   Bake Timmons <timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu>
>
>My my, there _are_ a few atheists with time on their hands.  :)
>
>OK, first I apologize.  I didn't bother reading the FAQ first and so fired an
>imprecise flame.  That was inexcusable.
>

How about the nickname Bake "Flamethrower" Timmons?

You weren't at the Koresh compound around noon today by any chance, were you?

Remember, Koresh "dried" for your sins.  

And pass that beef jerky.  Umm Umm.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53479
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1r2kt7$6e1@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
#In article <1qugin$9tf@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
#|> In article <1qkogg$k@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
#|>
#|> #And in that area, what you care about is whether someone is sceptical,
#|> #critical and autonomous on the one hand, or gullible, excitable and
#|> #easily led on the other.
#|> 
#|> Indeed I may.  And one may be an atheist and also be gullible, excitable
#|> and easily led.
#|> 
#|> #I would say that a tendency to worship tyrants and ideologies indicates
#|> #that a person is easily led.   Whether they have a worship or belief 
#|> #in a supernatural hero rather than an earthly one seems to me to be
#|> #beside the point.
#|> 
#|> Sure.  But whether or not they are atheists is what we are discussing,
#|> not whether they are easily led.  
#
#Not if you show that these hypothetical atheists are gullible, excitable
#and easily led from some concrete cause.   In that case we would also
#have to discuss if that concrete cause, rather than atheism, was the
#factor that caused their subsequent behaviour.

I'm not arguing that atheism causes such behaviour - merely that
it is not relevant to the definition of atheism, which is 'lack of belief in 
gods'.  


-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53482
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

In article <1r2gi8$6e1@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
#In article <1qu485$58o@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
#|> In article <1qkovl$k@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
#|> #
#|> #False dichotomy.  You claimed the killing were *not* religiously
#|> #motivated, and I'm saying that's wrong.   I'm not saying that
#|> #each and every killing is religiously motivate, as I spelled out
#|> #in detail.
#|> 
#|> Which killings do you say are religously motivated?
#
#For example, I would claim that the recent assassination of four
#catholic construction workers who had no connection with the IRA
#was probably religously motivated.
#
#|> At the time
#|> of writing, I think that someone who claims the current violence is
#|> motivated by religion is reaching.
#
#What would you call is when someone writes "The killings in N.I 
#are not religously motivated?"

I'd say it was motivated by a primitive notion of revenge, and by
misguided patriotism.  Otherwise, I'd have to wonder how come mainland
catholics are not killed by mainland protestants, and southern
catholics are not killed by southern protestants, and so on.  Take away
all plausible causes bar religion, and the violence diminishes markedly.
Gee, why _is_ that?

#|> Now, it's possible to argue that 
#|> religion *in the past* is a major contributing factor to the violence in
#|> the present, but I don't know of any evidence that this is so - and I'm
#|> not enough of a historian to debate it. 
#
#Given that the avowed aim of the IRA is to take Northern Ireland
#into a country that has a particular church written into its 
#constitution, and which has restriction on civil rights dictated
#by that Church, I fail to see why the word "past" is appropriate.

The country also has a different official language written in its
constitution (and vice versa :-) - maybe they're motivated by a love of 
Irish poetry.  Your argument is fallacious, jon.

For what it's worth, I agree with all that you say about Ireland above, 
and more.

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53483
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Objective Values 'v' Scientific Accuracy (was Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is)

In article <930419.122738.5s2.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew
<mathew@mantis.co.uk> wrote:
> 
> lpzsml@unicorn.nott.ac.uk (Steve Lang) writes:
> > Values can also refer to meaning.  For example in computer science the
> > value of 1 is TRUE, and 0 is FALSE.
> 
> Not in Lisp.

True, all you need to define is one statement that defined one
polarity, and all the other states are considered the other
polarity. Then again what is the meaning of nil, false or true :-) ?

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53486
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism)

In article <1993Apr19.231641.21652@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>"(God is) the One Who created the night, the day, the sun and the moon.
>Each is travelling in an orbit with its own motion." (Qur'an :33)
>
>The positive aspect of this verse noted by Dr. Maurice Bucaille is that
>while geocentrism was the commonly accepted notion at the time (and for
>a long time afterwards), there is no notion of geocentrism in this verse
>(or anywhere in the Qur'an).
>
 
Well, that is certainly different, but it looks as if there is a translation
found for everything. By the way, I am most surprised to hear that night and
day move in an orbit.
 
And that the sun travels in an orbit without saying that earth does, too,
sounds geocentric to me.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53487
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1r3inr$lvi@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>#>And if a "real large lot" (nice phrase) of people agree that there is a
>#>football on a desk, I'm supposed to see a logical difference between the two?
>#>Perhaps you can explain the difference to me, since you seem to see it
>#>so clearly.
>#>
>#(rest deleted)
>#
>#That's a fallacy, and it is not the first time it is pointed out.
>
>It's not a fallacy - note the IF.   IF a supermajority of disinterested people
>agree on a fundamantal value (we're not doing ethics YET Benedikt), then what
>is the difference between that and those people agreeing on a trivial
>observation?
>
 
The reference to it's not yet being ethics is dubious. You have used the terms
absolute, objective and others interchangeably. Same with moral values, values,
at all, worth, measuers, and usefulness. You infer from them as if they were
the same.
 
To the IF. When the If is not fulfilled, your intermission is a waste of time.
Assuming that you don't intend this, it is reasonable to conclude that you
want to argue a point.
 
You have made a interesting statement here, namely that of the disinterested
observer. There is no such thing in morals. Probably the shortest proof for
objective and morality being a contradiction.
 
 
>#For one, you have never given a set of morals people agree upon. Unlike
>#a football. Further, you conveniently ignore here that there are
>#many who would not agree on tghe morality of something. The analogy
>#does not hold.
>
>I have, however, given an example of a VALUE people agree on, and explained
>why.  People will agree that their freedom is valuable.  I have also
>stated that such a value is a necessary condition for doing objective
>ethics - the IF assertion above.  And that is what I'm talking about, there
>isn't a point in talking about ethics if this can't be agreed.
>
 
Fine. And that freedom is valuable is not generally agreed upon. I could
name quite a lot of people who state the opposite. (Not that that wasn't
mentioned before). In other words, you have nothing to fulfill your strong
claims with.
 
 
>#One can expect sufficiently many people to agree on its being a football,
>#while YOU have to give the evidence that only vanishing number disagrees
>#with a set of morals YOU have to give.
>
>I'm not doing morals (ethics) if we can't get past values.  As I say,
>the only cogent objection to my 'freedom' example is that maybe people
>aren't talking about the same thing when they answer that it is valuable.
>Maybe not, and I want to think about this some, especially the implications
>of its being true.
>
 
Clutching a straw. I don't believe in mappings into metaphysical sets were
loaded terms are fixpoints. Those who deny the morality of freedom make quite
clear what they say, their practice is telling. Yes, there are even those who
are willingly unfree. It is quite common in religions, by the way. For one,
there is a religion which is named Submission.
 
Don't even try to argue that submission is freedom.
 
 
>#Further, the above is evidence, not proof. Proof would evolve out of testing
>#your theory of absolute morals against competing theories.
>
>Garbage.  That's not proof either.
>
 
If it were so, it would argue my case. But I am afraid that that is considered
proof.
 
 
>#The above is one of the arguments you reiterate while you never answer
>#the objections. Evidence that you are a preacher.
>
>Name that fallacy.
 
There is something universally valued in a moral context.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53488
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In <1qla0g$afp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>In article <115565@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>|> In article <1qi3l5$jkj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>|> 
>|> >I hope an Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI, which
>|> >ripped off so many small depositors among the Muslim
>|> >community in the Uk and elsewhere.
>|> 
[...deletions...]

>BBCI was an example of an Islamically owned and operated bank -
>what will someone bet me they weren't "real" Islamic owners and
>operators? - and yet it actually turned out to be a long-running
>and quite ruthless operation to steal money from small and often
>quite naive depositors.

An "Islamic Bank" is something which operates in a different fashion to
your modern bank, as I have explained here (on another thread) before.
For example, Islamic banks don't pay fixed interests on deposits, but a
return on investments (which varies according to the market, and is not
fixed like interest is).

Islamic banks are a relatively new phenomenon in the Islamic world.
There are no Islamic banks in "the West", including the USA, to my
knowledge.  I doubt if the market for them exists there -- at least not
while "Islamic banks" are at a relatively early stage of their
development as is the case now.  BCCI is most certainly not an "Islamic
bank" -- did BCCI ever pay a fixed interest rate on deposits?  If the
answer to this question is "yes", then BCCI was not an Islamic bank, as
Islamic banks are specifically set up to _not_ pay or charge interest.

Whether some Muslims partially owned the bank or whatever is completely
irrelevant.  

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53489
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)
From: sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed)

This is the most unmitigated bilge I've seen in a while. Jim Brown obviously
has possession of the right-wing token.

> Diplomatic alternatives, including sanctions, were ineffective.

"In December, former national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski told a
Senate committee that sanctions were costing Iraq $100 million per day, and
that the multinational coalition could take all the time in the world.
Iraq, he suggested, was losing badly every day it defied the UN demands,
while the community of nations won every day -- with no taking of life or
loss of life."  -- FCNL Washington Newsletter.

> The world is full of evil, and circumstances are not perfect.  Many
> innocents suffer due to the wrongful actions of others.  It it regretable,
> but that's The-Way-It-Is.

Wrongful actions of murderers like leaders of the US government, perhaps?
Regrettable, of course; The-Way-It-Is - certainly not.

> The media is not totally monolithic. ... There are even conservative
> sources out there if you know where to look.  (Hurrah for Rush!)

Good heavens! An escapee from Rush Limbot Land! "Conservative", my ass.

> And BTW, the reason I brought up the blanket-bombing in Germany was 
> because you were bemoaning the Iraqi civilian casualties as being 
> "so deplorable".  Yet blanket bombing was instituted because bombing 
> wasn't accurate enough to hit industrial/military targets in a 
> decisive way by any other method at that time.  But in the Gulf War, 
> precision bombing was the norm.

BULLSHIT!!! In the Gulf Massacre, 7% of all ordnance used was "smart." The
rest - that's 93% - was just regular, dumb ol' iron bombs and stuff. Have
you forgotten that the Pentagon definition of a successful Patriot launch
was when the missile cleared the launching tube with no damage? Or that a
successful interception of a Scud was defined as "the Patriot and Scud
passed each other in the same area of the sky"?

And of the 7% that was the "smart" stuff, 35% hit. Again - try to follow me
here - that means 65% of this "smart" arsenal missed.

>                                                       The stories
> of "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi civilian dead is just plain bunk.

Prove it. I have a source that says that to date, the civilian death count
(er, excuse me, I mean "collateral damage") is about 200,000.

-s
--
   "No one has attempted to calculate the costs of an execution in
Washington state, but studies elsewhere suggest it costs far more than
incarceration.
   "California is spending more than $90 million annually on capital cases,
and until this year hadn't executed anyone since 1972.  Texas, the national
leader in the number of executions, spends an estimated $2.3 million per
execution.  That compares to an average cost of incarceration in Washington
state of $25,000 per maximum-security prisoner per year."
--
  Shamim Mohamed / {uunet,noao,cmcl2..}!arizona!shamim / shamim@cs.arizona.edu
  "Take this cross and garlic; here's a Mezuzah if he's Jewish; a page of the
    Koran if he's a Muslim; and if he's a Zen Buddhist, you're on your own."
   Member of the League for Programming Freedom - write to lpf@uunet.uu.net

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53491
From: mccullou@snake10.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Gulf War (was Re: Death Penalty was Re: Political Atheists?)

In article <930421.120012.2o5.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
>> I looked back at this, and asked some questions of various people and
>> got the following information which I had claimed and you pooh-poohed.
>> The US has not sold Iraq any arms.
>
>What about the land mines which have already been mentioned?

I asked around in one of the areas you suggested yourself, and presented
the information I got.  No mention of US landmines was given.

>> other countries (like Kuwait).  Information is hard to prove.  You are
>> claiming that the US sold information?  Prove it.  [...]  Information
>> is hard to prove, almost certainly if the US did sell information, then that
>> fact is classified, and you can't prove it.
>
>Oh, very neat.  Dismiss everything I say unless I can prove beyond a shadow
>of a doubt something which you yourself admit I can never prove to your
>satisfaction.  Thanks, I'll stick to squaring circles.
>
>mathew

Okay, so you are going to blindly believe in things without reasonable
evidence?  I didn't realize you were a theist.  I am doubting a claim
presented without any evidence to support it.  If you are able to present
real evidence for it, then great.  But unsupported claims, or even claims
by such and such news agency will not be accepted.  If you want to
stick to the sheer impossible, instead of the merely difficult, then
fine.  

The statement that if such a fact is classified, then you 
can't prove it, is a simple matter of pragmatics and the law.  If you 
have access to classified information that you know to be classified,
and you reveal it, there is a good chance that you or someone else 
(the person who revealed it to you), is going to jail.  

I never said that you couldn't prove it to my satisfaction, I merely
said that it was difficult.  (Who said I try and make things easy
for people I am arguing with :) (Unless of course, they need the
handicap).

-- 
***************************************************************************
* mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu * Never program and drink beer at the same *
* M^2                          *  time.  It doesn't work.                 *
***************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53492
From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

In article <1r4lva$5vq@fido.asd.sgi.com>, livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
> In article <1993Apr20.102306.882@batman.bmd.trw.com>, jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
> |> In article <1993Apr20.062328.19776@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, 
> |> dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
> |> 
> |> [...]

[....]
> |> 
> |> Wait a minute, Doug.  I know you are better informed than that.  The US 
> |> has never invaded Nicaragua (as far as I know).
> 
> The US invaded Nicaragua several times this century, including 
> October 1912, andf again in February 1927.
> 
> Haiti was occupied in 1915.

Thanks Jon.  I had forgotten about the 1912 and 1927 invasions (if I had
ever learned of them.  I mean I *really* forgot!)  But I read the context
as more recent, such as when the Sandinistas were expecting an "imminent"
invasion from the U.S. which never happened.

I stand corrected.  Thanks.

> 
> |>   Panama we invaded, true (twice this century). 
> 
> The US created Panama in the first place by fomenting and then
> intervening in a civil war in the then-Republic of Colombia.
> 
> US troops landed in Colombia, to "help" with the uprising, and then
> Colombia was duly dismembered and replaced by two countries, in 
> order that the US could build the Panama Canal in the new Republic
> of Panama.
> 

I remembered this one.  This one and Bush's invasion were the two I
mentioned above.  Good ol' Teddy R.-- he knew how to get things done!

> jon.

Regards,

Jim B.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53493
From: danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4963@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>In article 21627@ousrvr.oulu.fi, kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko) writes:
>|>Dan Schaertel,,, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) wrote:
>|>
>|>
>|>What does this mean? To learn you must accept that you don't know 
>|>something, right-o. But to learn you must _accept_ something I don't
>|>know, why? This is not the way I prefer to learn. It is unwise to
>|>merely swallow everything you read. Suppose I write a book telling
>|>how the Great Invisible Pink Unicorn (tm) has helped me in my
>|>daily problems, would you accept this, since you can't know whether
>|>it is true or not?
>|>
>
>No one asks you to swallow everything, in fact Jesus warns against it.   But let
>me ask you a question.  Do you beleive what you learn in history class, or for
>that matter anything in school.  I mean it's just what other people have told
>you and you don't want to swallow what others say. right ... ?

Right.

>There is no way to get into a sceptical heart.  You can not say you have given a 
>sincere effort with the attitude you seem to have.  You must TRUST, not just go 
>to church and participate in it's activities.  Were you ever willing to die for what
>you believed?  

The Branch Dividians were. They believed and trusted so much that it became
impossible to turn back to reality. What you are advocating is total
irreversible brainwashing.

Dan



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53495
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1r35oe$hqd@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> In article <1r2kt7$6e1@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> #In article <1qugin$9tf@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> #|> In article <1qkogg$k@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> #|>
|> #|> #And in that area, what you care about is whether someone is sceptical,
|> #|> #critical and autonomous on the one hand, or gullible, excitable and
|> #|> #easily led on the other.
|> #|> 
|> #|> Indeed I may.  And one may be an atheist and also be gullible, excitable
|> #|> and easily led.
|> #|> 
|> #|> #I would say that a tendency to worship tyrants and ideologies indicates
|> #|> #that a person is easily led.   Whether they have a worship or belief 
|> #|> #in a supernatural hero rather than an earthly one seems to me to be
|> #|> #beside the point.
|> #|> 
|> #|> Sure.  But whether or not they are atheists is what we are discussing,
|> #|> not whether they are easily led.  
|> #
|> #Not if you show that these hypothetical atheists are gullible, excitable
|> #and easily led from some concrete cause.   In that case we would also
|> #have to discuss if that concrete cause, rather than atheism, was the
|> #factor that caused their subsequent behaviour.
|> 
|> I'm not arguing that atheism causes such behaviour - merely that
|> it is not relevant to the definition of atheism, which is 'lack of belief in 
|> gods'.  

Throw away the FAQ.   We can all just ask Mr O'Dwyer, since he can
define the thing that the rest of us only talk about.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53496
From: mccullou@snake10.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Gulf War / Selling Arms

In article <930421.120313.2L5.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>> Mathew, I agree.  This, it seems, is the crux of your whole position,
>> isn't it?  That the US shouldn't have supported Hussein and sold him arms
>> to fight Iran?  I agree.  And I agree in ruthlessly hunting down those
>> who did or do.  But we *did* sell arms to Hussein, and it's a done deal.
>> Now he invades Kuwait.  So do we just sit back and say, "Well, we sold
>> him all those arms, I suppose he just wants to use them now.  Too bad
>> for Kuwait."  No, unfortunately, sitting back and "letting things be"
>> is not the way to correct a former mistake.  Destroying Hussein's
>> military potential as we did was the right move.  But I agree with
>> your statement, Reagan and Bush made a grave error in judgment to
>> sell arms to Hussein.
>
>But it's STILL HAPPENING.  That's the entire point.  Only last month, John
>Major hailed it as a great victory that he had personally secured a sale of
>arms to Saudi Arabia.  The same month, we sold jet fighters to the same
>Indonesian government that's busy killing the East Timorese.

I heard about the arms sale to Saudi Arabia.  Now, how is it such a grave
mistake to sell Saudi Arabia weapons?  Or are you claiming that we shouldn't
sell any weapons to other countries?  Straightforward answer please.

>It's all very well to say "Oops, we made a boo-boo, better clean up the
>mistake", but the US and UK *keep* making the *same* mistake.  They do it so
>often that I can't believe it's not deliberate.  This suspicion is reinforced
>by the fact that the mistake is an extremely profitable one for a decrepit
>economy reliant on arms sales.

Who benefits from arms sales?  Hint, it isn't normally the gov't.  It is
the contractor that builds that piece of equipment.  Believe it or not,
the US and UK don't export the huge quantities of arms that you have
just accused them of doing.  Arms exports are rare enough, that it
requires an act of congress for non-small arms to most countries, if
not all.  Do you believe in telling everyone who can do what, and who
can sell their goods to whom?  

>
>mathew


-- 
***************************************************************************
* mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu * Never program and drink beer at the same *
* M^2                          *  time.  It doesn't work.                 *
***************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53497
From:  (Rashid)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr17.044430.801@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>,
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) wrote:
> 
Stuff deleted
> Now, I do not believe in _blindly_ following anyone, no matter
> how knowledgeable he or she may be in Islamic law.  If someone tells me
> "Islam says such and such", I immediately say "show me the support for
> this statement from the Qur'an and Sunnah".  I believe this to be my
> Islamic duty, for according to one hadith of the Prophet (peace and
> blessings of God be with him), if your leader tells you to enter a fire,
> and you do it (and kill yourself), then you have sinned for doing 
> wrong, even though you
> were _blindly_ following the instructions of your leader.  _I_ am
> responsible for my own actions, not Abu Hanifa, or Imam Malik, etc.,
> even if I am blindly following the opinions of Abu Hanifa etc.
> 
> With this in mind, to my understanding, we must look at the reasoning
> behind such opinions of Muslims that support Khomeini's fatwa.  Now, to
> my understanding, the hadith upon which those who support Khomeini's
> fatwa is relating to a particular instance that occurred during war
> time.  Now, brother, in general, it is IMHO ridiculous and wrong to say
> that a hadith relating to the actions of war is usable during times of
> peace.  I think any sensible human being can see this, so I personally
> think that the reasoning of some of our ulema in this matter is faulty,
> for they think it is legitimate to use acts of war in times of peace
> regarding this particular subject.
> 
> If you think I am wrong, please feel free to say so, _with your
> reasoning from Qur'an and hadith_, please.  Not because somebody said
> so, I want the reasoning from Al-Qur'an and the sahih hadiths.
> 
> Perhaps we should take our discussion to soc.religion.islam.  Please
> email me, Rashid, if you think we should do this.
>  
> By the way, I also disagree with your opinion regarding the punishment
> for apostasy.  The viewpoint I follow -- that there is in general no
> punishment for apostasy -- is _very_ strongly supported by Qur'an and
> hadith.  This is very well shown in the book "Punishment in Islamic Law"
> by Mohamed S. El-Awa (American Trust Publications, 1981).
> 

I reiterate that I would agree with you that there is little
justification for the punishment of apostasy in the Qur'an.
In Islamic history, as well, apostasy has rarely been punished. 
Belief is considered a matter of conscience and since there
is to be no compulsion in the matter of belief, apostates have
been generally left to believe or not believe as they will.

However, when an apostate makes attacks upon "God and
His Messenger" the situation changes. Now the charge of
apostasy may be complicated with other charges - perhaps 
charges of sedition, treason, spying, etc. If the person 
makes a public issue of their apostasy or mounts public
attacks (as opposed to arguement) against Islam, the
situation is likewise complicated. If the person spreads
slander or broadcasts falsehoods, again the situation
changes. The punishments vary according to the situation
the apostate is in. Anyhow, the charge of aggravated
apostasy would only be a subsidiary charge in Rushdie's case.

There is a distinction in the Qur'an between a formal war situation
and being in the situation where someone unilaterally
wages war (by their actions), creates disorder, makes mischief,etc. 
against the Muslims and creates a situation that results in harm 
to Muslims. Here, a small group or even a single individual could
be said to be engaged in such a practise. In other words, there is
a clear difference between a formal war situation (where two
clearly defined parties wage war, conclude treaties, exchange
prisoners, etc.), and dealing with attacks that come from isolated
individuals or groups against Islam. It is the second situation, 
the unilateral attack and the spreading of "fasad" that 
would apply in the case of Rushdie.

The matter of Rushdie is not a simple matter of banning an 
offensive book (banning the book is secondary) -
a full set of circumstances following the publication of
the book come into play as well, including the deaths of many
Muslims, and Rushdie's (and his publishers) Media games.


> Now, I do not believe in _blindly_ following anyone, no matter
> how knowledgeable he or she may be in Islamic law.  If someone tells me
> "Islam says such and such", I immediately say "show me the support for
> this statement from the Qur'an and Sunnah".  I believe this to be my
> Islamic duty, for according to one hadith of the Prophet (peace and
> blessings of God be with him), if your leader tells you to enter a fire,
> and you do it (and kill yourself), then you have sinned for doing 
> wrong, even though you
> were _blindly_ following the instructions of your leader.  _I_ am
> responsible for my own actions, not Abu Hanifa, or Imam Malik, etc.,
> even if I am blindly following the opinions of Abu Hanifa etc.

>Now, to
> my understanding, the hadith upon which those who support Khomeini's
> fatwa is relating to a particular instance that occurred during war
> time.  Now, brother, in general, it is IMHO ridiculous and wrong to say
> that a hadith relating to the actions of war is usable during times of
> peace.  I think any sensible human being can see this, so I personally
> think that the reasoning of some of our ulema in this matter is faulty,
> for they think it is legitimate to use acts of war in times of peace
> regarding this particular subject.

I am not sure which hadith you are referring to above. I believe
that one of the Qur'anic verses on which the fatwa is based is 5:33.
Every verse in the Qur'an has a corresponding "circumstance of
revelation" but in no way is the understanding (the tafsir) of the
verse restricted solely to the particular historical circumstance
in which it was revealed. If this was the case then we could say
that all the laws and regulations that were revealed when the
Muslims were NOT involved in conflict, should be suspended when
they were at war. The logic does not follow. In complex, real-life
situations, there may be many verses and many hadiths which can
all be related to a single, complicated situation. The internal
relationships between these verses may be quite complex, such that
arriving at an understanding of how the verses interlock and how
each applies to the particular situation can be quite a demanding task.
It is not necessarily a simple "this or that" process. There may
be many parameters involved, there may be a larger context in
which a particular situation should be viewed. All these matters
impinge on the situation.

In other words there is a great deal involved in deciphering the Qur'an.
The Qur'an asks us to reflect on its verses, but this reflection must
entail more than simply reading a verse and its corresponding hadith.
If the reflection is for the sake of increasing personal piety, then each
person has his own level of understanding and there is no harm in that.
However, if the reflection is in order to decide matters that pertain to
the
State, to the gestation of laws and rulings, to the gestation of society,
the dispensing of justice, the guidance of the community, then there 
are certain minimum requirements of understanding that one 
should achieve. Jaffar Ibn Muhammad as-Sadiq(a.s.) relates some of 
these requirements, as taught by the Prophet(S.A.), in a hadith:

"...he who does not distinguish in the Book of Allah the abrogating
verse from the abrogated one, and a specific one from a general one,
and a decisive from an ambiguous; and does not differentiate between
a permission and an obligation, and does not recognize a verse of
Meccan period from a Medinite one, and does not know the circumstances 
of revelation, and does not understand the technical words of
the Qur'an (whether simple or compound); and does not comprehend the
knowledge of decree and measure, and is ignorant of advancing and
delaying (in its verses); and does not distinguish the clear from
the deep, nor the manifest from the esoteric, nor the beginning
from the termination; and is unaware of the question and the answer,
the disjoining and the joining, and the exceptions and the all-inclusive,
and is ignorant of an adjective of a preceding noun that explains the
subsequent one; and is unaware of the emphasized subject and the
detailed one, the obligatory laws and the permissions, the places of the
duties and rules, and the meaning of the lawful and the unlawful; and
does not know the joined words, and the words that are related to those
coming before them, or after them - then such a man does not know
the Qur'an; nor is he among the people of the Qur'an....".

Based on these and other hadiths, and in accordance with many Qur'anic
verses ("Why should not a company from every group remain behind 
to gain profound understanding (tafaqquh) in religion and to warn 
people when they return to them, so that they may beware." (9:122)),
a science of jurisprudence arose. The requirements
for a person to be considered a mujtahid (one who can pronounce on
matters of law and religion) are many. I've listed a few major 
divisions below - there are, of course, many subdivisions within these
headings.

- Knowledge of Arabic (syntax, conjugation, roots, semantics, oratory).
- Knowledge of tafsir and principles of tafsir.
- Logic (mantiq)
- A knowledge of Hadiths
- A knowledge of transmitters (rijal)
- Knowledge of the principles of juriprudence (Qur'an, Sunnah, Consensus,
Reasoning)

The study of Qur'an and sunnah for purposes of law involves:
- discussion of imperatives (awamir)
- discussion of negative imperatives (nawahi)
- discussion of generalities and particularities (aam wa khas)
- discussion of unconditional and conditional
- discussion of tacit meanings
- discussion of the abstract and the clear
- discussion of the abrogator and the abrogated

The principles of Application of the law involves:
- principles of exemption
- principles of precaution
- principles of option
- principles of mastery

The jurisprudent is bound to go through a very rigorous process
in pronouncing judgement on a given situation. It is not a matter
of looking at one verse and one hadith. 

Now no one should blindly follow anyone, but there is a difference
between blind following and acceding to the opinion of someone who is
clearly more knowledgeable and more qualified than oneself. There is the
famous hadith of the Prophet (S.A.) in which he says:
"The fuqaha (religious scholars) are the trustees of the Prophet, as 
long as they do not concern themselves with the illicit desires, pleasures,
and wealth of this world." The Prophet (S.A.) was asked: "O Messenger
of God! How may we know if they so concern themselves?" He (S.A.) replied:
"By seeing whether they follow the ruling power. If they do that, fear for
your religion and shun them." I do not yet know enough about the Imams
of the four Sunni madhabs to comment on how this hadith applies
to them or to the contemporary scholars who base themselves upon them.

The Prophet also refered to the fuqaha as "The fortress of Islam". My only
point is to make it clear that arriving at a legal judgement calls into
play a certain amount of expertise - the specifics of this expertise is 
delineated in the Qur'an and hadith. Those who acquire this expertise
are praised in both the Qur'an and hadith - those who without the requisite
knowledge pronounce on matters that affect society, state, and religion 
are cautioned.

The only reason I said anything at all about the Rushdie affair in this
group, is because the whole basis for the discussion of the fatwa (that is,
apostasy), was wrong. When one discusses something they should at least
base their discussion on fact. Secondly, Khomeini was condemned as a
heretic
because he supposedly claimed to be infallible - another instance of
creating a straw man and then beating him.

> Perhaps we should take our discussion to soc.religion.islam.  Please
> email me, Rashid, if you think we should do this.

I agree that we should move the discussion to another newsgroup.
Unfortunately,
I do not have any access to email, so private discussion or a moderated
group
is out of the question (I cannot post to a moderated group like
soc.religion.islam. How about soc.culture.arabic or talk.religion.misc?

As salaam a-laikum

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53498
From:  (Rashid)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <116171@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) wrote:
> 
I have already made the clear claim that
> Khomeini advocates views which are in contradition with the Qur'an
> and have given my arguments for this. This is something that can be
> checked by anyone sufficiently interested. Khomeini, being dead,
> really can't respond, but another poster who supports Khomeini has
> responded with what is clearly obfuscationist sophistry. This should
> be quite clear to atheists as they are less susceptible to religionist
> modes of obfuscationism. 
> 

Don't mind my saying this but the best example of obfuscation is to
condemn without having even your most basic facts straight. If you
want some examples, go back and look at your previous posts, where
you manage to get your facts wrong about the fatwa and Khomeini's 
supposed infallibility.

As salaam a-laikum

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53499
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Consciousness part II - Kev Strikes Back!

Kevin Anthoney (kax@cs.nott.ac.uk) wrote:

(about my reply)

> Diplomatic :-)

It a society that is constantly on the verge of flaming, Usenet, diplomacy
is the best way to ensure the voice of reason gets through, isn't it?

> I realize I'm fighting Occam's razor in this argument, so I'll try to
> explain why I feel a mind is necessary. 

Kevin, unfortunately you are now delving into field I know too little
about, algorithms. Your reasoning, as I see it, is very much along the
lines of Roger Penrose, who claimed that mathematical 'insight' cannot
be algorithmic in his book _The emperor's new mind: Concerning
computers, minds, and the laws of physics_. However, Penrose's
claim that he _has_ mathematical insight, or your similar claim
that wavefunctions collapse only when we consciously take a look,
could be just illusions.

We are obviouslu taking very different viewpoints - I try to ponder
on the problem of consciousness from an evolutionary perspective,
realising that it might not be anything special, but certainly
useful. Thinking back of what I wrote, do you think worms have minds
or not? They are able to experience pain, at least they behave 
just like that. Yet it is conceivable that we might some day
in the future perform a "total synthesis of C. elegans" from
the elements. Would such a worm have a mind?

> Firstly, I'm not impressed with the ability of algorithms. They're
> great at solving problems once the method has been worked out, but not
> at working out the method itself.

This is true to some extent. However, I do not think that our brains
work like computers, at all. In fact, there is substantial evidence
(Skarda, 1985; Skarda & Freeman 1987) that brains work more or less
chaotically, generating enough randomness for mental states to evolve.
Our brains work much like genetic algorithm generators, I suppose.

> the trick still has to be there in some form to be discovered. Does
> this mean that all the ideas we will ever have are already
> pre-programmed into our brains? This is somewhat unlikely, given that
> our brains ultimately are encoded in 46 chromosomes worth of genetic
> material, much of which isn't used.

Indeed, this is extremely unlikely, given the vast impact of nurture
on our mind and brain. I suggest, however, that before trying to
understand our consciousness as a collection of algorithms. 

Kevin, take a look at the references I mentioned, and think again.
I still think the best experts on the nature of a conscious mind
are neurologists, neuropsychologists and biologists (but do not 
flame me for my opinions), since they study beings that are
conscious. 

The reason I am repeating my advice is that this discussion cannot
lead to anywhere if our backgrounds are too different.

And please, do not bring QM into this discussion at all - not
all physicists are happy with the claim that our consciousness
plays some special role in physics. I would say it doesn't.

> The other problem with algorithms is their instability. Not many
> algorithms survive if you take out a large portion of their code, yet
> people survive strokes without going completely haywire (there are
> side-effects, but patients still seem remarkably stable.) Also,
> neurons in perfectly healthy people are dying at an alarming rate -
> can an algorithm survive if I randomly corrupt various bits of it's
> code?

Again, _brains are not computers_. Don't forget this. This does not
mean they need something else to work - they just work differently.
Their primary 'purpose' is perception and guidance of action, 
self-awareness and high intelligence are later appearances.

> The next problem is the sticky question of "What is colour?" (replace
> 'colour' with the sensation of your choice.) Presumably, the
> materialist viewpoint is that it's the product of some kind of
> chemical reaction. The usual products of such a reaction are energy +
> different chemicals. Is colour a mixture of these?

You are still expecting that we could find the idea of 'green' in
our brains somewhere, perhaps in the form of some chemical. This is
not how I see it. The sensation 'green' is a certain time-dependent
pattern in the area V4 of our visual cortex, and it is distributed
with the help of areas V1 and V2 to the rest of the brain. 

Indeed, a firing pattern. I have sometimes thought of our consciousness
as a global free induction pattern of these local firing patterns,
but this is just idle speculation.

Scientific American's September 1992 issue was a special issue on
mind and brain. Have you already read it from cover to cover? ;-)
There are two articles on visual perception, so you might be 
interested.

But again, please note that subjective experiences cannot be 
observed from a third-person perspective. If we see nothing but 
neuronal activity, we cannot go on to conclude that this is not the
mind.

Kalat (1988) writes about numerous examples where electric stimulation
of different areas of brain have led to various changes in the 
patients' state of mind. For instance, a patient whose septal area
was stimulated (without his knowledge) by remote control during
a psychiatric interview was quickly cured of his depression, and
started discussing a plan to seduce his girlfriend.

Stimulations in the temporal lobe have sometimes led to embarrassing
situations, when the patients have started flirting with the
therapist.

In conclusion, there is evidence that

1) brains are essentially necessary for subjective experiences, 
   brain damage is usually equivalent to some sort of mind damage

2) conscious processes involve substantial brain activity in
   various areas of brain - when we think of colours, our
   visual cortex is activated etc.

3) consciousness is an afterthought - we become conscious of our
   actions with a half a second delay, and our brains are ahead
   of our 'conscious will' by at least 350 ms. 

Thus, I think it is fruitful to turn the question "Why do 'I' see
colours" around and ask "What is this 'I' that seems to be 
observing?", since it seems that our conscious mind is not
the king of our brains.

> If this is so, a
> computer won't see colour, because the chemistry is different. Does an
> algorithm that sees colour have a selective advantage over an
> equivalent that doesn't? It shouldn't, because the outputs of each
> algorithm ought to be the same in equivalent circumstances. So why do
> we see colour?

This depends on what is meant by 'seeing colours'. Does a neural
network that is capable of recognising handwritten numbers from
0 to 9 see the numbers, if it is capable of sorting them?

If you are asking, "why does an animal who is conscious of itself
as an observer have an evolutionary advantage over an animal who
doesn't", I have a good answer - read my previous posting,
where I wrote why a sense of identity helps social animals to swap
roles and act more morally, so that they don't unconsciously
kill each other with newly discovered weapons. (A bit extreme,
but this is the basic idea.)

When early _Homo_ became more and more efficient in using tools, 
a sense of identity and the concept of 'self' had to evolve in
line with this development. Indeed, respect for others and 
conscious altruistic behaviour might be evolutionary advantages
for social animals, such as early humans. 

> If I remember correctly, quantum mechanics consists of a wavefunction,
> with two processes acting on it. The first process has been called
> 'Unitary Evolution' (or 'U'), is governed by Schroedinger's equation
> and is well known. The second process, called various things such as
> 'collapse of the wavefunction' or 'state vector reduction' (or 'R'),
> and is more mysterious. It is usually said to occur when a
> 'measurement' takes place, although nobody seems to know precisely
> when that occurs. When it does occur, the effect of R is to abruptly
> change the wavefunction.

If minds are required for this, does this mean that until human
minds came to the scene, wavefunctions never collapsed, but remained
in the superpositions for aeons? My, how powerful we are.

This has been discussed before, and I think this topic is irrelevant,
since we do not agree that minds are necessary, and neither do
physicists. 

> Anyway, I'm speculating that minds would be in part X. There seems to
> be some link between consciousness and R, in that we never see linear
> superpositions of anything, although there are alternative
> explainations for this. I've no idea how a brain is supposed to access
> part X, but since this is only speculation, that won't matter too
> much :-) My main point is that there might be a place for minds in
> physics.

I agree, but not in the sense you apparently mean above - physics
needs sharp minds to solve many real problems. ;-)

> I'll go back to my nice padded cell now, if that's OK with you :-)

It's OK, if you don't forget to take with you the references I
wrote about in my previous posting, plus the following:

Kalat, James W. (1988): Biological Psychology.
3rd ed., Wadsworth Publishing Company, Belmont, CA 1988.

Skarda, C. (1985): Explaining behavior: Bringing the brain back in.
Inquiry 29:187-202.

Skarda, C. & Freeman, W. (1987): How brains make chaos in order to
make sense of the world. 
Behavioral and Brain Sciences 10:161-173.

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53500
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Consciousness part II - Kev Strikes Back!

Scott D. Sauyet (SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu) wrote:
> In <1993Apr21.163848.8099@cs.nott.ac.uk> 
> Kevin Anthony (kax@cs.nott.ac.uk) writes:

> > Firstly, I'm not impressed with the ability of algorithms. They're
> > great at solving problems once the method has been worked out, but not
> > at working out the method itself.
>   [ .. crossword example deleted ... ]

> Have you heard of neural networks?  I've read a little about them, and
> they seems to overcome most of your objections.

I'm sure there are many people who work with neural networks and
read this newsgroup. Please tell Kevin what you've achieved, and
what you expect.

> I am not saying that NNs will solve all such problems, but I think
> they show that it is not as hard as you think to come up with
> mechanical models of consciousness.

Indeed. I think dualism is a non-solution, or, as Dennett recently
put it, a dead horse. 

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53501
From: kax@cs.nott.ac.uk (Kevin Anthoney)
Subject: Re: Consciousness part II - Kev Strikes Back!

In article <1993Apr17.045559.12900@ousrvr.oulu.fi>
kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko) writes:

>Kevin Anthoney (kax@cs.nott.ac.uk) wrote:
>
>: This post is probably either brilliant or insane. Do let me know
>: which... :-)
>
>A brilliant example of using the introspective objection against 
>materialist theories of consciousness.

Diplomatic :-)

I realize I'm fighting Occam's razor in this argument, so I'll try to
explain why I feel a mind is necessary. 

Firstly, I'm not impressed with the ability of algorithms. They're
great at solving problems once the method has been worked out, but not
at working out the method itself.

As a specific example, I like to solve numerical crosswords (not the
simple do-the-sums-and-insert-the-answers type, the hard ones.) To do
these with any efficiency, you need to figure out a variety of tricks.
Now, I know that you can program a computer to do these puzzles, but
in doing so you have to work out the tricks _yourself_, and program
them into the computer. You can, of course, 'obfuscate' the trick, and
write the program so that it is uncovered, but as far as I can see,
the trick still has to be there in some form to be discovered. Does
this mean that all the ideas we will ever have are already
pre-programmed into our brains? This is somewhat unlikely, given that
our brains ultimately are encoded in 46 chromosomes worth of genetic
material, much of which isn't used.

One way around this is to bring the environment into the equation, but
(again, as far as I can see) this still has an air of 'if you see
object X, then perform action Y,' and we don't seem to get anywhere.
The algorithm has to anticipate what it might see, and what
conclusions to draw from it's experience.

The other problem with algorithms is their instability. Not many
algorithms survive if you take out a large portion of their code, yet
people survive strokes without going completely haywire (there are
side-effects, but patients still seem remarkably stable.) Also,
neurons in perfectly healthy people are dying at an alarming rate -
can an algorithm survive if I randomly corrupt various bits of it's
code?

The next problem is the sticky question of "What is colour?" (replace
'colour' with the sensation of your choice.) Presumably, the
materialist viewpoint is that it's the product of some kind of
chemical reaction. The usual products of such a reaction are energy +
different chemicals. Is colour a mixture of these? If this is so, a
computer won't see colour, because the chemistry is different. Does an
algorithm that sees colour have a selective advantage over an
equivalent that doesn't? It shouldn't, because the outputs of each
algorithm ought to be the same in equivalent circumstances. So why do
we see colour?


>
>However, such a view is actually a nonsolution. How should minds be
>able to act as observers, feel pain and pleasure and issue
>commands any better than the brain? Moreover, how do the interactions
>occur?

A bit of idle speculation...

If I remember correctly, quantum mechanics consists of a wavefunction,
with two processes acting on it. The first process has been called
'Unitary Evolution' (or 'U'), is governed by Schroedinger's equation
and is well known. The second process, called various things such as
'collapse of the wavefunction' or 'state vector reduction' (or 'R'),
and is more mysterious. It is usually said to occur when a
'measurement' takes place, although nobody seems to know precisely
when that occurs. When it does occur, the effect of R is to abruptly
change the wavefunction.

I envisage R as an interaction between the wavefunction and 'something
else,' which I shall imaginitively call 'part X.' It seems reasonable
to assume that _something_ causes R, although that something might be
the wavefunction itself (in which case, part X is simply the
wavefunction. Note, though, that we'd need more than U to explain R.)

Anyway, I'm speculating that minds would be in part X. There seems to
be some link between consciousness and R, in that we never see linear
superpositions of anything, although there are alternative
explainations for this. I've no idea how a brain is supposed to access
part X, but since this is only speculation, that won't matter too
much :-) My main point is that there might be a place for minds in
physics.

I'll go back to my nice padded cell now, if that's OK with you :-)

>
>
>Petri

-- 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kevin Anthoney                                         kax@cs.nott.ac.uk
            Don't believe anything you read in .sig files.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53502
From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4963@eastman.UUCP>, dps@nasa.kodak.com (Dan Schaertel,,,)
wrote:
> 
> 
> The life , death, and resurection of Christ is documented historical fact. 

Not by any standard of history I've seen. Care to back this up, sans the
lies apologists are so fond of?

> However all the major events of the life
> of Jesus Christ were fortold hundreds of years before him.  Neat trick uh?

Not really. Most of the prophesies aren't even prophesies. They're prayers
and comments taken from the Torah quite out of context. Seems Xians started
lying right from the beginning.

> 
> There is no way to get into a sceptical heart.  You can not say you have given a 
> sincere effort with the attitude you seem to have.

My we're an arrogant ass, aren't we?

> You must TRUST, not just go 
> to church and participate in it's activities. 

You're wrong to think we haven't. The trust was in something that doesn't
exist.

> Were you ever willing to die for what
> you believed?  

I'm still willing to die for what I believe and don't believe. So were the
loonies in Waco. So what? 

Besides, the point's not to die for what one believes in. The point's to
make that other sorry son-of-a-bitch to die for what *he* believes in!   :)

Doesn't anyone else here get tired of these cretins' tirades?

Peter the Damed, and damned proud of it!

Don't forget to sing:
            They say there's a heaven for those who will wait
                Some say it's better, but I say it ain't
        I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
                     The sinners are much more fun
                         Only the good die young!

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53503
From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: Cults Vs. Religions?

In article <1r4bfe$7hg@aurora.engr.LaTech.edu>, ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill
Ray) wrote:
> 
> James Thomas Green (jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu) wrote:
> 
> :  
> : So in conclusion it can be shown that there is essentially no
> : logical argument which clearly differentiates a "cult" from a
> : "religion".  I challenge anyone to produce a distinction which
> : is clear and can't be easily knocked down.  
> 
> How about this one: a religion is a cult which has stood the test
> of time.

Or a religion is a cult that got co-opted by people who are better at
compartmentalizing their irrationality.

Peter

Don't forget to sing:
            They say there's a heaven for those who will wait
                Some say it's better, but I say it ain't
        I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
                     The sinners are much more fun
                         Only the good die young!

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53504
From: mccullou@snake10.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

In article <930421.121209.0e2.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>> The problem with most peace-niks it they consider those of us who are
>> not like them to be "bad" and "unconscionable".  I would not have any
>> argument or problem with a peace-nik if they held to their ideals and
>> stayed out of all conflicts or issues, especially those dealing with 
>> the national defense.  But no, they are not willing to allow us to
>> legitimately hold a different point-of-view.  They militate and 
>> many times resort to violence all in the name of peace.
>
><Yawn>  Another right-wing WASP imagining he's an oppressed minority. 
>Perhaps Camille Paglia is right after all.

Personal attacks?  

>"I would not have any argument or problem with a peace-nik if they [...]
>stayed out of all conflicts or issues"?  I bet you wouldn't.  You'd love it. 

Deliberate misinterpretation of a persons statement?  (By cutting out
the part of the statement, he tries to blunt the thrust of the sentence.
He never addresses the issue of extreemist peace people not holding true
to their ideals.)

>But what makes you think that sitting back, saying nothing about defense
>issues, and letting people like you make all the decisions is anything to do
>with "their ideals"?

Ignoring the challenge?  (He ignores the challenge that extreemists for
peace tend to be quite insistent that everyone accept their ideals for
the world, and have even turned quite violent.  (Witness, Chicago, summer
1968)).

>
>mathew

Paranoia?  (He assumes that anyone who argues against his viewpoint must
"masturbate over Guns'N'Ammo.")

Fire up the Oven, it isn't hot enough!

-- 
***************************************************************************
* mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu * Never program and drink beer at the same *
* M^2                          *  time.  It doesn't work.                 *
***************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53505
From: mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

In article <37501@optima.cs.arizona.edu> sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed) writes:
>This is the most unmitigated bilge I've seen in a while. Jim Brown obviously
>has possession of the right-wing token.
>
>> Diplomatic alternatives, including sanctions, were ineffective.
>
>"In December, former national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski told a
>Senate committee that sanctions were costing Iraq $100 million per day, and
>that the multinational coalition could take all the time in the world.
>Iraq, he suggested, was losing badly every day it defied the UN demands,
>while the community of nations won every day -- with no taking of life or
>loss of life."  -- FCNL Washington Newsletter.

As I understand, that number is deceptive.  The reason is that the money
cost was in non-oil sales for the most part.  Iraq still is not allowed
to sell oil, or do many of the things under the initial sanctions, but
is still surviving.

>> And BTW, the reason I brought up the blanket-bombing in Germany was 
>> because you were bemoaning the Iraqi civilian casualties as being 
>> "so deplorable".  Yet blanket bombing was instituted because bombing 
>> wasn't accurate enough to hit industrial/military targets in a 
>> decisive way by any other method at that time.  But in the Gulf War, 
>> precision bombing was the norm.
>
>BULLSHIT!!! In the Gulf Massacre, 7% of all ordnance used was "smart." The
>rest - that's 93% - was just regular, dumb ol' iron bombs and stuff. Have
>you forgotten that the Pentagon definition of a successful Patriot launch
>was when the missile cleared the launching tube with no damage? Or that a
>successful interception of a Scud was defined as "the Patriot and Scud
>passed each other in the same area of the sky"?

Of the ~93% (I have heard figures closer to 80%, but I won't quibble your
figures), most was dropped in carpet bombing of regions only occupied by
enemy troops.  A B-52 drops a lot of bombs in one sortie, and we used them
around the clock.  Not to mention other smaller aircraft using dumb
munitions.  

2.  The Patriot uses a proximity fuse.  The adjusted figures for number
of Patriot kills of SS-1 derivitives is ~60-70%.  That figure came
not from some fluke in the Pentagon, but a someone working with such
stuff in another part of DoD.

3.  The statement precision bombing was the norm, is true around areas
where civilians were close to the target.  We dropped by tonnage very
little bombs in populated regions, explaining the figures.  

>And of the 7% that was the "smart" stuff, 35% hit. Again - try to follow me
>here - that means 65% of this "smart" arsenal missed.

This figure, is far below all the other figures I have seen.  If it
is indeed accurate, then how do you explain the discrepancy between
that figure, and other figures from international organizations?
Most figures I have seen place the hit ratio close to 70%, which is 
still far higher than your 35%.  Or does your figure say a bomb
missed if the plane took off with it, and the bomb never hit the target,
regardless of whether or not the bomb was dropped?  Such methods
are used all the time to lie with statistics.

>>                                                       The stories
>> of "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi civilian dead is just plain bunk.
>
>Prove it. I have a source that says that to date, the civilian death count
>(er, excuse me, I mean "collateral damage") is about 200,000.

I have _never_ seen any source that was claiming such a figure.  Please
post the source so its reliability can be judged.  



-- 
***************************************************************************
* mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu * Never program and drink beer at the same *
* M^2                          *  time.  It doesn't work.                 *
***************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53506
From: pauld@verdix.com (Paul Durbin)
Subject: Re: DAVID CORESH IS! GOD!

On one of the morning shows (I think is was the Today Show), David Koresh's
lawyer was interviewed. During that interview he flipped through some letters
that David Koresh wrote. On one of letters was written in Hebrew (near the
bottom of the page):

  koresh adonai

Did anyone else see that? What could this mean by him (David) writing this?

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53509
From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: It's all Mary's fault!

dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
>   Nice attempt Chris . . . verrry close.
> 
>   You missed the conspiracy by 1 step. Joseph knew who knocked her up.
> He couldn't let it be known that somebody ELSE got ol' Mary prego. That
> wouldn't do well for his popularity in the local circles. So what 
> happened is that she was feeling guilty, he was feeling embarrassed, and
> THEY decided to improve both of their images on what could have otherwise
> been the downfall for both. Clever indeed. Come to think of it . . . I
> have gained a new respect for the couple. Maybe Joseph and Mary should
> receive all of the praise being paid to jesus.

Lucky for them that the baby didn't have any obvious deformities!  I could
just see it now: Mary gets pregnant out of wedlock so to save face she and
Joseph say that it was God that got her pregnant and then the baby turns
out to be deformed, or even worse, stillborn!  They'd have a lot of
explaining to do.... :-)

> Dave "Buckminster" Fuller
> How is that one 'o keeper of the nicknames ?

Nanci
.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
Life does not cease to be funny when people die, any more than it ceases to
be serious when people laugh.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53510
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re:  Islam And Scientific Predictions (was

In article <C5L1Fv.H9r@ra.nrl.navy.mil> khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil (Umar Khan) writes:
>How would a man of 7th Century Arabia have known
>what *not to include* in the Holy Qur'an (assuming he had authored
>it)?  
>

  So now we're judging the Qur'an by what's not in it?  

  How many mutton headed arguments am I going to have to wade
  through today?

>Lots of other books have been written on this subject.  Those
>books can speak far more eloquently than I.

  One would hope.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53512
From: jmunch@hertz.elee.calpoly.edu (John Munch)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr15.212943.15118@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:
>P.S. I'm not sure about this but I think the charge of "shatim" also
>applies to Rushdie and may be encompassed under the umbrella
>of the "fasad" ruling.

Please define the words "shatim" and "fasad" before you use them again.

/---- John David Munch ------------------ jmunch@hertz.elee.calpoly.edu ----\
|...." the heart can change, be full of hate, or love. If people are allowed|
|to base their lives through their hearts, anything can happen. A dangerous |
|situation, in my opinion." -Bobby Mozumder describing problems with atheism|

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53515
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <1993Apr15.163317.20805@cs.nott.ac.uk> eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (C.Wainwright) writes:
>In article <115437@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
>|> The authorities I am referring to is the authority of the world
>|> Islamic community over itself. My point was simply that Islamic
>|> law does apply to muslims wherever they are despite the fact that 
>|> Islamic law may not be enforcable in non-Islamic countries.

>Muslims residing in the UK may decide to be 'tried' (or whatever) by the
>Islamic community, but their rulings have no legal consequences in these
>isles.  

It's not really their _decision_ to be tried. The rulings _do_ have
legal consequences, but only in Islamic law and not in UK law (this
should be obvious). Enforcing a judgment is distinct from the making
of a judgment. Take for example the judgments of the World Court. This
is an internationally recognized tribunal whose judgments often have no
physical or economic effect but which _are_ important despite the fact
that their judgments cannot be enforced

>The person may be excommunicated (or similar) but if it decided to 
>mete out violent laws such as the fatwa then it would be breaking UK laws
>itself, and the persons doing such would be liable to prosecution. 


Of course, have you read any of this thread before this post? 


> To ignore
>the country's laws in preference to religious laws which are not indigenous
>to the country in question is an absurd and arrogant notion.

Of course, it is a sort of anarchism. Anarchism is explicitly against
Islam. Thank you for your well reasoned response, but it is beside the
points I've been making in this thread. 


Gregg



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53518
From: kutluk@ccl.umist.ac.uk (Kutluk Ozguven)
Subject: Re: Jewish Settlers Demolish a Mosque in Gaza

In <C5IwxM.G0z@news.chalmers.se> d9bertil@dtek.chalmers.se (Bertil Jonell) writes:

>In article <kutluk.734797558@ccl.umist.ac.uk> kutluk@ccl.umist.ac.uk (Kutluk Ozguven) writes:
>>Atheists are not
>>mentioned in the Quran because from a Quranic point of view, and a
>>minute's reasoning, one can see that there is no such thing.

>  But there are people who say that they are Atheists. If they aren't Atheists,
>what are they?

When the Quran uses the word *din* it means way of individual thinking, behaving,
communal order and protocols based on a set of beliefs. This is often
interpreted as the much weaker term religion. 

The atheists are not mentioned in the Quran along with Jews,
Mushriqin, Christians, etc. because the  latter are all din. To have a
din you need a set of beliefs, assumptions, etc, to forma a social
code. For example the Marxist have those, such as History, Conflict,
etc. That they do not put idols (sometimes they did) to represent
those assuptions  does not mean they are any different from the other
Mushriq, or roughly polytheists. 

There cannot be social Atheism, because when there is a community,
that community needs common ideas or standard beliefs to coordinate 
the society. When they inscribe assumptions, say Nation, or "Progress is 
the natural consequence of Human activity" or "parlamentarian
democracy is doubtlessly the best way of government", however 
they individually insist they do not have gods, from the Quranic point
of view they do. Therefore by definition, atheism does not exist. 
"We are a atheist society" in fact means "we reject the din other than
ours". 

Atheism can only exist when people reject all the idols/gods/dogmas/
suppositions/.. of the society that they part, and in that case that
is a personal deviation of belief, and Quran tells about such
deviations and disbelief. But as I mentioned, from a Quranic point of
looking at things, there is no Atheism in the macro level. 

I think it took more than one minute.

Kutluk

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53519
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Nostalgia


  The recent rise of nostalgia in this group, combined with the
  incredible level of utter bullshit, has prompted me to comb
  through my archives and pull out some of "The Best of Alt.Atheism"
  for your reading pleasure.  I'll post a couple of these a day
  unless group concensus demands that I stop, or I run out of good
  material.

  I haven't been particularly careful in the past about saving
  attributions.  I think the following comes from John A. Johnson,
  but someone correct me if I'm wrong.  This is probably the longest
  of my entire collection.

________________________________________________________


                                  So that the
                                  Prophecy be
                                   Fulfilled

                                     * * *

       In considering the Christian religion, and judging it
according to its claims, it is important to look at its claims at
fulfilling earlier Jewish prophecy.  The scribe Matthew is perhaps
the most eager to draw out what he thinks are prophetic answers in
the career of Jesus of Nazareth.  As you will see, Matthew's main
strategy is to take various Old Testament passages, often not even
about the promised Messiah, and apply them to the circumstances in
the New Testament.  We must also bear in mind the question of the
authenticity of the accounts.  Since the gospels were written at
least 35 years after Jesus was executed, we do not know how much
happened exactly as stated.  But, for purposes of analysis, we
will take particular claims at face value.

Immanuel:

       We begin, of course, at the beginning.

       (Mt 1.21-22):  "[Mary] will bear a son, and you,
       Joseph, will name him 'Jesus' (which means G'd is
       salvation), for he will save his people from their
       sins."  All this happened to fulfil what the lord had
       spoken by a prophet:

       [Isaiah 7.1-16]:  In the days of Ahaz (c. 750 BCE),
       king of Judah, Rezin of Syria and Pekah of Israel made
       war on Jerusalem (capitol of Judah), but could not
       quite conquer it.  When the house of David (i.e. Ahaz
       and his court in Judah) were told of this, ...its
       heart and the heart of its people shook...   And, the
       lord G'd said to Isaiah, "go to meet with Ahaz..." 
       ...And the lord spoke to Ahaz (through prophet Isaiah,
       naturally) saying, "Ask a sign of G'd your lord.  It
       can be as deep as Sheol or as high as heaven."  But,
       Ahaz said, "I won't ask; I will not put the lord to a
       test."  Then (Isaiah) said, "Hear then, O house of
       David.  Is it not enough for you to weary men, that
       you must weary my god too?  Therefore, the lord
       himself will give you a sign:  Behold, a young woman
       is with child and will bear a son, and name him
       "Immanuel," which means, "G'd is with us."   He will
       eat curds and honey when he knows how to refuse evil
       and choose good.  For, before the child knows how to
       refuse evil and choose good, the land of the two kings
       you dread will have been deserted...

Matthew homes in on just the sentence that is in italics. 
Further, he the Hebrew word "almah," (young woman), as
specifically, "virgin."  But, this is not a prophecy about the
Messiah.  It is not a prophecy about an event to happen 750 years
later.  It is not a prophecy about a virgin (bethulah) mother.  In
short, it not about Jesus.  Matthew has made use of a verse out of
context, and tries to make it fit the specific case of Mary.  It
should be noted that if we want to read the prophecy in a general
manner, a very general one, it can be made to fit Mary.  Mary,
virgin or not, was indeed a young woman with child.  Of course,
the fit is shady and has problems.  Jesus, while thought of by
later Christians to be G'd walking among men, was never called by
the name, Immanuel.  If Christianity wished to claim this prophecy
for Jesus, it becomes at best a cut-and-paste prophecy... a second
class prophecy.   Not too convincing.

Egypt:

       After Jesus's birth in Bethlehem, Matthew tells about a
quick (and elsewhere unmentioned) excursion to Egypt, as if he
wishes to liken Jesus to Moses.  This was done to escape an
alleged infanticidal rampage of the king, Herod.

       [Mt 2.15]  ...and remained there until the death of
       Herod.  This was to fulfil what the lord had spoken:
       "Out of Egypt I have cal-led my son."


What the lord really said was this.

       [Hosea 11.1]  When Israel was a child, I loved him. 
       And, out of Egypt I called my son.  The more I called
       them (my people), the more they went from me; they
       kept sacrificing to the Ba'als, and kept burning
       incense to idols.

Matthew conveniently omits the rest of Hosea's oracle.  But, it
was indeed Israel that, once called out of Egypt, wanted to
return.  This is history.  Jesus is certainly not being spoken of
here.  And, if we are to draw some kind of parallel here, we wind
up with a Jesus that flees and resists G'd.   Again, this prophecy
is just not as convincing as Matthew probably had hoped.

Rachel Weeps:

        While Jesus is off vacationing in Egypt, Matthew says that
King Herod sought to kill him, and thus ordered the executions of
all young male children.  Matthew then writes,

       [Mt 2.17-18]   By this, that which was spoken by the
       prophet Jeremiah was fulfilled:

       "A voice was heard in Ramah, wailing and loud
       lamentation-- Rachel weeping for her children;
       she refused to be consoled, because they were
       no more."   

The reference is to a passage in Jeremiah 31.15, referring to the
carrying off of Israel into exile by Sargon (of Assyria) in 722
BCE.  Rachel, the ancestor of the major tribes of Israel, Ephraim,
and Manasseh, is said to weep for her descendants who are "no
more."  It is metaphorical, of course, since Rachel lived and dies
before the Hebrews were even in the Egyptian exile.
       It is interesting to note that it was Leah, not Rachel, who
was the ancestor of the Judeans (the land where Jesus and
Bethlehem were).  If anyone should do weeping for her "children,"
it is Leah.  The only connexion that Rachel has with Bethlehem is
that the legends have it that she was buried north of the city,
"on the way to Ephrath, (Bethlehem)."
       As for Herod and his infanticide, it is rather unlikely
that such an event actually occurred.  One never knows, but the
event is not mentioned or alluded to anywhere else in the Bible,
nor is it mentioned in any of the secular records of the time. 
Herod was particularly unliked in his reign, and many far less
evil deeds of Herod were carefully recorded.  This might be a
prime example of how events were added to Jesus's life to enhance
the message of the church's gospel.
       Because of the whole story's similarity to the tale of the
infant Moses in Egypt, it is highly likely that it is a device set
up by Matthew to add prophetic, yet artificial, approval of Jesus.
It is not surprising that Matthew conveniently neglects to mention
the rest of the Jeremiah quote.   The "children" the prophet
speaks of are not dead, but exiled in the Assyrian Empire.  G'd
comforts the weeping Rachel, saying that the children will be
returned-- he will gather them back together.  Of course, this
would not suit Matthew's purpose, as the children he speaks of are
dead for good.  Again, the "prophecy" Matthew sets up is not even
that, and to anyone who bothers to check it out, is not too
convincing.

The Nazarene:

       We do not even have to go to the next chapter to find
another Matthean prophecy.  After leaving Egypt, Joseph & wife
take the infant Jesus to live in the city of Nazareth, 

       [Mt 2.23]  ...that what was spoken of by the prophets
       might be fulfilled, "He shall be called a Nazarene."

First thing we notice is that Matthew does not mention the name of
the prophet(s) this time.  Second, we have to ask who "He" is. 
There are no Messianic prophecies speaking of a Nazarene.  Worse,
there are no prophecies, period, mentioning a Nazarene.  Still
worse, there are no Nazarenes mentioned in the Old Testament at
all.  In the book of Judges, an angel tells Samson's mother that
she will,

       [Judges 13.5]  "...conceive and bear a son.  No razor
       shall tough his head, for he will be a Nazirite to his
       god from the day of his birth.  He will deliver Israel
       from the hands of the Philistines."

This is of course not a prophecy of Jesus, or the messiah of G'd. 
But, it is the best that can be found.  Obviously, Matthew has
begun to go overboard in cut-and-paste prophecies, in that he is
simple making them up now.

Bearing our
Diseases:

       Jesus next goes around healing people of physical illnesses
and disabilities.

       [Mt 8.17]   This was to fulfil what was spoken by the
       prophet Isaiah, "He took our infirmities and bore our
       diseases."

As expected, the verse quoted in Isaiah is quoted out of context,
and a few words are skewed to fit the Christian scheme.  We have,

       [Is 53.4]  Surely he, [the suffering servant], has
       borne our sickness, and carried our pains.

From a reading of the surrounding passages in Isaiah, we know that
the prophet is speaking in present tense of the collective nation
of Israel, Jehovah's chosen servant and people.  He speaks to the
Israelites suffering in exile, in the voice of the gentile nations
that look upon it.  This image is deeply ingrained in Jewish
identity --an image of a chastised, yet cherished, Israel as the
instrument of the nations' salvation by G'd.
      The verses speak of Israel taking on the sicknesses which
are the literal and metaphorical manifestations of guilt and
discipline.  They do not speak of a "servant" going around and
healing people.  Notice that the servant in Isaiah takes on the
sicknesses and pains of the nations (and individual Jews).  Jesus,
as we all know, did not take the diseases onto himself.  The
verses here in Isaiah are not a prophecy of something to come, but
rather something that had already happened.  While it is believed
that Jesus took on the eternal punishment of hell, he did not bear
the illnesses he healed.  So, while someone might want to say
that, figuratively, Jesus reenacted the deeds of Israel in his
spiritual atonement, he has to admit that Matthew's parallel
misses where he intended it to have its effect.


Silent Messiah:

      Upon healing multitudes of commoners, it is said that Jesus
ordered them to keep quiet, presumable so that he wouldn't arouse
the attention of the local rulers.

       [Mt 12.15-21]  This was to fulfill what was spoken by
       the prophet Isaiah.   

       "Behold my servant whom I have chosen, my beloved,
       with whom my soul is pleased.  I will put my spirit on
       him, and he will announce justice to the Gentiles.  He
       will not wrangle or cry aloud, nor will anyone hear
       his voice in the streets.  He will not break a bruised
       reed or quench a smoldering wick until he brings
       justice to victory, and the gentiles will hope in his
       name."

The Isaiah passage quoted reads,

       [Is 42.1-4]  Behold my servant whom I uphold, my
       chosen, in whom my soul delights.  I have put my
       spirit on him, and he will bring forth justice to the
       nations.  We will not cry or lift up his voice, or
       make it heard in the street.  He will not break a
       bruised reed, or quench a smoldering wick.  He will
       faithfully bring forth justice.  He will not fail
       (burn dimly) or be discouraged (bruised) until he has
       established justice in the earth.  And the coastlands
       await his law.

You see, Matthew has conveniently left out part of the passage,
because it does not suit the dealings of Jesus.  Christians could
never think of Jesus failing, never would the "light" of mankind
burn dimly.  But, the servant nation of Israel will indeed come to
an end when its job is done.  When the gentiles come to embrace
G'd there will no longer be a chosen people, but rather all will
be the children of G'd.  Also, the ending phrase has been changed
from the Judaic "...the coastlands await his law." to the
Christologic, "the Gentiles will hope in his name."   While the
original proclaims the Torah law of Jehovah, the other rewrites it
to fit its strange doctrine of "believing in the name."  If one
has any doubt the servant referred to is not Jesus, one has only
to read the whole chapter, Isaiah 42, and hear about the beloved
but blind and imperfect servant, "a people robbed and
plundered..."   So, we see that when Matthew's attempt at
"prophecy" is examined, it crumbles.

Three Days and
Three Nights:

      Now we come upon a prophecy supposedly uttered by the very
mouth of the god Jesus himself.  He speaks of his crucifixion and
resurrection.

       [Mt 12.40]   For as Jonah was in the belly of the
       whale for three days and three nights, so will the Son
       of Man be in the heart of the earth three days and
       three nights.

Before any further discussion can occur, it is necessary to know
how the Jews understood days.  As far as day names went, each was
24 hours long, lasting from sunset 6pm to the following sunset
6pm.  What was referred to as a "day" was the period of light from
6am to the ending sunset at 6pm.  Thus, according to our time
scale, a sabbath day began at 6pm Friday evening, and lasted until
6pm saturday evening.  This is why the Jews celebrate their
sabbath on the daylight portion of Saturdays, instead of Sundays. 
(It seems like a real miracle that Christians didn't forget that
Saturday was indeed the seventh and last day of the week!)  Thus,
when days and nights are referred to together, 12 hour daylight
portions and 12 hour night periods are being spoken of.  Thus,
Jesus says that he will be in the grave, or in hell, or otherwise
unresurrected for three days and three nights.

      As the good book tells us, Jesus was crucified on the "ninth
hour," which is 3pm, Friday afternoon.  He then was put into the
grave sometime after that.  Then, Jesus left the grave, "rose,"
before dawn of what we call Sunday (The dawn after the sabbath was
over).  What this means is that Jesus was, using our time for
clarity, in the grave from 6pm Friday night to some time before
6am Sunday morning.  We could also add a little time before 6pm
Friday, since the bible is not specific here.  What this means
using Jewish time is that he was in the grave for one day, two
nights, and possibly a couple of hours of one day.  Certainly this
is a problem for Jesus prediction.  There is absolutely no way we
are even able to have his death involve three days and three
nights --even using modern time measurements.   We then are led to
suspect that this error is another one of Matthew's little
mistakes, and that the gospel writer put false words into his
god's mouth.   And no matter who made the prediction, it is more
than unconvincing... it is counter-convincing.

Hearing &
Understanding:

     Jesus tool on a habit of speaking to his vast audiences in
parables-- stories in which a deeper meaning could be found, if
you were already one of the elect, those chosen to understand the
message of Jesus.  He reasons that those who can understand the
parables are the ones he wants.  If the people cannot understand
them, there is no need to bother with them, since they will not
accept the "plain" message any better.  Matthew says,

       [Mt 13.14-16]  With them [the audience] indeed in
       fulfilled the prophecy of Isaiah which says, 

       "You will indeed hear but never understand; and you
       will indeed see, but never perceive.  Because this
       people's heart has grown dull, their ears are heavy of
       hearing, and they have shut their eyes so the they
       would not perceive with them, her with their ears, and
       understand with their heart, and turn for me to heal
       them."

The original Isaiah passages are part of his earlier works, his
call to the ministry.  This is in 740 BCE, when Israel is
flourishing, right before it falls under the authority of Assyria. 
Isaiah sees the good times ending, and also a vision from G'd,
calling him to bring reform to Israel and Judah.

       [Is 6.9-13]  And G'd said, "Go, and say to this
       people, `Hear and hear, but do not understand; see and
       see, but do not perceive.'   Make the heart of this
       people fat, make their ears heavy, and shut their
       eyes, so they will not see with their eyes, or hear
       with their ears, and understand with their hearts, and
       turn and be healed."  Then Isaiah said, "How long,
       lord?"  And he said, "Until the cities lie waste
       without inhabitant, and houses without men, and the
       land is utterly desolate, and the G'ds take men far
       away, and forsaken places are many in the land.  And
       though a tenth will remain in it, it will be burned
       again, like a terebinth or an oak whose stump still
       stands when the tree is felled." The holy seed is its
       stump.

Here we see that it is really G'd who causes the people of Israel
to stop listening to the prophet's warnings, but reaffirms the
promise made to Solomon's (and David's) seed/lineage.  If you read
the rest of Isaiah, you find that this is done to fulfil the plan
of G'd to use Israel as a servant, a light to the nations.  (Look
at Isaiah 42.18-25, 48.20, 49.3)
     We see that Matthew has cut-and-pasted just a little portion
of Isaiah's verse, to suit his own gospel needs.  More than that,
he has altered the words, to make it fit the people who didn't
understand Jesus's stories.  And, as we see, Isaiah's verses are
not prophecies, but rather commands from G'd to him, in the
present.   Once again, Matthew's prophecy falls flat on its face. 

     Matthew tries again to make Jesus's parables look like they
have the prophetic approval.

       [Mt 13.35]  ...he said nothing to them without a
       parable.  This was to fulfil what was spoken of by the
       prophet, "I will open my mouth to them in parables.  I
       will utter that which has been hidden since the
       foundation of the world."

Matthew really botches up here.  He attempts to quote not from a
prophet, but from the Psalms.

       [Ps 78.2-4]  I will open my mouth in parable.  I will
       utter dark sayings of old, things that we all have
       heard and known, things that our fathers have told us. 
       We will not hide them from their children, but tell to
       the coming generation the glorious deeds of the
       lord...

As was pointed out, the verses in the Psalms do not really come
from a prophet.  You might also want to know that earlier copies
of Matthew's gospel even inserted Isaiah's name as this prophet. 
Apparently, later scribes caught the error and tried to cover some
of it up.
     Perhaps the most significant part of this is that, once
again, Matthew has altered the Old Testament Scriptures.  As Jesus
has said earlier, he speaks in parables so that some will not
understand them.  The parables in the Psalms are not to be hidden. 
Further, they speak of things "known, that our fathers have told
us."  Jesus deals with things "hidden since the foundation of the
world."  Indeed Jesus dealt in a lot of secrecy and confusion. 
This is in direct opposition to the parables in the Psalms.  No
wonder Matthew had to rewrite them!   And still once again,
Matthew's artificial prophecies fall flat on their face.  But,
Christians rarely look at this.  Matthew's prophecies aren't the
only things about Christianity that are beginning to look bad.


Excuses of
Little Faith:

       In Mt. 17.14-21, we see that the disciples are able to go
around casting out demons, except in one case.  Not knowing what
epilepsy was, the people thought those with the disease were
possesed with demons.  It is no wonder that the disciples were
unable to "dispossess" the epileptic.  But, Jesus, perhaps no more
enlightened than they, is reported to have rebuked them, saying
they didn't have enough faith.   This seems strange.  Why was this
demon special?  It seems that either a true believer has faith or
he does not.  Apparently, enough faith will allow someone to move
mountains.  Of course, you will find no one, these days that can
move real mountains.  No one parts seas.  The only miracles the
Charismatics can speak of are those rumoured to happen on trips to
Mexico or some faraway place.  Major miracles are making some old
woman's arthritis feel better on Sunday morning T.V.

       And the gods, including Jesus, are always shrouded in
ancient lore and writings, protected from the skeptics in their
sacred pasts.  They are either dead, sleeping, or hiding in
heaven, with people rumouring about their imminent return and
their great miracles of days long gone.  Yet, life goes on.  

     Tales of mystics, stories of miracles-- all in a distant time
or a distant place.  Gods used to reveal themselves to men in the
old days, Jehovah too.  But, now they are silent.  All the
theologians give are various excuses as to why we don't get to see
God anymore.

       We're too lazy; we're not zealous enough; we're
       sinful; it's just his "plan"; we put too many of our
       own demands on G'd's appearance; if we had the right
       faith, if we  were willing to meet G'd on his terms...

     Yet, even the most pious of men have not seen G'd.  You, dear
reader, have not seen G'd.  Not literally, you know that to be
true. (I know that's presumptuous and bold.  But, searching your
heart, you know what I mean.)  All that we've seen religions do is
make people feel good and content about not seeing G'd.  They say
our little faith does not merit us to see G'd.  Sometimes, they
say, "See the love in these people you worship with... see the
lives of people change... that is seeing G'd."   Thus people get
lulled to sleep, satisfied with turning G'd into the everyday
sights.   But, that is not seeing G'd as I am speaking of... it is
not seeing G'd the way people used to see.  
      What we see in the world that is good, is the compassion of
human hearts, the love given and taken by men and women, the
forgiveness practised by Christian & Atheist alike, beauty created
by the mind of man.  These are the things that are done; these are
what we see.  But, it is said this is so only because everybody
has little faith.

Jesus Rides on
an Ass:

       Shortly after accepting the role of the Jewish messiah
king, Jesus requests a donkey be brought in for him to ride into
Jerusalem.  

       [Mt 21.5]  This took place to fulfil what was spoken
       by the prophet, saying,

       Tell the daughter of Zion, "Behold, your king is
       coming to you, humble, mounted on an ass, and on a
       ass-colt."

Of course, the passage quoted from Zechariah 9.9 reads a little
differently.

       Lo, your king comes to you; he is triumphant and
       victorious, humble, and riding on an ass, on an ass-
       colt... he will command peace to the nations.

There isn't all that much difference here, except that Zechariah
only involves one animal  --an ass-colt--  while Matthew reads the
poetic wording slightly differently.  Thus, he has Jesus call for
both a colt and an adult ass.  From Matthew's version, we get a
comical picture of the divine Christ sweating it to straddle two
donkeys.  This could inevitably lead to a theological,
proctological dilemma!   We find that in the account written
earlier by St. Mark, only the colt was called for and brought to
Jesus.  This indeed fits the verses of Zechariah properly, and
shows us that in Matthew attempt to use prophetic verses, he has
bungled.  Now, excluding many respectable Christians I have met, I
have noticed that while Christ is thought to have ridden on asses,
the situation is often reversed nowadays...

       Then, entering the Jerusalem temple, the priests were
angered at people and youngsters calling Jesus the messiah.  But,
Jesus replied as we might expect Matthew to have done,

       [Mt 21.16]  Haven't you read?  `Out of the mouth of
       babes and sucklings thou has brought perfect praise.'

It is more likely that Matthew made this response up since Jesus
was never one to point out such little "prophetic" things AND
since, as we might expect, the quote is in error, which seems to
fit Matthew's track record quite well.  We might ask Jesus or
Matthew, "Haven't you read?" for the source reads,

       [Psalms 8.1-2]  O YaHWeH our lord, how majestic is
       your name in the whole world!   You, whose glory is
       chanted above the heavens by babes and infants, you
       have founded a bulwark against your foes to still the
       enemy and the avenger.

The passages hardly need comment.  There is no "perfect praise"
spoken of in the psalm, and what praise is there is given to G'd,
not his messiah king, and not Jesus.  As mentioned, it seems to be
just one more case of Matthew's pen making up convenient prophetic
scripture.

YHVH said to 
my lord...:

      Jesus is said to have asked from whom the promised Jewish
messiah-king is to be descended.  The Jews agree-- it is king
David.  But, then Jesus counters by quoting Psalms 110,

       "The LORD said to my Lord, sit at my right hand, until
       I put your enemies under your feet."

Taken at face value, Jesus is denying the necessity of Davidic
descent.  One assumes he is in opposition to their answer.  Of
course, the Christian answer is that he agrees, but is trying to
make some hidden point, to reveal some mystery about the divine
nature of the messiah-king.  It's tempting to believe this, if one
is a Christian and not interested in matters of investigation. 
But, there are problems.
       In Jesus's time, the psalm was thought to be about the
messiah.  And, it is easy to see why David might refer to the
messiah as his superior.  We need only look at the scriptures
about the messiah to see that he is expected to be a great king,
bringing the Jews to times even better than those under David's
rule.  Of course, the Jews listening had no good answer, and the
passage could indeed refer to a divine messiah, such as the
Christians worship.  The problem lies in the meaning of this
psalm, an error that apparently several Jews of Jesus's time had
also made.  One must remember that there were various factions
among the Jews, often as a result of different expectations of the
messiah-king.  Jesus was apparently one of these adventists, like
his audience, who thought the messiah's advent was imminent, and
who interpreted Psalms 110, among others, as being messianic.
What is the problem, then?  Psalm 110 literally reads,

       YHVH's utterance to my lord:
	"Sit at my right hand, until I make your enemies your
       footstool."

       YHVH sends forth your mighty scepter from Zion.  Rule
       in the midst of your foes!  Your people will offer
       themselves freely on the day you lead your host on the
       holy mountains.  

       "You are a priest of the order of Melchizedek
       forever."

The word "lord" is often mistakenly capitalised by Christian
bibles to denote divinity in this lord.  But, in the Hebrew, the
word is "adoni," and no capitalisation exists.  Adoni simply means
"lord," a generic term as we would use it.  It is used often in
the scriptures to refer to kings and to G'd.  It is merely an
address of respect.  
      There is nothing in the text itself to imply that the word
refers either to divinity or to the messiah-king.  That this is
supposed to be written by David is not certain.  The title of the
psalm translates to either "a psalm of David," or "a psalm about
David."  It seems fitting to assume it to be written by a court
poet, about David's covenant and endorsement from G'd.  If the
psalm had been written by David, it is unlikely that he would be
talking about the messiah.  The idea of a perfect king, descended
from David, was not present in David's age.  We have extensive
tales of David's doings and sayings-- none of which include any
praises of a messiah.
     Many of the psalms show evidence of being written long after
David was dead, in times of the exile when G'd had put his show of
favour for David's kingdom on hold.  
     The description in the psalm fit David very well.  David was
promised by G'd a rise to power, victory over his enemies,
successful judgement among the nations he conquered.  He achieved
the priesthood common to Melchizedek in being a righteous king,
enabled to bless the people.   It all fits.
      We do not have to blame this problem on Matthew alone,
though.  Here, there is not artificial prophecy alluded to, though
his use of the scripture is rather questionable.  Still, this
event is common to the other gospels too.  So, we let Matthew off
a little more easily this time.  It is interesting to note,
though, how Matthew dresses up the event.  The earlier gospel of
Mark tells the tale with Jesus simply speaking to a crowd. 
Matthew has the Pharisees, who became the religious competition of
an infant Christianity, be the target of Jesus's question.  As we
might expect, Matthew writes that the event ends up by
embarrassing the Pharisees.  Such power is the pen.

Moses & Jesus,
Had it Together
All Along...:

       We leave the gospel story of Matthew momentarily to see a
pseudo-prophecy in John's gospel.  The gospel story of John
deserves special treatment, because it seems to be so far removed
from the real events of Jesus's career as told by even Matthew. 
But, for the moment, we will just look at one verse.  The early
church leaders founded a religion on the Jewish hopes of a messiah
king, and on an artificial extension of the original promises made
by G'd.  When constructing the history of Abraham, Moses wrote of
a promise of land and nationhood to the Jewish people.  While this
was accomplished eventually, under the rule of king David, the
Christians who came along later decided that they would claim the
fulfillment of the promise.  But, to do so, they expanded on the
promise, preaching about a heavenly kingdom.

       [John 8.56] (J.C. speaking) Your father, Abraham,
       rejoiced to see My day.  He say it and was glad.

It would be nice to tie in approval for Jesus from Abraham, but,
Abraham knew nothing of Jesus or a messiah, or anything Christian. 
I have tried, and failed to find any event in the Old Testament
which corresponds to John's little prophecy.  It is par for the
course to see St. John making up Old Testament backings, just like
his forerunner Matthew.  Many Christians know that their faith has
many of its foundations in such fraud, and it is surprising they
still cling to it.

The Potter's
Field:

      We are told that Jesus was betrayed while in Jerusalem by
one of his followers, Judas Iscariot.   Matthew writes,

       [Mt 27.5-10]  And throwing down the pieces of silver
       in the temple, [Judas] departed... But, the chief
       priests, taking the silver, said, "It isn't lawful for
       us to put it in the treasury, since it is blood
       money."  So they... bought a potter's field with it to
       bury strangers in... Then was fulfilled what was
       spoken by the prophet Jeremiah,

       "And they took the thirty pieces of silver, the price
       of him on whom a price had been set by some of the
       sons of Israel, and they gave them for the potter's
       field, as the lord directed me."

This prophecy is an utterly gross bastardisation of Old Testament
Scripture.  First, Matthew has made a mistake regarding the name
of the prophet.  It is Zechariah who utters the verses which
Matthew makes use of.

       [Zech. 11.12-13]  ...And they weighed out my wages,
       thirty shekels of silver.  Then YHVH said to me, "Cast
       them to the treasury," --the lordly price at which I
       was paid off by them.  So I took the thirty shekels of
       silver and cast them into the treasury in the house of
       YHVH.

First of all, the verses of Zechariah do not deal with a betrayer
of the messiah, or of G'd.  The deal with a shepherd, most likely
a priest, chosen to serve a function of presiding over the people
shortly before G'd would send Judah and Israel into conflict with
one another.  The word, "treasury," had been replaced by the King
James Scholars with "to the potter," precisely because this made
Matthew's quote fit better.  But, this is a blatant error.  The
correct translation of the Hebrew is indeed "treasury," which also
makes perfect sense in Zechariah's context, whereas "potter's
field" is totally unrelated.  Whether the mistranslation was
intentional or not seems to be beyond speculation.  However, given
Matthew's track record, one finds it hard to resist the notion of
intentional dishonesty.
      Of course, Matthew would have ample reason for altering the
text.  The thirty pieces of silver match Judas's situation, and if
as most Christians seem to be, the reader is willing to disregard
the contextual incongruity, Matthew might have another prophecy to
toss around.  However, the correct translation of Zechariah
directly contradicts the situation with Judas and the high
priests.  The high priests would not put the money in the
treasury.  The worthless shepherd of Zechariah does exactly the
opposite!  Of course, to the average Thursday-Night Bible student,
the "prophecy" as presented by Matthew would be taken at New
Testament face value.  To those, Matthew's work is convincing
enough.

Wine, Vinegar,
& Casting Lots:

      Then, Jesus is led away to be crucified.

       [Mt 27.34-35]  ...they gave him vinegar to drink,
       mingled with gall; but when he tasted it, he would not
       drink it.  And, when they had crucified him, they
       divided his garments among them by casting lots: that
       it might be fulfilled what was spoken by the prophet,

       "They parted my garments among them, and upon my
       vesture did they cast lots."

First of all, the vinegar offered to Jesus is actually common sour
wine, of the type that Roman soldiers drank regularly.  We find
that right before Jesus dies, the soldiers themselves give him
some to drink --not polluted with gall.

       [Jn 19.28-30]  Jesus... said, "I thirst."  A bowl of
       vinegar stood there, so they put a sponge full of the
       vinegar on hyssop and held it to his mouth.  When he
       had received the vinegar, he said, "It is finished;"

But, Matthew seems to be drawing on, not a passage from the
prophets, but one from the Psalms.

       [Ps 69.20-28]  I looked for pity, but there was none;
       and for comforters, but I found none.  They gave me
       poison for food (lit. they put gall in my meat), and
       for my thirst, they gave me vinegar to drink...  Add
       to them punishment upon punishment, may they have no
       acquittal from thee.  Let them be blotted out of the
       Book of the Living.

Of course, the sour wine offered to Jesus is done at his request
of drink.  This does indeed seem to be a show of pity.  The psalm
quoted is about David and his political and military enemies.  It
is not about the messiah or Jesus.  It is then not surprising that
we run into further problem when we see that the "Jesus" in the
psalm asks G'd for the damnation of the "crucifiers," whereas the
Jesus of the gospels says,

       [Lk 23.34]  Jesus said, "Father, forgive them, the
       don't know what they do!"

Further, Matthew misses with his attempt to create prophecy by
having gall (a bitter substance) put into Jesus's drink, not his
meat, as the psalm stipulates.

       With the "prophecy" of the vinegar faulty, we naturally
ask, "What of the casting of lots?"  This brings up the 22nd
Psalm, which deserves discussion all by itself.  Suffice it now to
say that the fact that Jesus's clothes were divided as told is no
great thing.  It turns out that this happened often to any felon
in those days.  As we will soon see, it is perhaps the least
erroneous passage of the psalm when applied to Jesus.  It does
indeed bring up the interesting question as to the quality of
Jesus's clothes.  For a man so removed from worldly possessions,
his ownership of clothes worthy of casting lots raises some
suspicions.

The 22nd Psalm:

      This psalm is attributed to David, as a lament of his
condition under the attack of his enemies.  It becomes a song of
praise to YHVH and of hope.  Taken out of context, parts of it
seem to fit the plight of Jesus at the crucifixion quite well.  We
will examine the primary passages.

       Verse 1-2:  My god, my god! why have you forsaken me?! 
       Why are you so far from helping me, far from the words
       of my groaning?  Oh, my god, I cry by day, but you
       don't answer, and by night, but find no rest.

Jesus is said to have cried the first sentence while on the cross. 
This suggests that the whole psalm is really about Jesus, rather
than king David.  Of course, the rest of the first stanza does not
fit as nicely to Jesus or his execution.  Jesus is not pictured as
complaining about the whole ordeal, he is supposed to be like "the
lamb led mute before its shearers."  Indeed, Jesus doesn't do much
groaning, even when on the cross.  He certainly does not cry by
both day and night on the cross.

       6-8:  But, I am a worm, and no man-- scorned by men... 
       All who see me mock at me.  They make faces and wag
       their heads;  "He committed his cause to YHVH.  So let
       him deliver him... for he delights in him."

This seems to fit Jesus's execution pretty well, with the
exception of the Holy messiah being called a worm.

       12-13:  Many bulls encompass me... they open their
       mouths widely at me like a ravening and roaring lion.

       16-18:  Yea, dogs are round about me, a company of
       evildoers encir-cle me, they have pierced my hands and
       feet.  I can see all my bones... They divide my
       garments among them, and cast lost for my raiment.

       19-21:  But you, YHVH, be not far away!  ...Deliver my
       soul from the sword, my life from the power of the
       dog!  Save me from the mouth of the lion, and my
       afflicted soul from the horns of the wild bull!

It would seem quite convincing, and I'm sure the early Christian
fathers who wrote of this prophecy thought so too.  Unfortunately,
this prophecy has a fatal flaw.  The words "have pierced" really
do not exist in the psalm.  The correct Hebrew translation is,

       16:  Yea, dogs are round about me, a company of
       evildoers encircles me, like the lion, they are at my
       hands and feet...

In Hebrew the phrase "like the lion" and a very rare verb form
which can mean "pierced" differ by one phonetic character.  The
word in the Hebrew text is literally, "like the lion" (ka'ari),
which makes sense in the context, and even further fits the animal
imagery employed by the psalm writer.  It is convenience that
would urge a Christian to change the word to "ka'aru."   But, to
add the needed (yet artificial) weight to the "prophecy" this is
just what the Christian translators have chosen to do.  While the
correct translation does not eliminate the psalm from referring to
Jesus, its absence does not say much for the honesty of the
translators.

       Apart from the erroneous verse 16, the psalm does not lend
itself to Jesus so easily.  Verse 20 speaks of the sufferer being
saved from a sword rather than a cross.  This naturally fits the
psalm's true subject, king David.  As a side note, we now know
that crucifixions did not pierce the hands, the palms, but rather
the forearms.  This doesn't say much in favour of the traditional
thought of a resurrected Jesus showing his disciples the scars on
his palms.  But then, facts aren't bound by our religious beliefs.

      Matthew escapes culpability this time, as he does not
attempt to draw many direct links between this psalm and his lord
Jesus.  But the psalm, like many others, was on the minds of all
the gospel writers when they compiled the stories and
interpretations of Jesus's life and death.  How much these
scriptures may have contributed to what actually got written down
is a question that has serious repercussions for Christian
theology.  It is easy to see, for those who are not faithful
fundamentalists, how some of the events in the New Testament might
have been "enhanced" by scribes such as the eager Matthew.  But,
it does less to speculate than to simply investigate scriptural
matters and prophetic claims.  So far, this has not said good
things for St. Matthew.

The reference to the piercing looks a lot like Jesus's
crucifixion.  John's gospel recount, written about 70 years after
the fact, tells us at Jesus's execution,

       [Jn 19.34,37]  But one of the soldiers pierced his
       side with a spear, and out came blood and water...
       these things took place that Scripture be fulfilled...
       "The will look on him whom they've pierced."

Of course, this is built on a passage taken blatantly out of
context.   Prophet Zechariah tells us how much of the nation of
Israel will split off from Jerusalem and Judah and go to war with
them.

       [Zc 12.7-10]  And YHVH will give victory to Judah...
       And on that day, I will seek to destroy the nations
       that come against Jerusalem (in Judah).  And I will
       pour a spirit of compassion and supplication... on
       Jerusalem so that when they look on him who they have
       pierced, they will mourn, and weep bitterly over him
       like you weep over a firstborn child.

John's attempt to make up prophecy is perhaps weaker that
Matthew's attempts.  Matthew, at least, usually excontexts more
than just one passage.  John's errors are grossly obvious and
blatant here.  It does not speak well for any of the gospel
writers, as it helps to show how the prophetic aspects of their
religion were founded.


Reckoned with
Transgressors:

       After his arrest, Jesus is quickly executed for claiming
the Jewish kingship, messiahship.   According to one version of
the gospel tale, Jesus gets executed along with two thieves.

       [Mk 15.27]  And with him they crucified two robbers,
       one on his right, one on his left.  And so the
       scripture was fulfilled which says,

       "He was reckoned with the transgressors."

Here, Mark is trying to link Jesus to a passage in Isaiah 53,
about the servant nation of Israel.  The passage is not about the
messiah, for if one reads the whole chapter of Isaiah 53, and its
surrounding chapters, one sees that the servant is a nation.  The
verses are also about what this servant has gone through in the
past, not a prediction of what is to come, in any event.  The
servant is thought of as a criminal.  This also happens to fit the
description of Jesus.  Had the passage really been about the
messiah, it still is not at all clear why executing Jesus between
two thieves would fulfill the "prophecy" in Isaiah.  Jesus would
more fittingly fulfill it with his whole ministry.  He was
considered a blasphemer and troublemaker all throughout his
career.   Locking onto a single event is a rather poor way to
steal prophecy, at least in this case, as we see that Mark could
have had made a better analogy with general comparisons.

       Mark goes on to tell us how "those who were crucified with
[Jesus] also reviled him." [15.32]  This is to be expected from a
couple of robbers.  Of course in his later recount, St. Luke
decides to change some things.  Luke tells us,

       [Lk 23.39-43]  And one of the criminals who was hanged
       with him railed, "Aren't you the messiah?! Save
       yourself, and us!"

This certainly fits with Mark's recount, which tells how the
people who crucified Jesus said, "Save yourself!" and that the
robbers did the same.  But then Luke goes on,

       But the other [criminal] rebuked [the first] saying,
       "Don't you fear G'd, since you are under the same
       sentence of condemnation?  And we, indeed justly so,
       for we are receiving the due reward for our deeds. 
       But, this man has done nothing wrong. And he said,
       "Jesus, remember me when you come in your kingdom." 
       And Jesus answered, "Verily I say to you, today you
       will be with me in paradise."

Now, this little dialogue seems highly contrived.  It stretches
the imagination a bit to see this picture of one ruffian rebuking
his fellow criminal with such eloquent speech.  We have a rather
strange picture of a criminal lamenting over the goodness of his
punishment and the justness of his suffering.   Such a man,
apparently noble and of principle, doesn't seem likely to have
been a robber.  We wonder at the amount of theatrics created by
Luke.  Of course, Luke's recount also disagrees with Mark's.  
Luke has only one criminal revile Jesus, not both.  It is easy
enough to discount the discrepancy because the account was made
up, but those who wish to believe it is all part of the error free
words of G'd do not have this avenue open.  This is yet another
example of a writer trying to take an Old Testament passage and
expand it and reinterpret it to suit his theology.  In this case,
the embroidery creates some embarrassing problems, as we have
seen.

The End of the
World--
       Mt. 24:

       Now comes perhaps one of the most extraordinary and
embarrassing passages in the New Testament.  It is found in all
three of the synoptic gospel stories, and casts some of the most
unfavourable doubt on the whole theory of Christianity.  Jesus
mentions the destruction of the Jewish temples and buildings, and
his disciples ask him about this, and about the end of the world
which he has been warning about.

       The disciples: Tell us, when will this [the temple's
       destruction] be, and what will be the sign of your
       coming, and of the close of the age?

       Jesus: Take care that no one leads you astray, for
       many will come in my name, saying, "I am the christ."  
       ...you will hear of wars and rumours of wars... for
       this must take place, but the end is not yet.   For,
       nation will rise against nation... all this is but the
       beginning of the birthpangs.
             They will deliver you up... put you to death,
       and false prophets will arise and lead many astray.
       ...But he who endures to the end will be saved.  This
       gospel will be preached throughout the whole world, a
       testimony to the nations, and then the end will come.
             So, when you see the desolation spoken of by the
       prophet Daniel, ...let those who are in Judea flee to
       the mountains.

             Immediately after the tribulation of those days,
       the sun will be darkened... the stars will fall from
       heaven... then will appear the sign of the Son of Man
       in heaven, and all the tribes of the earth will mourn,
       and see the Son of Man coming... and he will send out
       his angels... and gather his elect...
             Learn the lesson of the fig tree: as soon as its
       branch becomes tender and puts forth leaves, you know
       that summer is near.  So also, when you see all these
       things, you will know that He is near, at the very
       gate.  Truly I say to you, this generation will not
       pass away until all these things take place...
             But, of the day and hour, no one knows; not the
       angels, not the Son, but only the Father... Therefore,
       you also must be ready, for the Son of Man is coming
       at an hour you do not expect.

From this, it is clear that Jesus thought the world would in
within the lifetimes of at least some of his disciples.  He tells
them that although he doesn't know the exact day or hour, that it
will come, and thus they must be ready.  Theologians have wet
their pants in panic to find some way out of this Holy Error. 
But, unfortunately, Jesus made himself to explicit.  He told his
disciples that their generation would still be around at the End,
and that they in particular should prepare for it, prepare to be
swept away.
      There have been some who resorted to removing the inerrant
nature of the Bible, and said that the phrase, "this generation
shall not pass away..." really means "this race of people will not
pass away..."  Of course, the word for generation is used many
times to refer to exactly that, the generation of the disciples. 
It is an interesting notion that when God decided to learn Greek,
he didn't learn it well enough to make himself clear.  But. it is
quite obvious from the rest of the dialogue that the disciples (at
least some of them) are supposed to live to the End of the World. 
The charge of mistranslation is completely blown away by looking
at the Apostles' responses.  It becomes abundantly clear from
Rev. 22.7, 1 Peter 4.7, 1 John 2.18, and Rev. 22.20, that Jesus
meant exactly what he said.  The End was very near.

       For 2,000 years, Christians have rationalised this 24th
chapter of Matthew, or ignored its meaning altogether.  For 2,000
years, they have waited for their executed leader to come back,
hearing of wars, and rumours of wars, sure that He is coming soon. 
Surely He must be.  All we must do is wait.  Can you imagine how
tired He must be, sitting around up there, being holy, waiting for
just the right moment to spring?


       So, shortly after his crucifixion, Jesus of Nazareth,
(Joshua-ben-Joseph), died.   It is said that after three days, or
three days and three nights, or three periods of time, or three
eternal seconds --or three of whatever they can decide makes for
less trouble-- he was seen again, resurrected, glowing with divine
radiance.  Then the Saviour decided it wasn't in the best
interests of his new religion to stick around, and therefore
disappeared from sight into heaven.  So the story goes, anyway. 
As has been seen, there were many things attributed to Jesus when
people got around to writing the gospel stories down.  To them,
Jesus was the fulfiller of all prophecy and scripture.  We have
seen, though, that this matter is quite shaky.  But, throughout
Church history, Christians have held fast to faith, in simple
belief.  What doctrinal objections could not be solved with
argumentation or brute force, faith and forgetfulness kept away
from question.  To question and investigate has never been the
easiest way to treat matters.  Thus for 2,000 years, the
prophecies cited in the New Testament have gone on largely
accepted.  Things may well continue that way for some time. 
Pausing a moment to consider the way the doctrines of Christianity
have been accepted and used (properly or improperly) to support
wars and persecution, I suppose there is one prophecy of which
Christianity can securely keep hold.

       [Mt 10.34]  Jesus: "Don't think that I have come to
       bring peace on earth.  I haven't come to bring peace,
       but rather a sword."




Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53521
From: cbrasted@physics.adelaide.edu.au (Charles Brasted)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
>makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
>lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
>writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
>in the process he became a Christian himself.

I assume you are posting to encourage comments - how much history has
Tony Campello read?  Not much it seems. 

>	The arguements he uses I am summing up.  The book is about whether 
>Jesus was God or not.  I know many of you don't believe, but listen to a 
>different perspective for we all have something to gain by listening to what 
>others have to say.  

It is good to hear that there are a few reasonable Christians about.
If only those christian "scientists" would take note.

(In Australia there is a very strong movement, a bunch of christian 
scientists who believe that every single event in the bible is exactly
true, and that there is a rational explanation for it all that can be justified
by using the laws of physics.  For example, there are a few chaps who are 
trying to prove that the age of the universe is 6000 years old, and that the
error in conventional calculations is the result of the fact that the speed 
light has been rapidly decaying over the years, and this has not been 
accounted for. :-] )

>	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.

Or (of course), that he never existed, and the bible was a story, and was never 
intended to become a manifesto for a billion people.  Did Tony follow that one
up?

>	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
>die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 
>gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
>someone who was or had been healed.  

Millions of people have "died for a lie".  This  point is difficult to 
substantiate since it is not well defined (a great many religious arguments
work in that way), but consider the many Aztec warriors who sacrificed 
themselves to their gods in the belief that this act would bring them victory
of the Spanish invaders.  The list is endless.  The Aztecs lost, BTW.

>Call me a fool, but I believe he did heal people.
  
That is perfectly reasonable, but it is not grounds for me (or anyone)
to become a christian.  More to the point, it does not add weight to
the claim that Jesus was the "real thing".


>	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
>to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
>anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
>this right away.

Have you ever seen a documentary about the rise of Nazi Germany?  More to the
point, did Tony mention this?  One could hardly call Werner Heisenberg and his
many colleagues  fools, or  illogical men, their support of Hitler was based 
(I presume) upon an emotional issue rather than a rational agreement with 
his principles.  Obviously my argument is invalid if Tony thought that Hitler
was sane....

 

>	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
>real thing.  

Hmmm.... I don't think his arguments warrant the use of a "Therefore..."

>	Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
>the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.  This in his betrayal 
>and Crucifixion.  I don't have my Bible with me at this moment, next time I 
>write I will use it.

This is (unfortunately) what alot of religious discussions I have had with
people result in - quoting the bible.  The only reasonable way I think
people can look at the bible is to treat the stories as some sort of
metaphorical representation of the messages that the authors were trying to
present.  If someone tries to interpret parts of the bible literally, he or
she will end up in all sorts of shit.   

Tony's argument would be perfectly reasonable for people who believe
the events described in the bible took place, but to convince someone, 
who thinks the bible is total fiction, that Jesus is real by quoting the
book is totally pointless.  For example, in mathematics you cannot say "a is
equal to b because a is equal to b".

  

>	I don't think most people understand what a Christian is.  

That would possibly explain why there have so many people being killed 
in religious wars, and why there are hundreds of different versions all
claiming to be correct.  

It 
>is certainly not what I see a lot in churches.  Rather I think it 
>should be a way of life, and a total sacrafice of everything for God's 
>sake.  He loved us enough to die and save us so we should do the 
>same.  Hey we can't do it, God himself inspires us to turn our lives 
>over to him.  That's tuff and most people don't want to do it, to be a 
>real Christian would be something for the strong to persevere at.  But 
>just like weight lifting or guitar playing, drums, whatever it takes 
>time.  We don't rush it in one day, Christianity is your whole life.  
>It is not going to church once a week, or helping poor people once in 
>a while.  We box everything into time units.  Such as work at this 
>time, sports, Tv, social life.  God is above these boxes and should be 
>carried with us into all these boxes that we have created for 
>ourselves.  	  

I think if you posted this part to alt.religion you would get more flames
than here :-).  I have never really understood why the emotional sentiments
of a stranger should be of interest to other people. 

Someone famous said that there two evils in life, polititians and churchs, one
rules by fear of the living, the other by fear of the dead.  If I am pressed I
could probably find the exact quotation.

Cheers,
Charles.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53522
From: Steve_Mullins@vos.stratus.com
Subject: Re: Bible Quiz


In article <1993Apr16.130430.1@ccsua.ctstateu.edu> kellyb@ccsua.ctstateu.edu wrote: 
>In article <kmr4.1563.734805744@po.CWRU.edu>, kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>>    Only when the Sun starts to orbit the Earth will I accept the Bible. 
>> 
>     Since when does atheism mean trashing other religions?There must be a God
                                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>     of inbreeding to which you are his only son.


a) I think that he has a rather witty .sig file.  It sums up a great
   deal of atheistic thought (IMO) in one simple sentence.
b) Atheism isn't an "other religion".


sm
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Steve_Mullins@vos.stratus.com    () "If a man empties his purse into his
My opinions <> Stratus' opinions ()   head, no one can take it from him
------------------------------   ()   ---------------Benjamin Franklin

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53523
From: vdp@mayo.edu (Vinayak Dutt)
Subject: Re:  Islam And Scientific Predictions (was

In article H9r@ra.nrl.navy.mil,  khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil (Umar Khan) writes:
##I strongly suggest that you look up a book called THE BIBLE, THE QURAN, AND
##SCIENCE by Maurice Baucaille, a French surgeon.  It is not comprehensive,
##but, it is well researched.  I imagine your library has it or can get it
##for you through interlibrary loan.
##

  I shall try to get hold of it (when I have time to read of course :-)

##In short, Dr Baucaille began investigating the Bible because of pre-
##ceived scientific inaccuracies and inconsistencies.  He assumed that
##some of the problems may have been caused by poor translations in by-
##gone days.  So, he read what he could find in Hebrew, Greek, Aramaic.
##What he found was that the problems didn't go away, they got worse.
##Then, he decided to see if other religions had the same problems.
##So, he picked up the Holy Qur'an (in French) and found similar prob-
##lems, but not as many.  SO, he applied the same logoic as he had
##with the Bible: he learned to read it in Arabic.  The problems he
##had found with the French version went away in Arabic.  He was unable
##to find a wealth of scientific statements in the Holy Qur'an, but,
##what he did find made sense with modern understanding.  So, he
##investigated the Traditions (the hadith) to see what they had to
##say about science.  they were filled with science problems; after
##all, they were contemporary narratives from a time which had, by
##pour standards, a primitive world view.  His conclusion was that,
##while he was impressed that what little the Holy Qur'an had to
##say about science was accurate, he was far more impressed that the
##Holy Qur'an did not contain the same rampant errors evidenced in
##the Traditions.  How would a man of 7th Century Arabia have known
##what *not to include* in the Holy Qur'an (assuming he had authored
##it)?  
##

    So in short the writer (or writers) of Quran decided to stay away from
science.  (if you do not open your mouth, then you don't put you foot into
your mouth either). 

   But then if you say Quran does not talk much about science, then one can
not make claims (like Bobby does) that you have great science in Quran.

   Basically I want to say that *none* of the religious texts are supposed to
be scientific treatises. So I am just requesting the theists to stop making
such wild claims.

--- Vinayak
-------------------------------------------------------
                                           vinayak dutt
                                   e-mail: vdp@mayo.edu

             standard disclaimers apply
-------------------------------------------------------



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53524
From: b711zbr@utarlg.uta.edu (JUNYAN WANG)
Subject: Bible contradictions

I would like a list of Bible contadictions from those of you who dispite
being free from Christianity are well versed in the Bible.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53525
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <C5L1Ey.Jts@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>In <11825@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>
>
>>  Actually, my atheism is based on ignorance.  Ignorance of the
>>  existence of any god.  Don't fall into the "atheists don't believe
>>  because of their pride" mistake.
>
>How do you know it's based on ignorance, couldn't that be wrong? Why would it
>be wrong 
>to fall into the trap that you mentioned? 
>

  If I'm wrong, god is free at any time to correct my mistake.  That
  he continues not to do so, while supposedly proclaiming his
  undying love for my eternal soul, speaks volumes.

  As for the trap, you are not in a position to tell me that I don't
  believe in god because I do not wish to.  Unless you can know my
  motivations better than I do myself, you should believe me when I
  say that I earnestly searched for god for years and never found
  him.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53526
From: william.vaughan@uuserv.cc.utah.edu (WILLIAM DANIEL VAUGHAN)
Subject: Re: A silly question on x-tianity

In article <pww-120493020107@spac-at1-59.rice.edu> pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker) writes:
>From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
>Subject: Re: A silly question on x-tianity
>Date: Mon, 12 Apr 1993 07:06:33 GMT
>In article <1qaqi1INNgje@gap.caltech.edu>, werdna@cco.caltech.edu (Andrew
>Tong) wrote:
>> 

so what

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53527
From: L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was

Umar Khan (khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil) wrote:
>I strongly suggest that you look up a book called THE BIBLE, THE QURAN, AND
>SCIENCE by Maurice Baucaille, a French surgeon.  It is not comprehensive,

>  He was unable
>to find a wealth of scientific statements in the Holy Qur'an, but,
>what he did find made sense with modern understanding.  So, he
>investigated the Traditions (the hadith) to see what they had to
>say about science.  they were filled with science problems; after
>all, they were contemporary narratives from a time which had, by
>pour standards, a primitive world view.  His conclusion was that,
>while he was impressed that what little the Holy Qur'an had to
>say about science was accurate, he was far more impressed that the
>Holy Qur'an did not contain the same rampant errors evidenced in
>the Traditions.  How would a man of 7th Century Arabia have known
>what *not to include* in the Holy Qur'an (assuming he had authored
>it)?  

This book is worth a read to get a sensible view of this issue.


The book is in two sections.  Section 1 contains a fairly reasonable
analysis of the Bible, showing many inconsistencies between the Bible
and modern science.  Well we all know that, no surprises.

Section 2 analyses the Koran's version of the Old Testament stories,
and seems, on the face of it, to present a good case showing the Koran
is consistent with modern science.  However, it was plain to me, that
this consistency was only possible by the vague phraseology of the
Koran.  Take the flood, for example, the bible is full of detail,
("forty days and forty nights", "pair of every animal", etc.), we all
know this is nonsense.  The Koran's description of the same event is
so obscure as to make possible an interpretation such as "A big river 
flooded for a few days and caused much damage".  Yes, no contradiction
but also not much fact.

The Koran might be consistent with modern science, but being
consistent due to its vagueness compared with other books of that
time, does not seem much of an achievement.

The book concludes by saying something like, the Koran must have had
divine inspiration because at the time it was written there were a lot
of (to us now) ridiculous ideas about the universe, and none of them
can be found in the Koran!  Arguing for the greatness of a book by
talking about what it does not contain seems absurd in the extreme.

The above is, of course, from memory so I may have missed some points.



-- 

Leonard               e-mail:  L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53528
From: ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill Ray)
Subject: Re: The Bible and Abortion

James J. Lippard (lippard@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu) wrote:
: Exodus 21:22-25:

:        22 And if men struggle with each other and strike a woman with
:           child so that she has a miscarriage, yet there is no further
:           injury, he shall surely be fined as the woman's husband may
:           demand of him; and he shall pay as the judges decide.
:        23 But if there is any further injury, then you shall appoint
:           as a penalty life for life,
:        24 eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot,
:        25 burn for burn, wound for wound, bruise for bruise.

: The most straightforward interpretation of these verses is that if
: men in a fight strike a woman and cause her to miscarry, the penalty
: is only a fine.  If, however, the woman is injured or dies, the
: *lex talionis* doctrine of "an eye for an eye" applies.  This is the
: Jewish interpretation, and is supported by Jewish commentaries on
: these verses.
:    This is quite an embarrassment for pro-lifer Christians, so there is
: of course an alternate explanation.  The alternative interprets the
: word "miscarriage" to mean "premature birth"--i.e., the child is born
: alive--and "further injury" to mean injury to either the woman or
: the fetus.  This is not a straightforward interpretation, it is not
: (so far as I know) supported by any Jewish commentaries, and it does
: not appeared to be supported by any other part of the Bible.

What if any, historical reference do we have to abortion at this time?  Did
the ancient Jew have appropriate reference to understand abortion? (I am
truly asking, not making a point veiled as a question).  If there is 
little understanding of the medical procedure we know as abortion, it is
not surprising the Bible makes little reference to it, as it makes little
reference to nuclear power and contamination.

While your interpretation is a reasonable one, I see no reason to reject
the other out of hand.  The King Jimmy translation says "if there is no
further mischief."  This does not necessarily imply to the woman.  I know
if my wife we expecting and someone cause her to spontaneously abort, we
would feel that a life was truly taken, not simply a process halted.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53529
From: <JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53531
From:  ()
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <115561@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) wrote:

>Khomeini advocates the view that
> there was a series of twelve Islamic leaders (the Twelve Imams) who
> are free of error or sin. This makes him a heretic.
> 

Wow, you're quicker to point out heresy than the Church in the
Middle ages. Seriously though, even the Sheiks at Al-Azhar don't
claim that the Shi'ites are heretics. Most of the accusations
and fabrications about Shi'ites come out of Saudi Arabia from the
Wahabis. For that matter you should read the original works of
the Sunni Imams (Imams of the four madhabs). The teacher of
at least two of them was Imam Jafar Sadiq (the sixth Imam of the
Shi'ites). 

Although there is plenty of false propaganda floating around
about the Shi'ites (esp. since the revolution), there are also
many good works by Shi'ites which present the views and teachings
of their school. Why make assumptions and allegations (like
people in this group have done about Islam in general) about Shi'ites.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53532
From: simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale)
Subject: Re: note to Bobby M., again

In article <1993Apr13.213527.3706@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

> How about people who are not religous?  Take the inner city.  There are
> many people that care little for religion.  Lot of crime.  Lot of
> murder.  This is the other end- lack of religion- that allows wrong to
> happen.

I lived in Tokyo for a year and a half, and one of the many reasons why
I intend to go back indefinitely is the freedom one enjoys when one can
walk anywhere (and I mean *anywhere*) at any time of day or night and not
feel uneasy, even if one's from an ethnic minority as I was.

Clues for Bobby (why do I bother?): (i) Tokyo is a city, and inner Tokyo
is an inner city; (ii) there is a negligible level of violent crime, and
a street murder will be a lead item on *national* TV news; (iii) the
population is almost universally atheistic.

Next time I go for a stroll around Beirut at night, I'll let you know how
it compares.

> Bobby Mozumder

Cheers

Simon
-- 
Simon Clippingdale                simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk
Department of Computer Science    Tel (+44) 203 523296
University of Warwick             FAX (+44) 203 525714
Coventry CV4 7AL, U.K.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53533
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: ISLAM: a clearer view

In article <16BAFC876.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
>Subject: Re: ISLAM: a clearer view
>Date: Tue, 13 Apr 1993 13:15:18 GMT
>In article <healta.60.734567658@saturn.wwc.edu>
>healta@saturn.wwc.edu (TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
> 
>>>Sorry, it is generally accepted that the rise of the inquisition is
>>>the reason why torture was introduced outside the Romanic countries
>>>at the end of the Middle Ages. In other words, the Holy Mother Church
>>>which is lead infallibly by the Holy Ghost has spread it.
>>
>>The Roman Catholic Church claims to be lead by the "infallable" pope.
>>That's why she (the RC Church) has done so many wicked things to Xtians and
>>non-believers alike.
> 
> 
>The rationale that the pope speaking ex cathedra is infallible is based
>on the claim above. The dogma about the pope is of Jesuitic origin and
>has not been been accepted before the mid of the last century.
>   Benedikt

You're right.  Thanks for enlightening me.

Tammy

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53534
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Cannanite genocide in the Bible

excuse me for my ignorance. But I remember reading once that the 
Biblical tribe known as the Philistines still exists...they are the modern 
day Palestinians.
Anyone out there with more info, please post it!!!

Tammy

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53535
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: getting to the point!

To all a.a readers:
     I have been asked be several of you to post a list of the SDA Church's 
27 Fundamental beliefs.  I warn you now, it's a long list.  However, I'll 
post it on Sunday.  Sabbath is coming up soon so I won't be reading on 
Saturday.  And I don't have time to do it now.
     I would GREATLY appreciate it if you would keep me in touch with what's 
going on.
     I hope all of you have a reastful and relaxing weekend.  I hope it's 
the best one so far!!

Tammy


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53536
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Smullyanism for the day.....

In article <1r8tpi$4pu@dr-pepper.East.Sun.COM> geoff@East.Sun.COM (Geoff Arnold @ Sun BOS - R.H. coast near the top) writes:

>[This Raymond Smullyan quote is too big for a .sig, but deserves posting IMHO.]

	To big for a .sig? 

	No way!


	Keith " Home of the billdboard .sig files " Ryan

	=)

---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53537
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <1993Apr21.140649.5660@cs.nott.ac.uk>, kax@cs.nott.ac.uk (Kevin Anthoney) writes:
> In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>>
>>The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
>>But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
>>you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
>>love you. ...
> 
> There's a difference between believing in the existence of an entity,
> and loving that entity. God _could_ show me directly that he exists,
> and I'd still have a free choice about whether to love him or not. So
> why doesn't he?
> -- 
> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
> Kevin Anthoney                                         kax@cs.nott.ac.uk
>             Don't believe anything you read in .sig files.
> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- 
Kevin makes a good point here, and when that theists miss all-too-often.  That
is, the belief in a diety is not necessarily coupled with agreement/love of
that diety, so really they have yet another bit of convincing to do just beyond
belief.
I guess the standard argumet goes something like: well, once you believe in
God, you know God is love, and you will choose to love him-- if it wasnt so
widely accepted and asserted it'd be laughable...

best regards,

--Adam

================================================================================
| Adam John Cooper	|	"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings |
| (612) 696-7521	|	   who thought themselves good simply because  |
| acooper@macalstr.edu	|			they had no claws."	       |
================================================================================
| "Understand one another?  I fear I am beyond your comprehension." --Gandalf  |
================================================================================

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53538
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4963@eastman.UUCP>, dps@nasa.kodak.com (Dan Schaertel,,,) writes:
> In article 21627@ousrvr.oulu.fi, kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko) writes:
> |>Dan Schaertel,,, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) wrote:
> |>
> |>
> |>I love god just as much as she loves me. If she wants to seduce me,
> |>she'll know what to do. 
> |>
> 
> But if He/She did you would probably consider it rape.  

Probably because it IS rape.

> 
> |>: Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
> |>: that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
> |>: Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
> |>: the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
> |>: know more than you do now. 
> |>
> |>Your argument is of the type "you'll know once you try".
> |>Yet there are many atheists who have sincerely tried, and believed
> |>for many years, but were eventually honest enough to admit that 
> |>they had lived in a virtual reality.
> |>
> 
> Obviously there are many Christians who have tried and do believe. So .. ?

So nothing.  It may work for some, but not for others: it doesn't give any
insight into an overall God or overall truth of a religion- it would seem to be
dependent solely on the individual, as well as individually-created.  And since
Christians have failed to show us how there way of life is in any wy better
than ours, I do not see why the attempt to try it is necessary, or even
particularly attractive.

> 
> |>: To learn you must accept that which you don't know.
> |>
> |>What does this mean? To learn you must accept that you don't know 
> |>something, right-o. But to learn you must _accept_ something I don't
> |>know, why? This is not the way I prefer to learn. It is unwise to
> |>merely swallow everything you read. Suppose I write a book telling
> |>how the Great Invisible Pink Unicorn (tm) has helped me in my
> |>daily problems, would you accept this, since you can't know whether
> |>it is true or not?
> |>
> 
> No one asks you to swallow everything, in fact Jesus warns against it.   But let
> me ask you a question.  Do you beleive what you learn in history class, or for
> that matter anything in school.  I mean it's just what other people have told
> you and you don't want to swallow what others say. right ... ?

Well, we will nerver know for sure if we were told the truth or not, but at the
very least there is a bit more evidence pointing to the fact that, say, there
was a military conflict in Vietnam 25 years ago, then there is a supernatural
diety who wants us to live a certain way.  The fact that Jesus warned against
it means nothing.  *I* warn against it too.  Big deal.

> 
> The life , death, and resurection of Christ is documented historical fact.  

This is not true.  The first two choices here (life and death) are scantily
documented, and the last one is total malarky unless one uses the Bible, and
that is totally circular.  Perhaps it be better to use the imagination, or
one's ignorance.  Someone else will address this I'm sure, and refer you to
plenty of documentation...

>As much
> as anything else you learn.  How do you choose what to believe and what not to?
> I could argue that George Washington is a myth.  He never lived because I don't
> have any proof except what I am told.   However all the major events of the life
> of Jesus Christ were fortold hundreds of years before him.  Neat trick uh?

How is this?  There is nothing more disgusting than Christian attempts to
manipulate/interpret the Old Testament as being filled with signs for the
coming of Christ.  Every little reference to a stick or bit of wood is
autmoatically interpreted as the Cross.  What a miscarriage of philology.

> 
> There is no way to get into a sceptical heart.  You can not say you have given a 
> sincere effort with the attitude you seem to have.  You must TRUST, not just go 
> to church and participate in it's activities.  Were you ever willing to die for what
> you believed?  

Well, since we have skeptical hearts (thank goodness,) there is no way to get
into us.  Here we have the irreconcilable difference: Christians glorify
exactly what we tend to despise or snub: trust/belief/faith without knowledge. 
If I am lucky one day and I happen to be thinking of God at the same time my
enkephalins go up, then I may associate this as a sign of God (it will "feel"
right, and I will trust without knowing).  Maybe.  Religosity does not seem to
be anything that is conclusively arrived at, but rather it seems to be more of
a sudden affliction...
I believe many of us were willing to die for what we believed, many of us were
not.  The question is, is suchg an attitude reflective of a _correct_ or
healthy morality.  IT would seem not to be.  The same thing could reflect
fanaticism, for example, and is any case an expression of simple selfishness.
-- 

--Adam

================================================================================
| Adam John Cooper	|	"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings |
| (612) 696-7521	|	   who thought themselves good simply because  |
| acooper@macalstr.edu	|			they had no claws."	       |
================================================================================
| "Understand one another?  I fear I am beyond your comprehension." --Gandalf  |
================================================================================

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53539
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: From soc.religion.christian



I found this little gem, I don't know if anyone has any interest/comments...


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi everyone,
           I'm a commited Christian that is battling with a problem.  I know
that romans talks about how we are saved by our faith not our deeds, yet
hebrews and james say that faith without deeds is useless, saying' You fools,
do you still think that just believing is enough?'

Now if someone is fully believing but there life is totally lead by themselves
and not by God, according to Romans that person is still saved by there faith.
But then there is the bit which says that God preferes someone who is cold to
him (i.e. doesn't know him - condemned) so a lukewarm Christian someone who
knows and believes in God but doesn't make any attempt to live by the bible.

Now I am of the opinion that you a saved through faith alone (not what you do)
as taught in Romans, but how can I square up in my mind the teachings of James
in conjunction with the lukewarm Christian being 'spat-out'

Can anyone help me, this really bothers me.-- 

in Christ,

Will


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--Adam

================================================================================
| Adam John Cooper	|	"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings |
| (612) 696-7521	|	   who thought themselves good simply because  |
| acooper@macalstr.edu	|			they had no claws."	       |
================================================================================
| "Understand one another?  I fear I am beyond your comprehension." --Gandalf  |
================================================================================

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53540
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: College atheists

In article <1993Apr22.062438.9412@nuscc.nus.sg>, cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes:
> nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu (Nanci Ann Miller) writes:
> : nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye) writes:
> : > I read an article about a poll done of students at the Ivy League
> : > schools in which it was reported that a third of the students
> : > indentified themselves as atheists.  This is a lot higher than among the
> : > general population.  I wonder what the reasons for this discrepancy are?
> : > Is it because they are more intelligent?  Younger?  Is this the wave of
> : > the future?
> 
> What is the figure for the general population?  The last I heard, 25% of
> Americans believe in reincarnation.  Can somebody quote a stat?

I don't have a stat, but, unfortunately, I did read generally that both smoking
and belief in the supernatural (occultish garbage) is on the rise here.


> 
> : I would guess that it probably has something to do with the ease of which
> : ideas and thoughts are communicated on a college campus....
> : 
> : So, in a world where theists are forced to contend with and listen to
> : atheists and theists of other religions some are bound to have a change in
> : their beliefs over four years.  There is nowhere to run.... :-)
>  
> Funny.  In my country, it works the other way round.  Univ life is v. v.
> stressful for most people (remember, we're an Asian population) & Xtians
> like to prey on these people.  There is nowhere to run from them ...... :-<
> 

This is very interesting.  I thing the principle is sort of the same though:
all "philosophical" ideas are generally tried out and tested mostly during
college years.  Whether the idea is christian or atheist doesn't always matter.
But I'd like to say it's because atheists are more intelligent  :)


> --
> 
> The UnEnlightened One
> ------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
>                   | 
> Tan Chade Meng    | The wise man tells his wife that he understands her.
> Singapore         | 
> cmtan@iss.nus.sg  | The fool tries to prove it. 
>                   | 
> ------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
> 
-- 

regards,

--Adam

================================================================================
| Adam John Cooper	|	"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings |
| (612) 696-7521	|	   who thought themselves good simply because  |
| acooper@macalstr.edu	|			they had no claws."	       |
================================================================================
| "Understand one another?  I fear I am beyond your comprehension." --Gandalf  |
================================================================================

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53541
From: Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen)
Subject: some thoughts on Christian books...

DN> I think I took on this 'liar, lunatic, or the real thing'
DN> the last time. Or was it the time before?  Anyway, let
DN> somebody else have a turn.  I can't debate it with a
DN> straight face.  Or perhaps for something completely
DN> different we could just ridicule him or gather up all the
DN> posts from the last two times we did this and email them to
DN> him.  As an aside, can you believe that somebody actually
DN> got a book published about this?  Must have been a vanity
DN> press.

I would recomend to anyone out there to visit your local Christian bookstore
and become aware of the stuff they sell.	Quite
interesting.  Most of the stuff is far from intelectual.  (About the level of
Chick pamphelets...)  If it is a common fundie bookstore, it should have at
least one section about how you should hate Wiccans, Pagans, Catholics,
Mormons, rock musicians, and anyone else who is not as fanatical as them. 
(Hate for the "Love of God(tm)"!) It is even more interesting watching the
people who frequent such places.  Very scary people.  They hear voices from
"God" telling them whatever they want to hear.  (If they were not Christians,
most of them would be locked away.  Maybe this is why Federal money was
reduced to Mental institutions by the reagan administration...	Had to get
their religious leaders out...)

"Where would Christianity be if Jesus got eight to fifteen years, with time
off for good behavior?"
	 New York State Senator James H. Donovan on Capitol Punishment

                   Alan

- "Beware! To touch these wires is instant death! Anyone found doing
- this will be prosecuted!


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53543
From: wilsonr@logica.co.uk
Subject: Re: What it means to be human? (Was: PARSIFAL)

In article <1993Apr16.001326.15820@cs.ucla.edu>, Brad Pierce <pierce@cs.ucla.edu> writes:

>...
> The bedrock of "spiritual" unreason is the belief that resonant, yet

but theology is full of reason even if it is, as we believe, based on false
premises etc etc.

> ill-defined, terms, e.g., "spirit", "transcendental", "mind", "self",
> "consciousness", "ultimate reality", "soul", "elan vital", etc. have
> meaning. Sadly, adherents of "spiritual" movements are seldom satisfied

hold on there: no meaning to "consciousness" or "mind" or "self"?!

> with this harmless illogicality; they seem inexorably drawn to a belief

what illogicality?

> in "the primacy of the spiritual and transcendental over the material
> and empirical," i.e., the primacy of pipe dreams, jabberwocky and
> illusion over facts, science and reason.

since when is, for instance, (non-behaviourist) psychology a pipe dream? 
Surely the major purpose of the science of psychology is to understand the
workings of the mind.

> All creatures, all feelings, all thoughts, all perceptions, all
> processes and all phenomena are manifestations of the mundane, i.e.,
> matter, energy, space and time. Those who believe otherwise, albeit
> some do not supplicate "God", are not atheists.

"manifestations of the mundane" sounds rather transcendental to me. In fact
"matter", "energy", "space" and "time" are well measured but mysterious
concepts. 

Does an atheist really have to believe in your reductionism or be cast out as
not following the true faith?!

Richard Wilson
Logica Industry Ltd

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53544
From: arc1@ukc.ac.uk (Tony Curtis)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is


acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
said re. Dan Schaertel's article [if I followed the quoting right]:


>> As much as anything else you learn.  How do you choose what
>> to believe and what not to?  I could argue that George
>> Washington is a myth.  He never lived because I don't have
>> any proof except what I am told.  However all the major
>> events of the life of Jesus Christ were fortold hundreds of
>> years before him.  Neat trick uh?

> How is this?  There is nothing more disgusting than Christian attempts to
> manipulate/interpret the Old Testament as being filled with signs for the
> coming of Christ.  Every little reference to a stick or bit of wood is
> autmoatically interpreted as the Cross.  What a miscarriage of philology.

I think it may also be worthwhile pointing out that if we
take the appellation `Rabbi' seriously then Jesus had a full
grasp of contemporary `scripture'

Mat21:42 Jesus saith unto them, Did ye never read in the scriptures...

Mat22:29 Jesus answered and said unto them, Ye do err, not knowing
Mat22:29 the scriptures, nor the power of God.

Following from this, he would have been in a wonderful
position to fulfil prophesies, and the NT says as much:

Mat26:54 But how then shall the scriptures be fulfilled,
Mat26:54 that thus it must be?

Mat26:56 But all this was done, that the scriptures of the
Mat26:56 prophets might be fulfilled. Then all the disciples
Mat26:56 forsook him, and fled.

If the books comprising the referred-to `scripture' had not
been accessible then it probably would be a different
matter.

--tony

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53546
From: johnchad@triton.unm.edu (jchadwic)
Subject: Another request for Darwin Fish

Hello Gang,

There have been some notes recently asking where to obtain the DARWIN fish.
This is the same question I have and I have not seen an answer on the
net. If anyone has a contact please post on the net or email me.

Thanks,

john chadwick
johnchad@triton.unm.edu
or

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53547
From: jennyb@carina.unm.edu (Jenny Ballmann)
Subject: Re: Another request for Darwin Fish

Darwin fish can be bought from:
--
"JOIN THE DARWINNERS (TM) Send $6 to receive your official Evolving
Fish..  wherever you want to spread the good news!  Darwinners, 6671
Sunset Blvd., Ste. 1525, L.A.,CA 90028 THE GREATEST THEORY EVER TOLD!"

Jenny
-- 
Forty years from now nursing homes will be filled with demented hackers, 
studying their blank laptop screens nicely placed on knitted quilts 
to keep their knees warm.  -K. Mitchum

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53549
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: FAQ sheet

Mike McAngus (mam@mouse.cmhnet.org) wrote:

 >By the way, news.announce.newusers has an article (can't remember which
 >one) that recommends reading a newsgroup for 1 month before posting.  
 >This makes sense because you get an idea who the players are and what 
 >the current discussions are about.

 >Am I the only one who followed that advice?

No, I spent a month just reading, too, mainly because I did not know
much about the way atheists think. I even printed out the FAQs and
discussed it with a friend before I started posting.

Alt.atheism deals with religious issues (more appropriately, lack of
religious beliefs), which are by their very nature very controversial.
It makes sense to read what is being discussed and how just to make
sure you are not repeating something others have said better.

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53550
From: aaron@minster.york.ac.uk
Subject: Re: Gulf War (was Re: Death Penalty was Re: Political Atheists?)

Mark McCullough (mccullou@snake12.cs.wisc.edu) wrote:
	[...details of US built chemical plant at Al Alteer near Baghdad...]
: However, the plant's intended use was to aid the Iraqi infrastructure.
: It is not an example of selling a weapon.  May sound nitpicking,
: but are we going to refuse to sell valuable parts that build the
: infrastructure because of dual use technology? 

	I am contending that in this case (and in the case of the sale
of pesticides by UK companies) that they knew full well that it was to 
be used for the production of chemical weapons even if that was not its
officially stated purpose.

: I personally don't think that letting Iran conquer Iraq would have been a 
: good thing.  

	For that matter, neither do I (for the reasons you state). It is the 
hypocrisy and claims the US did not help Iraq that make me angry, plus the
fact that the USA seems to believe it has the *right* to interfere where
is sees fit (i.e. has an interest) rather than a *duty* to intervene where
it is required. This is demonstrated by the failure of the US to do anything
about East Timor (and the region *is* becoming destabilised). The USA might
have done something approaching the right thing, given my reservations about
the uncessary number of civillian casualites, but for wholly the wrong reasons
and after having a hand in creating the situation.

: That in no way would affect the US later military action against Iraq.

	I did not suggest it would and it would be ridiculous to assert
otherwise. I was simply indicating the USA has previously aided Iraq.

: Intel on manufacturing techniques, or something of that nature? 

	No, apparently data (orginally from satellites although I doubt
that Iraq would have been given the raw data) concerning troop concentrations.

		Aaron Turner	aaron@minster.york.ac.uk

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53551
From: aaron@minster.york.ac.uk
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

Shamim Zvonko Mohamed (sham@cs.arizona.edu) wrote:
: BULLSHIT!!! In the Gulf Massacre, 7% of all ordnance used was "smart." The
: rest - that's 93% - was just regular, dumb ol' iron bombs and stuff. Have
: you forgotten that the Pentagon definition of a successful Patriot launch
: was when the missile cleared the launching tube with no damage? Or that a
: successful interception of a Scud was defined as "the Patriot and Scud
: passed each other in the same area of the sky"?
: 
: And of the 7% that was the "smart" stuff, 35% hit. Again - try to follow me
: here - that means 65% of this "smart" arsenal missed.

I used to have full figures on this including the tons of bombs dropped
and the number of cluster bomblet munitions used. I had heard the 90% of
the laser-guided weapons hit, which is an unprecedented rate of success.
25% of the iron weapons hit, again unprecedented. The following is a rough
estimate, but this means of the 80,000 tons of bombs dropped by US aircraft
around 56,000 tons *missed*. I'm not sure what proportion of this was
dropped of Baghdad rather than troop concentrations in Iraq and Kuwait.
Much of the tonnage dropped was cluster munitions, as were all the MRLS
rounds and many of the artillery rounds. Napalm and fuel air explosives
were also used (Remember how we were told that weapons of mass destruction
such as FAE were very naughty indeed?)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53552
From: aaron@minster.york.ac.uk
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

Mark McCullough (mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu) wrote:
: This figure, is far below all the other figures I have seen.  If it
: is indeed accurate, then how do you explain the discrepancy between
: that figure, and other figures from international organizations?
: Most figures I have seen place the hit ratio close to 70%, which is 
: still far higher than your 35%.  Or does your figure say a bomb
: missed if the plane took off with it, and the bomb never hit the target,
: regardless of whether or not the bomb was dropped?  Such methods
: are used all the time to lie with statistics.

Answering the last sentence, claimed that they had a success rate of 80%
without initially explaining, until pressed, that this meant that 80%
of the aircraft came back having dropped their bombs somewhere, regardless'
of whether they had hit the intended target, or indeed anything al all.

		Aaron Turner


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53553
From: aaron@minster.york.ac.uk
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

Mark McCullough (mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu) wrote:
: >Prove it. I have a source that says that to date, the civilian death count
: >(er, excuse me, I mean "collateral damage") is about 200,000.
: 
: I have _never_ seen any source that was claiming such a figure.  Please
: post the source so its reliability can be judged.  

This figure would not simply be deaths by bombing, but also death later
from disease (the sewer system of Baghdad was deliberately targeted) and
starvation. I believe (but when I get a copy of the latest research in
June or July) that this was the figure proposed in the Census Bureau 
report on the matter. The report was suppressed and the CB attempted to
sack the author of the report, but failed due to procedural technicality.
The author is now on permanent leave. 

		Aaron Turner



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53554
From: aaron@minster.york.ac.uk
Subject: Re: Gulf War / Selling Arms

Mark McCullough (mccullou@snake10.cs.wisc.edu) wrote:
: I heard about the arms sale to Saudi Arabia.  Now, how is it such a grave
: mistake to sell Saudi Arabia weapons?  Or are you claiming that we shouldn't
: sell any weapons to other countries?  Straightforward answer please.

Saudi Arabia is an oppressive regime that has been recently interfering
in the politcs of newly renunified Yemen, including assasinations and 
border incursions. It is entirely possible that they will soon invade.
Unluckily for Yemen it is not popular in the West as they managed to put
aside political differences during reunification and thus the West has
effectively lost one half (North?) as a client state.

		Aaron Turner
 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53555
From: cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5v2Mr.1z1@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
[deleted stuff from Andrew wrt which atheist myth is Bill re: to]
> 
> Andrew,
> 
> The myth to which I refer is the convoluted counterfeit athiests have
> created to make religion appear absurd. 

"Counterfeit atheists". Hmmmm. So, we're just cheap knock-offs of the
True Atheists. 

Religion demonstrates itself to be absurd. Constantly. Personally, if 
someone asks, I'm happy to point out how this is so. 

> Rather than approach religion
> (including Christainity) in a rational manner and debating its claims
> -as the are stated-, atheists concoct outrageous parodies and then
> hold the religious accountable for beliefs they don't have. What is
> more accurately oxymoric is the a term like, reasonable atheist.

Man, what *is* your pill wrt atheists? If you're going to make such
contentious statements, back them up! At least, READ NEWS: time-and-time
again, we've hashed out the beliefs various religous doctrines hold. 
Try debating reasonably with someone who makes a statement like, 
"...more accurately oxymoric is the a term like, reasonable atheist."
Then take a look at the responses we've given Tammy. Seem pretty
"reasonable", nay, even "polite" to me. 

[accusations of myths a-flyin']
>  
> Here's a good example of of what I said above. Read the post again, I
> said, "Acoording to ...", which means I am referring to Christian
> doctrine (as I understand it), if I am speaking for myself you'll know
> it. My purpose in posting was to present a basic overview of Christain
> doctrines since it seemed germane.

I saw your reference to "According to" in the original article.
Then you do such an excellent job of spewing dogma that, well, the
implication was pretty clear (if wrong, in this case).

[jeez, a misunderstanding. Let it go.]

[more statements to wrap this thing up]
> 
> 3) If you read my post with same care as read the FAQ, we wouldn't be
> having this conversation.

If you had WRITTEN your post with the same as care as the FAQ has been,
we wouldn't be having this discussion.

[gems about evidence deleted]

> 
> Yes, human reason does always come back to the existence of God, we're
> having this discussion are we not?

Jeez, do I have to point this out to you? This discussion is not all
instances of human reason. Therefore, your implication is false.


> 
> Well this is interesting, Truth is to be determined by it politically
> correct content. Granted it's extremely unhip to be a WASP male, and
> anything European is contemptable, but I thought this kind of
> dialogue, the purpose of a.a, was to get at the truth of things. But
> then I remember the oxymoron, reasonalble atheist, and I understand.

How lame can you get. Who said anything about the 'truth' of things?
Read the FAQ very carefully, please. Then report your findings about
where it says the purpose of a.a is to find the 'truth' of things.

And stop impressing your own misguided image of atheists upon us. It's
really pissing me off.

> 
> Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53557
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Discordian & SubGenius books, addresses etc.

As requested, here are some addresses of sources of bizarre religious satire
and commentary...  Plus some bijou book reviewettes.

---

Loompanics Unlimited
PO Box 1197
Port Townsend, WA 98368. USA.

Publishers of one of the most infamous mail-order book catalogue in the 
world.  Anarchism, Discordianism, Libertarianism, cryogenics, money-making
(legal and illegal), privacy and security, self-defense, and all kinds of
other stuff that keeps Christians awake at nights.

---

The Church of the SubGenius
PO Box 140306
Dallas, TX 75214. USA.

The original end times church for post-human mutants; a high temple for 
scoffers, mockers and blasphemers.  Be one of the few to board the X-ist 
saucers in 1998 and escape Space God JHVH-1's stark fist of removal.  J.R.
"Bob" Dobbs, God of Sales, is waiting to take your money and ordain you. 
Magazines, sick audio cassettes, and assorted offensive cynisacreligious 
material.  Periodic lists of addresses of Pink religious cults and contact
points for the world wierdo network.

Expect a slow response to mail.  Only conspiracies are well-organized.  You
will eventually get what you pay for if you give them some slack.

---

Counter Productions
PO Box 556
London SE5 0RL
UK

A UK source of obscure books.  A wide-ranging selection; Surrealism, 
Anarchism, SubGenius, Discordianism, Robert Anton Wilson, Lovecraftian 
horror, Cyberpunk, Forteana, political and social commentary, Wilhelm Reich,
Orgone tech, obscure rock music, SF, and so on.  Send an SAE (and maybe a
bribe, they need your money) and ask for a catalogue.  Tell them mathew sent
you.  I've ordered from these folks three or four times now, and they're
about as fast and efficient as you can expect from this sort of operation.

---

Forbidden Planet
Various sites in the UK; in particular, along London's New Oxford Street, just 
down the road from Tottenham Court Road tube station.

Mass market oddness.  SubGenius, Robert Anton Wilson, Loompanics, and of 
course huge quantities of SF.  Not a terribly good selection, but they're in
the high street.

---

REVIEWETTE: "Loompanics' Greatest Hits"
ISBN 1-55950-031-X (Loompanics)

A selection of articles picked from the books in Loompanics' catalogue.  
Subjects include:

 * Christian Dispensationalism -- how right-wing Christians encouraged 
   the Cold War
 * Satanic Child Abuse myths
 * Religion and censorship
 
Plus lots of anarchist and libertarian stuff, situationism, computers and 
privacy, and so on.  Guaranteed to contain at least one article that'll 
offend you -- like, for example, the interview with Bradley R. Smith, the 
Holocaust Revisionist.  A good sampling of stuff in a coffee table book.  (Of
course, whether you want to leave this sort of stuff lying around on your
coffee table is another matter.)

QUOTE:

"The fundamentalists leap up and down in apoplectic rage and joy.  Their 
worst fantasies are vindicated, and therefore (or so they like to think), 
their entire theology and socio-political agenda is too.  Meanwhile, teen-age
misanthropes and social misfits murder their enemies, classmates, families,
friends, even complete strangers, all because they read one of Anton LaVey's
cooks or listened to one too many AC/DC records.  The born-agains are ready
to burn again, and not just books this time."

---

REVIEWETTE: "The Book of the SubGenius", J.R. Dobbs & the SubGenius Foundation
ISBN 0-671-63810-6 (Simon & Schuster)

Described by 'Rolling Stone' as "A sick masterpiece for those who can still
laugh at the fact that nothing is funny anymore."  The official Bible of the
SubGenius Church, containing the sacred teachings of J.R. "Bob" Dobbs. 
Instant answers to everything; causes catalytic brain cell loss in seconds;
the secret of total slack; how to relax in the safety of your delusions and
pull the wool over your own eyes; nuclear doom and other things to laugh at.

QUOTE:

"He has been known to answer questions concerning universal truths with 
screams.  With suggestive silence.  By peeing down his pants leg.  His most
famous sermon was of cosmic simplicity: "Bob" standing on the stage with his
hands in his pockets, smoking, looking around and saying nothing.  Heated
arguments still rage among the monks, often erupting into fatal duels, as
towhether the Master consulted his wristwatch during this divine period of
Grace."

--

REVIEWETTE: "High Weirdness by Mail", Rev. Ivan Stang
ISBN 0-671-64260-X (Simon & Schuster)

An encyclopedia of wierd organizations you can contact by mail.  Space 
Jesuses, Christian vs Christian, UFO contactees, New Age saps, Creationists,
Flat Earthers, White Supremacist churches, plus (yawn) CSICOP, Sceptical
Enquirer and stuff like that.  Not just a list of addresses, though, as each
kook group is ruthlessly mocked and ridiculed with sarcastic glee.  If you
like alt.atheism's flame wars, this is the book for you.  Made me laugh until
my stomach ached.  Revised edition due some time in the next year or two.

SAMPLE ENTRY:

   Entertaining Demons Unawares
   Southwest Radio Church
   PO Box 1144
   Oklahoma City, OK 73101

   "Your Watchman on the Wall."  Another flagellating, genuflecting 
   fundamentalist outfit.  Their booklet "Entertaining Demons Unawares"
   exposes the Star Wars / E.T. / Dungeons & Dragons / Saturday morning
   cartoon / Satanic connection in horrifying detail.  Left out Smurfs,
   though! I especially liked the bit about Wonder Woman's Antichrist origins.
   Keep in mind that once you send for anything from these people, you'll be
   on their mailing list for life.

---

REVIEWETTE: "The Abolition of Work", Bob Black
ISBN 0-915179-41-5 (Loompanics)

A selection of Bob Black's painfully witty and intelligent anarchist tracts
collected into book form.  If I were this good I'd be insufferable.(*) 
Probably the only thought-provoking political book that's fun to read.

QUOTE:

"Babble about 'The wages of sin' serves to cover up 'the sin of wages'.  We
want rights, not rites -- sex, not sects.  Only Eros and Eris belong in our
pantheon.  Surely the Nazarene necrophile has had his revenge by now. 
Remember, pain is just God's way of hurting you."

---

REVIEWETTE: "Principia Discordia", Malaclypse the Younger
ISBN 1-55950-040-9 (Loompanics)

The infamous Discordian Bible, reprinted in its entirety and then some.  Yes,
you could FTP the online copy, but this one has all the pictures.  Explains
absolutely everything, including the Law of Fives, how to start a Discordian
Cabal, and instructions for preaching Discordianism to Christians. 

QUOTE:

"A Discordian is Required during his early Illumination to Go Off Alone & 
Partake Joyously of a Hot Dog on a Friday; this Devotive Caremony to 
Remonstrate against the popular Paganisms of the Day: of Catholic Christendom
(no meat on Friday), of Judaism (no meat of Pork), of Hindic Peoples (no meat
of Beef), of Buddhists (no meat of animal), and of Discordians (no Hot Dog
Buns)."

---

REVIEWETTE: "Natural Law, or Don't Put a Rubber on Your Willy",
            Robert Anton Wilson
ISBN 0-915179-61-X (Loompanics)

The author of the Illuminatus trilogy rails against natural law, natural 
morality, objective reality, and other pervasive myths.  Witty and 
thought-provoking work from someone who actually seems to know an argument
from a hole in the ground.

QUOTE:

"Since theological propositions are scientifically meaningless, those of us
of pragmatic disposition simply won't buy such dubious merchandise. [...] 
Maybe -- remotely -- there might be something in such promotions, as there
might be something in the talking dogs and the stocks in Arabian tapioca
mines that W.C. Fields once sold in his comedies, but we suspect that we
recognize a con game in operation.  At least, we want to hear the dog talk or
see the tapioca ore before we buy into such deals."

---

All of the books mentioned above should be available from Counter Productions
in the UK, or directly from the SubGenius Foundation or Loompanics Unlimited.


mathew
[ (*) What do you mean I am anyway? ]
-- 
"Dreamed I laid a toaster...  Daddy caught me in the act.  Can you take it?"
 -- DEVO


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53558
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <1r98voINNr9q@lynx.unm.edu> cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl) writes:

>> The myth to which I refer is the convoluted counterfeit athiests have
>> created to make religion appear absurd. 
>
>"Counterfeit atheists". Hmmmm. So, we're just cheap knock-offs of the
>True Atheists. 

	They must be theists in disguise.

	In any event, we don't _need_ to create religious parodies: just 
look at some actual religions which are absurd.


[34mAnd now . . . [35mDeep Thoughts[0m
	[32mby Jack Handey.[0m

[36mIf you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and your
friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be
to pretend you were swimming.[0m


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53563
From: mtabbott@unix.amherst.edu (MTA)
Subject: Atheism survey

I am doing research on atheism, part of which involves field research here
on the net.  The following is a survey directed towards all readers of this
group, intended to get data about the basis of atheistic belief.  I would
seriously appreciate it if each and every one of you would fill it out and
mail it back to me at mtabbott@unix.amherst.edu.  

First of all, I've tried to structure questions that can be answered in a
variety of ways, with varying amounts of detail; it's possible to give 
succinct answers to most everything, but there's enough here to keep most of 
you typing for hours, I'm sure.  As much detail as you want to give me (I mean 
it) is great, but it's also important for me to have as broad a base of 
individuals as possible, so even minimal responses are far better than nothing
-- it's a short survey if you just answer the questions without elaboration.  

Secondly, I hope some of the questions don't come off as obnoxious; I know that
phrases like "What would convince you of the existence of God" imply that I am
a seminary student intent on proving you all to be ignorant Godless heathens.
In fact, I'm not too sure about the existence of a higher power myself, so my
use of "God" is a question of locution rather than ideology -- it's easier 
than just repeating "a deity or higher power" every time.  

Also, I tend to use a lot of anthropological buzzwords like "belief system"
although I know some of you might contend that you don't have ANY beliefs, but
are skeptical towards everything.  I understand; but you know what I mean.
Think of such buzzwords as abbreviations for the rather unweildy phrases 
required to get the precise idea across.  

Lastly, thanks!  Please fill out as much as you can, in as much detail as
you can, and send them to me.  My research and I thank you.  

---------------

Where would you place your beliefs, on the spectrum 
	Theism <--> Agnosticism <--> Weak Atheism <--> Strong Atheism?  
Feel free to elaborate on your specific beliefs.  


In what, if any, religious tradition were you raised?  Did you ever believe 
in the existence of a God?  (Several of the following questions presume 
that the answer to this is "yes;" if you've always been an atheist, or at
least never a theist, you may have to modify the question/answer somewhat.)


How serious was your/your family's involvement?  

How and when did you start to doubt the tenets you were raised to believe?  

How and when did your "final break" with your beliefs, if any, occur?  I 
realize that this is often more of an ongoing process than an "event" per se;
whatever the case, just describe it in whatever detail you wish.  


What contact with other atheists have you had; before and after (and during)
your "conversion" to atheism?  (Certainly your involvement with alt.atheism
counts -- how have net discussions affected your beliefs?)  

To what extent do you think other atheists have influenced you in your
beliefs?  Did you come by your beliefs through discussion, through
independent means, or by some combination of the two or other means?  


Are you convinced that your beliefs were acquired through wholly rational
means (proofs of the non-existence of God, etc), or was it perhaps, at least 
in part, through other means (alienation from mainstream religion, etc)?  


To what extent do you feel you "understand" the universe through your beliefs?
What phenomena of the universe and of human existence (anything from physical
phenomena to the problem of the existence of evil in human affairs) do you 
feel are adequately dealt with by your beliefs, and where are they lacking as 
an explanatory method?  

What would it take for you to question, or change, your beliefs?  What would
convince you of the existence of God, what would convince you of the 
plausibility of God's existence, and so forth?  How dynamic are your beliefs
-- are they constantly changing; have they stayed more or less the same for
some time?  

Are you involved in a career or education in science?  To what extent do you
think science has influenced your beliefs?  (Issac Asimov claimed that science
was the new "secular religion," and that "scientists are, in a very real sense,
the new priesthood."  Do you see the pursuit of science as having a quasi-
religious base, or even a religious element?)  

---------------

This survey is intended to get data from a broad range of individuals, but
also to help me narrow down the field to a small group of people whose
ideas and histories could be very useful to me.  Would you be willing to have
me, on the basis of this survey, write you to find out more about you and your
beliefs?  If not, fine; your filling out the survey alone is great.  

---------------

Thanks again.  Feel free to contact me if you have any questions about what
I'm doing with this data, or if you have anything to say in addition to what
I've asked about above.  

	Mark Abbott
	mtabbott@unix.amherst.ed

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53564
From: simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution, now with free Ockham's Razor inside

Sorry about the delay in responding, due to conference paper deadline panic.

In article <1qsnqqINN1nr@senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU> bobs@thnext.mit.edu (Robert Singleton) writes:
>In article <1993Apr18.043207.27862@dcs.warwick.ac.uk>  
>simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale) writes:

[Alarming amounts of agreement deleted :-)]

> I made my statement about Ockums Razor from my experiences in physics. 
> Thanks for info in Baysian statistics - very interesting and I didn't
> know it before. I follow your proof, but I have one questions. We have
> two hypotheses H and HG - the latter is more "complicated", which by
> definition means P(H) > P(HG).

That ("complicated") isn't in fact where P(H) > P(HG) comes from; it's more
the other way around. It's from

  P(H)  =  P(HG) +  P(HG')  where G' is the complement of G

and by axiom, P(anything) >= 0, so P(HG') >= 0, so P(H) >= P(HG).

In a sense, HG is necessarily more "complicated" than H for any H and G,
so I may be splitting hairs, but what I'm trying to say is that irrespective
of subjective impressions of how complicated something is, P(H) >= P(HG)
holds, with equality if and only if P(HG') = 0.

> As you point out, it's a very simple matter to show P(x | H) = P(x | HG)
> ==> P(H | x) > P(HG | x), and thus H is to be preferd to HG. Now to say
> that H is as consistent with the data as HG is to say P(x | H) =  P(x | HG).
> Can you elaborate some on this.

Well, "P(x | A) = P(x | B)" means that x is as likely to be observed if A is
operative as it is if B is operative. This implies that observing x does not
provide any useful information which might allow us to discriminate between
the respective possibilities that A and B are operative; the difference
reduces to the difference between the (unknown and unhelpful) prior
probabilities P(A) and P(B):

  P(x | A) = P(x | B)  ==>

    P(A | x)  =  k P(A),   and   P(B | x)  =  k P(B)

where k  =  P(x | A) / P(x)  =  P(x | B) / P(x).

So A and B are "equally consistent with the data" in that observing x
doesn't give any pointers as to which of A or B is operative.

In the particular case where A = H and B = HG, however, we know that their
prior probabilities are ordered by P(H) >= P(HG), although we don't know
the actual values, and it's this which allows us to deploy the Razor to
throw out any such HG.

> Also, in the "real world" it isn't as clear cut and dry it seems 
> to me. We can't always determine whether the equality "P(x | H) =  
> P(x | HG)" is true. 

That's certainly true, but the particular point here was whether or
not a `divine component' actually underlies the prevalence of religion
in addition to the memetic transmission component, which even the religious
implicitly acknowledge to be operative when they talk of `spreading the word'.

Now it seems to me, as I've said, that the observed variance in religious
belief is well accounted for by the memetic transmission model, but rather
*less* well if one proposes a `divine component' in addition, since I would
expect the latter to conspire *against* wide variance and even mutual
exclusion among beliefs. Thus my *personal* feeling is that P(x | HG) isn't
even equal to P(x | H) in this case, but is smaller (H is memetic transmission,
G is `divine component', x is the variance among beliefs). But I happily
acknowledge that this is a subjective impression.

> BTW, my beef with your Baysian argument was not a mathematical one - 
> I checked most of your work and didn't find an error and you seem very  
> careful so there probably isn't a "math mistake". I think the mistake
> is philosophical. But just to make sure I understand you, can please 
> rephrase it in non-technical terms? I think this is a reasonable 
> request - I always try to look for ways of  explaining physics to 
> non-physicist. I'm not a Baysian statistician (nor any type of 
> statistician), so this would be very helpful. 

Not that I'm a statistician as such either, but:

The idea is that both theism and atheism are compatible with all of
the (read `my') observations to date. However, theism (of the type with
which I am concerned) *also* suggests that, for instance, prayer may be
answered, people may be miraculously healed (both are in principle amenable
to statistical verification) and that god/s may generally intervene in
measurable ways.

This means that these regions of the space of possible observations, 
which I loosely termed "appearances of god/s", have some nonzero
probability under the theistic hypothesis and zero under the atheistic.

Since there is only so much probability available for each hypothesis to
scatter around over the observation space, the probability which theism
expends on making "appearances of god/s" possible must come from somewhere
else (i.e. other possible observations).

All else being equal, this means that an observation which *isn't* an
"appearance of god/s" must have a slightly higher probability under
atheism than under theism. The Bayesian stuff implies that such
observations must cause my running estimate for the probability of
the atheistic hypothesis to increase, with a corresponding decrease
in my running estimate for the probability of the theistic hypothesis.

Sorry if that's still a bit jargonesque, but it's rather difficult to
put it any other way, since it does depend intimately on the properties
of conditional probability densities, and particularly that the total
area under them is always unity.

An analogy may (or may not :-) be helpful. Say that hypothesis A is "the
coin is fair", and that B is "the coin is unfair (two-headed)". (I've
used A and B to avoid confusion with H[heads] and T[tails].)

Then

  P(H | A) = 0.5  }  total 1
  P(T | A) = 0.5  }

  P(H | B) = 1    }  total 1
  P(T | B) = 0    }

The observations are a string of heads, with no tails. This is compatible
with both a fair coin (A) and a two-headed coin (B). However, the probability
expended by A on making possible the appearance of tails (even though they
don't actually appear) must come from somewhere else, since the total must
be unity, and it comes in this case from the probability of the appearance
of heads.

Say our running estimates at time n-1 are e[n-1](A) and e[n-1](B). The
observation x[n] at time n is another head, x[n] = H. The estimates are
modified according to

                            P(H | A)
  e[n](A)   =   e[n-1](A) * --------   =   e[n-1](A) * m
                              P(H)

and

                            P(H | B)
  e[n](B)   =   e[n-1](B) * --------   =   e[n-1](B) * 2m
                              P(H)

Now we don't know P(H), the *actual* prior probability of a head, but
the multiplier for e(A) is half that for e(B). This is true every time
the coin is tossed and a head is observed.

Thus whatever the initial values of the estimates, after n heads, we have

                 n
  e[n](A)   =   m  e[0](A)

and
                    n
  e[n](B)   =   (2m)  e[0](B),

and since e[k](A) + e[k](B) = 1 at any time k, you can show that 0.5 < m < 1
and thus 1 < 2m < 2. Hence the estimate for the fair-coin hypothesis A must
decrease at each trial and that for the two-headed coin hypothesis B must
increase, even though both hypotheses are compatible with a string of heads.

The loose analogy is between "unfair coin" and atheism, and between "fair
coin" and theism, with observations consistent with both. A tail, which
would falsify "unfair coin", is analogous to an "appearance of god/s",
which would falsify atheism. I am *not* claiming that the analogy extends
to the numerical values of the various probabilities, just that the principle
is the same.

>> Constant observation of no evidence for gods, if evidence for them 
>                                                ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>> is at all possible under the respective theisms, constantly increases
>  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>> the notional estimated probability that they don't exist, 

> It's important to draw a distinction between theism that could
> be supported or not supported by evidence and theism that can't.
> Given a theism for which evidence is in principle not possible,
> it doesn't make sense to say "lack of evidence" supports the contrary 
> view.

Quite so, but this type of theism is what I might call "the G in the HG",
in terms of our Ockham's Razor discussion, and I'd bin it on those grounds.

> So it depends upon your conception of this god. If it's a conception 
> like Zeus, who happened to come down to earth to "play" quite 
> frequently, then I agree with you - lack of evidence for this conception 
> of god is evidence that it does not exist. But if your conception
> of God is one that does not make falsifiable predictions (see below
> on "falsifiable predictions"), then I disagree -- lack of evidence
> does not support a disbelief. 

The hypotheses don't have to be falsifiable, and indeed in my `model',
the theism isn't falsifiable.

> [...]

> I used the phrase "SHOULD obverse". Given any specific 'x' theism 
> does not make the prediction "P(x | Ht) > 0". That's why I used the 
> word "should" - theism makes no predictions about any specific event.
> I can only say "I believe" that God did such and such after such
> and such happens, or "I believe God will" do such and such. But
> for any given 'x' I can never, a priori, say P(x | Ht) > 0. I can
> not even say this for the set of all 'x' or some 'x'. This is what 
> don't like about your use of probability. We also have no way of
> assigning these probabilities - I hold science to positivistic
> criteria - if someone cannot tell me how to measure, even in principle,
> P(x | H), then probability is not applicable to hypothesis H. Such
> is the case when H = Ht (theistic) and Ha (atheistic). For example,
> P(x | Ha) = P(x & Ha)/P(Ha). What is P(Ha)?!? How do I measure it? 

You don't have to. We don't need, in the above analogy, to know *any*
prior probabilities to deduce that the updating multiplier for the
fair-coin hypothesis is less than unity, and that the corresponding
multiplier for the two-headed coin hypothesis is greater than unity.
You don't need to know the initial values of the running estimates
either. It's clear that after a large number of observations, P(fair-coin)
approaches zero and P(two-headed-coin) approaches unity.

All you need to know is whether P(x | Ha) is larger than P(x | Ht) for
observed x, and this follows from the assumptions that there are certain
events rendered *possible* (not necessary) under Ht which are not possible
under Ha, and all else is equal.

> Baysian statistics relies upon a series of observations. But
> what if the hypothesis isn't amenable to observation? And even for
> statements that are amenable to observation, some observations are
> not relevant -- a sequence of observations must be chosen with care.
> I'm curious to know what types of observations x[1],x[2],... you have 
> in mind concerning theism and atheism.

Any observations you like; it really doesn't matter, nor affect the
reasoning, provided that there are some possible observations which
would count as "appearances of god/s". Examples of this might be
a demonstration of the efficacy of prayer, or of the veracity of
revelation.

>> But any statement about P(x | H) for general x still counts as a 
>> prediction of H. If the theism in question, Ht, says that prayer may 
>> be answered, or that miracles may happen (see my interpretation, quoted 
>> again above, of what `God exists' means), then this is a prediction, 
>> P(x | Ht) > 0 for such x. It's what distinguishes it from the atheist 
>> hypothesis Ha, which predicts that this stuff does not happen, P(x | Ha)
>> = 0 for such x.

> Theism does not make the claim that "P(x | Ht) > 0 for such x".
> Or I should say that my "theism" doesn't. Maybe I was too quick to
> say we had a common language. You said that by the existence of God 
> you "mean the notion that the deity described by the Bible and by 
> Christians *does* interact with the universe as claimed by those agents".
> I agreed with this. However, I must be careful here. I BELIEVE
> this - I'm not making any claims. Maybe I should have changed *does*
> to *can* - there is an important shift of emphasis. But any way,
> since I "only" have a belief, I cannot conclude "P(x | Ht) > 0 for 
> such x".

OK, we'll downgrade "*does* interact" to "*may* interact", which would
actually be better since "does interact" implies a falsifiability which
we both agree is misplaced.

> I don't think my theism makes "predictions". Maybe I'm not
> understanding what you mean by "prediction" - could you explain what
> you mean by this word?

I'll explain, but bear in mind that this isn't central; all I require of
a theism is that it *not* make the prediction "Appearances of god/s will
never happen", as does atheism. (Before somebody points out that quantum
mechanics doesn't make this prediction either, the difference is that
QM and atheism do not form a partition.)

Predictions include such statements as "Prayer is efficacious" (implying
"If you do the stats, you will find that Prayer is efficacious"), or "Prayer
is *not* efficacious", or "Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not
pass, till all these things be fulfilled." I don't think we have any problems
of misunderstanding here.

>> Persistent observation of this stuff not happening, *consistent* with
>> Ht though it may be, is *more* consistent with Ha, as explained in the
>> Bayesian stats post. 
>>
>> Even if Ht ("God exists") is unfalsifiable, that's
>> no problem for my argument, other than that you have to let the number 
>> of observations go to infinity to falsify it asymptotically. 

> BTW, I do not consider an argument that requires an infinite number of 
> observations as valid - or rather that part of the argument is not valid. 
> We, as existing humans, can never make an infinite number of measurments 
> and any conclusion that reilies on this I don't accept as valid.

That's fine; I don't claim that theism is false, merely that the [finite
number of] observations available to me so far suggest that it is, and
that as I continue to observe, the suggestion looks better and better.

> [Renormalization stuff deleted]

>> In the Bayesian stats post, I assumed that theism was indeed unfalsifiable
>> in a finite number of observations. Here's the relevant quote:
>> 
>> $ The important assumption is that there are *some* observations which 
>> $ are compatible with the theist hypothesis and not with the atheist 
>> $ hypothesis, and thus would falsify atheism; these are what I called 
>> $`appearances of god/s', but this need not be taken too literally. Any 
>> $ observation which requires for its explanation that one or more gods 
>> $ exist will count. All other observations are assumed to be compatible 
>> $ with both hypotheses. This leaves theism as unfalsifiable, and atheism 
>> $ as falsifiable in a single observation only by such `appearances of 
>> $ god/s'.

> Here is my problem with this. For something to be falsifiable it
> must make the prediction that 'x' should not be seen. If 'x' is 
> seen then the hypothesis has been falsified. Now, atheism is a word 
> in oposition to something - theism. A theism aserts a  belief and an 
> atheism aserts a disbelief. So there are certain atheisms that are 
> certainly falsifiable - just as there are certain theisms that are 
> falsifable (e.g. if my theism asserts the world is only 6,000 years 
> old and that God does not decieve then this has been falsified). However, 
> the atheism that is in oposition to an unfalsifiable theism is also 
> unfalsifiable. I could be wrong on this statment - [...contd]

I think you are; an "appearance of god/s" is sufficient to falsify
atheism, whereas in general the corresponding theism is unfalsifiable.

> I'll think more about it. Until then, here is a general question.
> Suppse X were unfalsifiable. Is not(X) also unfalsifiable? 

No: by way of a counterexample, let X = "the coin is fair", or more
accurately (so that not(X) makes sense) "the two sides of the coin are
different". This is unfalsifiable by tossing the coin; even a string of
heads is consistent with a fair coin, and you have to go to an infinite
number of tosses to falsify X in the limit. Its converse is falsifiable,
and is falsified when at least one head and at least one tail have appeared.

>>> This is partly what's wrong with you Baysian argument - which 
>>> requires observations x[1] ... x[n] to be made. There are simply 
>>> no such observations that have a truth value in relation to the 
>>> statement "God exists". Now, by use of your symmetry argument, I 
>>> can understand why someone would say "Since the statement 
>>> 'God does not exist'
>>   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
>>> makes no predictions I will choose not to believe it." But none
>>> the less this would be founded on a type of faith - or if you don't
>>> like the word faith insert "belief for which there is no falsifiable
>>> evidence" instead. 

>> I'll assume you meant `God exists' up there at the highlight. But by our
>> agreed definition of "exists", the statement makes predictions as I said
>> above, although it isn't falsifiable in a finite number of observations.

> Actually, I mean 'God does not exist' makes no predictions.

Oops. Sorry. Mea culpa.

> The truth of this statment actually depends upon which god you are
> refering to. But I can think of some conceptions of God for which 
> it is true. But once again I'm open to the posibility that I could
> be wrong. So give me some examples of predictions of the statment
> "God does not exist". Here is one that I can think of. If true, then 
> there would be no healing or miricles. But this can in principle never 
> be determined one way or the other. There are cases in which people 
> seem to recover and are healed without the help of a doctor and for no  
> known reason. These situations do in fact happen. They are consistent
> with a theistic hypothesis, but IN NO WAY support such a hypothesis.

We agree here.

> They are not inconsistent with an atheistic hypothesis. I can't
> think of one "prediction" from 'God does not exist' that isn't of
> this type. But I might be missing something. 

"The Rapture will not happen on October 28 1992." Said Rapture would have
falsified atheism to my satisfaction had it happened, although its failure
to happen does not, of course, falsify any theisms other than those which
specifically predicted it.

"No phenomenon which requires the existence of one or more gods for its
explanation will ever be observed." That about sums the whole thing up.

> bob singleton
> bobs@thnext.mit.edu

Cheers

Simon
-- 
Simon Clippingdale                simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk
Department of Computer Science    Tel (+44) 203 523296
University of Warwick             FAX (+44) 203 525714
Coventry CV4 7AL, U.K.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53570
From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes: >

>Tammy "See, Maddi, I trimmed it!" Healy

Well, you're going to have to practice, but you're getting
the hang of it.  Soon we're going to have to give you a new
nickname.  Try these on for size:

Tammy "Lucky Seven" Healy
Tammy "Pass the falafel" Healy
Tammy "R Us" Healy
Tammy "Learning by Doing" Healy



Maddi "Never a Useful Post" Hausmann

-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53571
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <115288@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) wrote:
> He'd have to be precise about is rejection of God and his leaving Islam.
> One is perfectly free to be muslim and to doubt and question the
> existence of God, so long as one does not _reject_ God. I am sure that
> Rushdie has be now made his atheism clear in front of a sufficient 
> number of proper witnesses. The question in regard to the legal issue
> is his status at the time the crime was committed. 

Gregg, so would you consider that Rushdie would now be left alone,
and he could have a normal life? In other words, does Islam support
the notion of forgiving?

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53572
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <115437@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) wrote:
> As I have stated on a parallel thread, I am not an anarchist, nor is
> Islam anarchist. Therefore the UK should have control over itself. 
> However, this does not change the fact that it is possible for citizens
> of the UK residing within the UK to be in violation of Islamic law.

This is an interesting notion -- and one I'm scared of. In my
case I'm a Finnish citizen, I live in USA, and I have to conform
to the US laws. However, the Finnish government is not actively
checking out what I'm doing in this country, in other words checking
out if I conform to the Finnish laws.

However, Islamic law seems to be a 'curse' that is following you
everywhere in the world. Shades of 1984, eh?

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53573
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1qlf7gINN8sn@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith
Allan Schneider) wrote:
> Which type of morality are you talking about?  In a natural sense, it
> is not at all immoral to harm another species (as long as it doesn't
> adversely affect your own, I guess).

Hehehe, so you say, but this objective morality somehere tells you 
that this is not the case, and you don't know all the rules of such
transcendental game systems...

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53574
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Free Moral Agency and Kent S.

In article <healta.140.734925835@saturn.wwc.edu>, healta@saturn.wwc.edu
(Tammy R Healy) wrote:
> At the time Ezekiel was written, Israel was in apostacy again and if I'm not 
> mistaken, Tyre was about to make war on Israel.  Like I said, the Prince of 
> Tyre was the human ruler of Tyre.  He was a wicked man.  By calling Satan 
> the King of Tyre, Ezekiel was saying that Satan is the real ruler over Tyre.

Tammy, is this all explicitly stated in the bible, or do you assume
that you know that Ezekiel indirectly mentioned? It could have been
another metaphor, for instance Ezekiel was mad at his landlord, so he
talked about him when he wrote about the prince of Tyre.

Sorry, but my interpretation is more mundane, Ezekiel wrote about 
the prince of Tyre when we wrote about the prince of Tyre.
 
Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53575
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <kmr4.1696.735588167@po.CWRU.edu>, kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
> 
> [34mAnd now . . . [35mDeep Thoughts[0m
> 	[32mby Jack Handey.[0m
> 
> [36mIf you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and your
> friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be
> to pretend you were swimming.[0m

You fall if it opens, too.

Gravity:  it's not just a good idea; it's the law.

Dean Kaflowitz

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53579
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Religion As Cause  (Was: islamic authority over women)

Scott D. Sauyet (SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu) wrote:

: The same works for the horrors of history.  To claim that Christianity
: had little to do with the Crusades or the Inquisition is to deny the
: awesome power that comes from faith in an absolute.  What it seems you
: are doing twisting the reasonable statement that religion was never
: the solitary cause of any evil into the unreasonable statement that
: religion has had no evil impacts on history.  That is absurd.

Scott,

Until this paragraph I would willingly amend my earlier statements,
since your point(s) are well made and generally accurate. This last
part though slips into hyperbole. Since I've discussed my objections to
such generalizations before, I really don't feel I need to do it
again. If you haven't seen those posts, ask Maddi, she saves
everything I write.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53581
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <116533@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> In article <1r2idi$6e1@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >So now you are saying that an Islamic Bank is something other than
|> >BCCI.
|> 
|> >Would you care to explain why it was that when I said  "I hope an 
|> >Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI", you called me a childish 
|> >propagandist.
|> 
|> Yes, sure, because the only obvious reason anyone would make the jump from
|> "BCCI" to "Islamic bank" is by associating Islamic banking with muslim 
|> ownership.

But in this case I said I hoped that BCCI was *not* an Islamic bank.

|> And the only reason one would generalize from a _given_
|> Islamic bank to _all_ Islamic banks is through a stereotype -- one
|> X is bad, therefore all X's are bad.

But in this case I said I hoped that BCCI was *not* an Islamic bank.

|> Next think you know there is a Bosnia on tap.

But in this case I said I hoped that BCCI was *not* an Islamic bank.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53582
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <16BB9DBA8.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de>, I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
|> In article <1r79j3$ak2@fido.asd.sgi.com>
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|>  
|> (Deletion)
|> >So, Mr Conner.   Is Bobby Mozumder a myth, a performing artist,
|> >a real Moslem. a crackpot, a provocateur?    You know everything
|> >and read all minds: why don't you tell us?
|> >
|>  
|> As a side note: isn't it telling that one cannot say for sure if
|> Bobby Mozunder is a firm believer or a provocateur? What does
|> that say about religious beliefs?

I think that's an insightful comment.   Especially when at the
same time we have people like Bill "Projector" Conner complaining
that we are posting parodies.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53583
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In article <C5ws1s.7ns@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
|> In <1r4ioh$44t@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) 
|> writes:
|> > |>In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
>|> Cobb) writes:
|> >|> 
|> >|> This doesn't seem right.  If I want to kill you, I can because that is 
|> what I
|> >|> decide?
|> 
|> >Sounds as though you are confused between "what I want" and "what
|> >I think is morally right".
|> 
|> >jon.
|> 
|> 
|> What do you mean?  Would your idea still apply if I said I think it is ok to 
|> kill you because that is what I decided?

What I mean is what I said.   "What I want" does not automatically
translate into "what I think is right."   That is, it does not 
translate that way for me.

If you reply that "I think it is ok to kill you because that is what 
I decided" then what that means is that for you "What I want" does
translate into "what I think is right".

It just doesn't translate that way for me.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53586
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Societal basis for morality

In article <1993Apr20.004119.6119@cnsvax.uwec.edu> nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye) writes:

You asked me to look over here, but I was on my way back anyway :-)

#[reply to cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)]
# 
#>If morals come from what is societally accepted, why follow that? What
#>right do we have to expect others to follow our notion of societally
#>mandated morality?  Pardon the extremism, but couldn't I murder your
#>"brother" and say that I was exercising my rights as I saw them, was
#>doing what felt good, didn't want anyone forcing their morality on me,
#>or I don't follow your "morality" ?
# 
#I believe that morality is subjective.  Each person is entitled to his
#own moral attitudes.  Mine are not a priori more correct than someone
#elses.  This does not mean however that I must judge another on the
#basis of his rather than my moral standards.  While he is entitled to
#believe what his own moral sense tells him, the rest of society is
#entitled to pass laws spelling out punishments for behavior that is
#offensive to the majority.

Why?  Your last statement.  Why?  By which authority?  

#Most criminals do not see their behavior as moral.  The may realize that
#it is immoral and not care.  They are thus not following their own moral
#system but being immoral.  For someone to lay claim to an alternative
#moral system, he must be sincere in his belief in it and it must be
#internally consistent.  

Why?  Your last statement.  Why are these things necessary?  

And believe me, a belief in terrorism can be both sincere and frighteningly
consistent.

#Some sociopaths lack an innate moral sense and
#thus may be incapable of behaving morally.  While someone like Hitler
#may have believed that his actions were moral, we may judge him immoral
#by our standards.  Holding that morality is subjective does not mean
#that we must excuse the murderer.

Trouble is, this would sound just fine coming from someone like Hitler, too.
(I do *not* mean any comparison or offence, David.)   Try substituting 
the social minority of your choice for 'sociopath', 'Hitler',  and
'murderer'.  No logical difference.  Someone like you, vs. someone like
Hitler. Zero sum.  

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53588
From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

[reply to tgk@cs.toronto.edu (Todd Kelley)]
 
>In light of what happened in Waco, I need to get something of my chest.
 
>Faith and dogma are dangerous.
 
Agreed.
 
>A philosopher cannot be a Christian because a philosopher can change
>his mind, whereas a Christian cannot, due to the nature of faith and
>dogma present in any religion.
 
It is hard for me to understand, but quite a few professional scientists
and philosophers are theists.
 
>Sure, religion has many good qualities.  It encourages benevolence and
>philanthropy.
 
But also intolerance and superstition.  I'm not sure that in the balance
it is not detrimental.
 
>Wouldn't it be nice if everyone were a secular humanist?
 
Sure would!
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53589
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <116172@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
>> I'm not in a position to say, since I know nothing
>>  about the situation.  That does not, in my estimation, qualify me
>>  as having my head up my ass.
>
>
>Bob, I never accused you of having your head up your ass! It takes
>me quite some time in dealing with someone before accusing them of
>having their head up their ass. I was accusing the original poster
>(Benedikt, I believe) of being so impaired.
>
 
 
After insult, Gregg resorts to lies:
 
In article <115670@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
>>  Could you maybe flesh it out just a bit?  Or did I miss the full
>>  grandeur of it's content by virtue of my blinding atheism?
>
>You may be having difficulty seeing the light because you
>have your head up your ass. I suggest making sure this is
>not the case before posting again.
>
 
That's was the original answer. While it does not say that he has the head
necessarily up its ass, it would be meaningless and pointless if it was not
insinuated.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53591
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1r0fpv$p11@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>#      Point: Morals are, in essence, personal opinions. Usually
>#(ideally) well-founded, motivated such, but nonetheless personal. The
>#fact that a real large lot of people agree on some moral question,
>#sometimes even for the same reason, does not make morals objective; it
>#makes humans somewhat alike in their opinions on that moral question,
>#which can be good for the evolution of a social species.
>
>And if a "real large lot" (nice phrase) of people agree that there is a
>football on a desk, I'm supposed to see a logical difference between the two?
>Perhaps you can explain the difference to me, since you seem to see it
>so clearly.
>
(rest deleted)
 
That's a fallacy, and it is not the first time it is pointed out.
For one, you have never given a set of morals people agree upon. Unlike
a football. Further, you conveniently ignore here that there are
many who would not agree on tghe morality of something. The analogy
does not hold.
 
One can expect sufficiently many people to agree on its being a football,
while YOU have to give the evidence that only vanishing number disagrees
with a set of morals YOU have to give.
 
Further, the above is evidence, not proof. Proof would evolve out of testing
your theory of absolute morals against competing theories.
 
 
The above is one of the arguments you reiterate while you never answer
the objections. Evidence that you are a preacher.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53592
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <1r10jcINNt1g@lynx.unm.edu>
cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl) writes:
 
>> Correction: _hard_ atheism is a faith.
>
>Yes.
>
 
Can be a faith. Like weak atheism. We had that before.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53594
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Theism and Fanatism (was: Islamic Genocide)

In article <1r0sn0$3r@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
 
>|>#>#Theism is strongly correlated with irrational belief in absolutes. Irrational
>|>#>#belief in absolutes is strongly correlated with fanatism.
 
(deletion)
 
>|Theism is correlated with fanaticism. I have neither said that all fanatism
>|is caused by theism nor that all theism leads to fanatism. The point is,
>|theism increases the chance of becoming a fanatic. One could of course
>|argue that would be fanatics tend towards theism (for example), but I just
>|have to loook at the times in history when theism was the dominant ideology
>|to invalidate that conclusion that that is the basic mechanism behind it.
>
>IMO, the influence of Stalin, or for that matter, Ayn Rand, invalidates your
>assumption that theism is the factor to be considered.
 
Bogus. I just said that theism is not the only factor for fanatism.
The point is that theism is *a* factor.
 
 
>Gullibility,
>blind obedience to authority, lack of scepticism, and so on, are all more
>reliable indicators.  And the really dangerous people - the sources of
>fanaticism - are often none of these things.  They are cynical manipulators
>of the gullible, who know precisely what they are doing.
 
That's a claim you have to support. Please note that especially in the
field of theism, the leaders believe what they say.
 
 
>Now, *some*
>brands of theism, and more precisely *some* theists, do tend to fanaticism,
>I grant you.  To tar all theists with this brush is bigotry, not a reasoned
>argument - and it reads to me like a warm-up for censorship and restriction
>of religious freedom.  Ever read Animal Farm?
>
 
That's a straw man. And as usually in discussions with you one has to
repeat it: Read what I have written above: not every theism leads to
fanatism, and not all fanatism is caused by theism. The point is,
there is a correlation, and it comes from innate features of theism.
 
Gullibility, by the way, is one of them.
 
 
And to say that I am going to forbid religion is another of your straw
men. Interesting that you have nothing better to offer.
 
 
>|>(2)  Define "irrational belief".  e.g., is it rational to believe that
>|>     reason is always useful?
>|>
>|
>|Irrational belief is belief that is not based upon reason. The latter has
>|been discussed for a long time with Charley Wingate. One point is that
>|the beliefs violate reason often, and another that a process that does
>|not lend itself to rational analysis does not contain reliable information.
>
>Well, there is a glaring paradox here:  an argument that reason is useful
>based on reason would be circular, and argument not based on reason would
>be irrational.  Which is it?
>
 
That's bogus. Self reference is not circular. And since the evaluation of
usefulness is possible within rational systems, it is allowed.
 
Your argument is as silly as proving mathematical statements needs mathematics
and mathematics are therfore circular.
 
 
>The first part of the second statement contains no information, because
>you don't say what "the beliefs" are.  If "the beliefs" are strong theism
>and/or strong atheism, then your statement is not in general true.  The
>second part of your sentence is patently false - counterexample: an
>axiomatic datum does not lend itself to rational analysis, but is
>assumed to contain reliable information regardless of what process is
>used to obtain it.
>
 
I've been speaking of religious systems with contradictory definitions
of god here.
 
An axiomatic datum lends itself to rational analysis, what you say here
is a an often refuted fallacy. Have a look at the discussion of the
axiom of choice. And further, one can evaluate axioms in larger systems
out of which they are usually derived. "I exist" is derived, if you want
it that way.
 
Further, one can test the consistency and so on of a set of axioms.
 
what is it you are trying to say?
 
 
>|Compared the evidence theists have for their claims to the strength of
>|their demands makes the whole thing not only irrational but antirational.
>
>I can't agree with this until you are specific - *which* theism?  To
>say that all theism is necessarily antirational requires a proof which
>I suspect you do not have.
>
 
Using the traditonal definition of gods. Personal, supernatural entities
with objective effects on this world. Usually connected to morals and/or
the way the world works.
 
 
>|The affinity to fanatism is easily seen. It has to be true because I believe
>|it is nothing more than a work hypothesis. However, the beliefs say they are
>|more than a work hypothesis.
>
>I don't understand this.  Can you formalise your argument?
 
Person A believes system B becuase it sounds so nice. That does not make
B true, it is at best a work hypothesis. However, the content of B is that
it is true AND that it is more than a work hypothesis. Testing or evaluating
evidence for or against it  therefore dismissed because B (already believed)
says it is wronG/ a waste  of time/ not possible. Depending on the further
contents of B Amalekites/Idolaters/Protestants are to be killed, this can
have interesting effects.
 
Answer the question what the absolute set of morals is people agree on like
they would agree on a football being a football.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53598
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

In article <C5rACM.41q@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>
bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
 
>I can't recall anyone claiming that God -makes- anyone act a particlar
>way, I think that you're attempting to manufacture a contradiction.
 
A world creator god does, the moment it creates the world. And to sayi
that you can't recall *anyone* is even below your usual standard of
a"arguing".
 
My argument is based on quite usual theistic assumptions, namely god
is perfect, god is all-knowing god sets the rules. The rules don't
work for whatever reason. Because of its omniscience, the god has
known it. In advance.
 
(Deletion)
>To say that something defined contadictorily cannot exist, is really
>asking too much; you would have existence depend on grammar. All you
>can really say is that something is poorly defined, but that in itself
>is insufficient to decide anything (other than confusion of course).
>
 
It is not a question of grammar, it is a question of modelling. Has been
discussed in the wonderful time when you were not posting to this group.
When A is contradictorily defined A does not point to an instance in
reality. Unless there is more information in the definition of A that
allows me to find it somehow. However, when the contradictory attribute
is said to be essential, ie has not got that attribute => not the A I
am looking for, I can conclude that A does not exist.
 
 
>Your point that there are better reasons for the phenomenon of belief
>than the object of belief may lead to a rat's nest of unnecessary
>complexity. I think I know what you're implying, but I'd like to see
>your version of this better alternative just the same.
>
 
That's quite like: I predict coins falling
   Predicted            Happened
1.   Heads                 Tails
2.   Tails                 Tails
3.   Heads                 Tails
4.   Heads                 Tails
 
I take 2. and dismiss the rest because of the unnecessary complexity
the other evidence causes.
 
 
For an easy to understand explanation of why humans believe in gods
read "Manwatching" by Desmond Morris.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53599
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
> I don't regret the fact that sometimes military decisions have to be made
> which affect the lives of innocent people.  But I do regret the 
> circumstances which make those decisions necessary, and I regret the
> suffering caused by those decisions.  

"I'm afraid I'm going to have to kill you.  Don't worry, though; as a Loving
Christian, I guarantee that I will regret the fact that I have to kill
you, although I won't regret the actual killing."

>>> If we hadn't intervened, allowing Hussein to keep Kuwait, then it would
>>> have been appeasement.
>> 
>> Right.  But did you ever hear anyone advocate such a course of action?  Or
>> are you just setting up a strawman?
> 
> I'm not setting up a strawman at all.  If you want to argue against the
> war, then the only logical alternative was to allow Hussein to keep
> Kuwait.

False dichotomy.

> Diplomatic alternatives, including sanctions, were ineffective.

That's because they weren't even attempted.

>> But what about those who didn't support Hitler's dreams of conquest?  It's
>> not as if they democratically voted for all his policies.  The NSDAP got
>> 43 % in the elections of 1933, and that was the last chance the German 
>> people got to vote on the matter.
> 
> They suffered along with the rest.  Why does this bother you so much?

You want to know why it bothers me that thousands of innocent people were
maimed or killed by bombing at the end of WW2, when it was far from clear
that such bombing was necessary?

> The world is full of evil, and circumstances are not perfect.  Many
> innocents suffer due to the wrongful actions of others.  It it regretable,
> but that's The-Way-It-Is.

And why-is-it-that-way?  Who set things up to be that way?

>> this was happening before the Gulf War.  Why didn't we send in the bombers 
>> to East Timor?  Why aren't we sending in the bombers NOW?
> 
> Probably because we're not the saviors of the world.  We can't police each
> and every country that decides to self-destruct or invade another.

No, just the ones that have oil.  Or the ones that look like they might make
a success of Communism.

> Nor are we in a strategic position to get relief to Tibet, East Timor, or
> some other places.

I don't see that getting UN forces to East Timor is any harder than getting
them to Iraq.

>>            Tibetan people are rounded up, tortured, and executed.  Amnesty
>> International recently reported that torture is still widespread in China.
>> 
>> Why aren't we stopping them?  In fact, why are we actively sucking up to
>> them by trading freely with them?
> 
> Tell me how we could stop them and I'll support it.  I, for one, do not
> agree with the present US policy of "sucking up to them" as you put it.
> I agree that it is deplorable.

Fine.  Write to your Congressman and to President Clinton.  China's status as
"Most Favoured Nation" comes up for renewal in June.  Point out that the US
shouldn't be offering favourable trading terms to such a despicable regime.

I doubt anything will happen.  Clinton's keener on trade sanctions against
Europe.

[ Unbelievable comments about the Rodney King case deleted ]

> The media is not totally monolithic.  Even though there is a prevailing
> liberal bias, programs such as the MacNeil-Lehrer News Hour try to give
> a balanced and fair reporting of the news.  There are even conservative
> sources out there if you know where to look.  (Hurrah for Rush!)

Any idea how many kill files you just ended up in?

>> I, an atheist, am arguing against killing innocent people.
>> 
>> You, a supposed Christian, are arguing that it's OK to kill innocent people
>> so long as you get some guilty ones as well.
> 
> Hardly.  I didn't say that it's a Good Thing [tm] to kill innocent people
> if the end is just.  Unfortunately, we don't live in a perfect world and
> there are no perfect solutions.  If one is going to  resist tyranny, then
> innocent people on both sides are going to suffer and die.  I didn't say
> it is OK -- it is unfortunate, but sometimes necessary.

The ends justify the means, eh?

>> You, having criticised moral relativism in the past, are now arguing that I
>> am in no position to judge the morality of allied actions at the end of the
>> War.  
> 
> You certainly are not in such a position if you are a moral relativist.

The same tired old misunderstanding.  Moral relativism means that there is no
*objective* standard of morality.  It doesn't mean you can't judge other
people's morals.  Christ on a bike, how many times have we tried to hammer
that into your head?

>> Where's your Christian love?  Where's your absolute morality?  Oh, how 
>> quick you are to discard them when it suits you.  As Ivan Stang would say,
>> "Jesus would puke!"
> 
> One day I will stand before Jesus and give account of every word and action;
> even this discourse in this forum.  I understand the full ramifications of
> that, and I am prepared to do so.  I don't believe that you can make the
> same claim.

Obviously not, as I am an atheist.  I don't think you'd get on with Jesus,
though; he was a long-haired lunatic peace-nik, was he not?

> And BTW, the reason I brought up the blanket-bombing in Germany was
> because you were bemoaning the Iraqi civilian casualties as being 
> "so deplorable".  Yet blanket bombing was instituted because bombing
> wasn't accurate enough to hit industrial/military targets in a
> decisive way by any other method at that time.  But in the Gulf War,
> precision bombing was the norm.  So the point was, why make a big
> stink about the relatively few civilian casualties that resulted
> *in spite of* precision bombing, when so many more civilians
> (proportionately and quantitatively) died under the blanket bombing
> in WW2?

Right.  Unfortunately for you, it turned out that my opinions on the matter
were entirely consistent in that I condemned the bombing of Dresden too.

I think you're being a bit glib with your explanation of the blanket bombing
policy, too.  You make it sound as though we were aiming for military targets
and could only get them by destroying civilian buildings next door.  As I
understand it, that is not the case; we aimed deliberately at civilian
targets in order to cause massive damage and inspire terror amongst the
German people.

> civilians suffer.  But less civilians suffered in this war than
> any other iany other in history!

Oh, come on.  With wars like the Falklands fresh in people's minds, that sort
of propaganda isn't going to fool anyone.

>                                                       The stories
> of "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi civilian dead is just plain bunk.
> Yes, bunk.  The US lost 230,000 servicemen in WW2 over four years
> and the majority of them were directly involved in fighting!

Yes?  And what about the millions of casualties the Russians suffered?  It's
hardly surprising the US didn't lose many men in WW2, given that you turned
up late.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53600
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Gulf War / Selling Arms

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
> Mathew, I agree.  This, it seems, is the crux of your whole position,
> isn't it?  That the US shouldn't have supported Hussein and sold him arms
> to fight Iran?  I agree.  And I agree in ruthlessly hunting down those
> who did or do.  But we *did* sell arms to Hussein, and it's a done deal.
> Now he invades Kuwait.  So do we just sit back and say, "Well, we sold
> him all those arms, I suppose he just wants to use them now.  Too bad
> for Kuwait."  No, unfortunately, sitting back and "letting things be"
> is not the way to correct a former mistake.  Destroying Hussein's
> military potential as we did was the right move.  But I agree with
> your statement, Reagan and Bush made a grave error in judgment to
> sell arms to Hussein.

But it's STILL HAPPENING.  That's the entire point.  Only last month, John
Major hailed it as a great victory that he had personally secured a sale of
arms to Saudi Arabia.  The same month, we sold jet fighters to the same
Indonesian government that's busy killing the East Timorese.

It's all very well to say "Oops, we made a boo-boo, better clean up the
mistake", but the US and UK *keep* making the *same* mistake.  They do it so
often that I can't believe it's not deliberate.  This suspicion is reinforced
by the fact that the mistake is an extremely profitable one for a decrepit
economy reliant on arms sales.

>                            So it's really not the Gulf War you abhor
> so much, it was the U.S.'s and the West's shortsightedness in selling
> arms to Hussein which ultimately made the war inevitable, right?

No, I thought both were terrible.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53601
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Gulf War (was Re: Death Penalty was Re: Political Atheists?)

mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
> I looked back at this, and asked some questions of various people and
> got the following information which I had claimed and you pooh-poohed.
> The US has not sold Iraq any arms.

What about the land mines which have already been mentioned?

> other countries (like Kuwait).  Information is hard to prove.  You are
> claiming that the US sold information?  Prove it.  [...]  Information
> is hard to prove, almost certainly if the US did sell information, then that
> fact is classified, and you can't prove it.

Oh, very neat.  Dismiss everything I say unless I can prove beyond a shadow
of a doubt something which you yourself admit I can never prove to your
satisfaction.  Thanks, I'll stick to squaring circles.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53602
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
> The problem with most peace-niks it they consider those of us who are
> not like them to be "bad" and "unconscionable".  I would not have any
> argument or problem with a peace-nik if they held to their ideals and
> stayed out of all conflicts or issues, especially those dealing with 
> the national defense.  But no, they are not willing to allow us to
> legitimately hold a different point-of-view.  They militate and 
> many times resort to violence all in the name of peace.

<Yawn>  Another right-wing WASP imagining he's an oppressed minority. 
Perhaps Camille Paglia is right after all.

"I would not have any argument or problem with a peace-nik if they [...]
stayed out of all conflicts or issues"?  I bet you wouldn't.  You'd love it. 

But what makes you think that sitting back, saying nothing about defense
issues, and letting people like you make all the decisions is anything to do
with "their ideals"?


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53603
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: STRONG & weak Atheism

acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery) writes:
> Did that FAQ ever got modified to re-define strong atheists as not those who
> assert the nonexistence of God, but as those who assert that they BELIEVE in 
> the nonexistence of God?

In a word, yes.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53604
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?

perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:
> Anyway, since I seem to be the only one following this particular line
> of discussion, I wonder how many of the rest of the readership have
> read this book?  What are your thoughts on it?

I bought a copy of The Satanic Verses when there was talk of the British
Government banning it.  There's nothing interests me in a book more than
making it illegal.

However, it's still sitting on my shelf unread.  Perhaps I'll get round to it
soon.  I've still got a pile of Lem, Bulgakov and Zamyatin to go through; I
don't find nearly enough time to read.  In fact, there are far more
interesting things to do than I can ever find time for; how anyone ever
manages to be bored is beyond me.  If I didn't have to sleep, maybe I could
manage it.


mathew
-- 
Atheism: Anti-virus software for the mind.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53605
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr22.001442.27396@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:
>In article <116171@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) wrote:

>>I have already made the clear claim that
>> Khomeini advocates views which are in contradition with the Qur'an
>> and have given my arguments for this. This is something that can be
>> checked by anyone sufficiently interested. Khomeini, being dead,
>> really can't respond, but another poster who supports Khomeini has
>> responded with what is clearly obfuscationist sophistry. This should
>> be quite clear to atheists as they are less susceptible to religionist
>> modes of obfuscationism. 

>Don't mind my saying this but the best example of obfuscation is to
>condemn without having even your most basic facts straight. If you
>want some examples, go back and look at your previous posts, where
>you manage to get your facts wrong about the fatwa and Khomeini's 
>supposed infallibility.

Why shouldn't I mind? It sounds as if you are proceeding with just
the sort of obfuscation you have accused me of. I always preceeded
my statements with "it is my understanding that..." Now, I have made
my claim clear with regard to the issue of both the Twelve Imams and 
with Khomeini's supposed claim of infalibility. After hearing your
seemingly more knowledgable claim that Khomeini made no such claim
regarding himself, I have withdrawn that portion of my statement
regarding that claim. However, I have received _no_ such response
regarding the infallibility of the Twelve Imams. There is nothing
obfuscationist about my claims, which are always made clearly.
 
I have received no such clear response regarding the Twelve Imams
but rather abstruse references to unusual metaphysical natures and 
other such opaque "concepts" often used by people to camoflage the 
baselessness of their positions, particularly in matters of theology.
These are just the sorts of "concepts" used by Christian churches
the perverting of their religion. 

>As salaam a-laikum

Alaikum Wassalam,

Gregg



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53606
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr21.171807.16785@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:

>In article <115694@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) wrote:

>> I think many reading this group would also benefit by knowing how
>> deviant the view _as I've articulated it above_ (which may not be
>> the true view of Khomeini) is from the basic principles of Islam. 
>> So that the non-muslim readers of this group will see how far from 
>> the simple basics of Islam such views are on the face of them. And 
>> if they are _not_ in contradiction with the basics of Islam, how 
>> subtle such issues are and how it seems sects exist in Islam while 
>> they are explicitly proscribed by the Qur'an.

>Discussing it here is fine by me. Shall we start a new thread called,
>say, "Infallibility in Islam" and move the discussion there?

I think this should be illuminating to all. Let me make a first
suggestion. When Arabic words, especially technical ones, become of use 
let us define them for those, especially atheists, to whom they may not be
terribly familiar. Please also note that though I did initially refer
to Khomeini as a heretic for what I understood to be a claim -- rejected 
by you since -- of personal infallibility, I withdraw this as a basis
for such a statement. I conditionally retain this reference in regard
to Khomeini's advocacy of the thesis of the infallibility of the 
so-called "Twelve Imams," which is in clear conflict with the Qur'an 
in that it places the Twelve Imams in a category of behavior and example
higher than that of the Muhammad, in that the Qur'an shows that the
Prophet was clearly fallible, as well as (it appears, given your
abstruse theological statment regarding the "natures"  of the Twelve
Imams) placing them in a different metaphysical category than the 
remainder of humanity, with the possible exception of Muhammad, 
something which verges on the sin of association.

>As salam a-laikum

Alaikum Wassalam,

Gregg


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53609
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <16BB7B468.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
#In article <1r0fpv$p11@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
#frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
# 
#(Deletion)
#>#      Point: Morals are, in essence, personal opinions. Usually
#>#(ideally) well-founded, motivated such, but nonetheless personal. The
#>#fact that a real large lot of people agree on some moral question,
#>#sometimes even for the same reason, does not make morals objective; it
#>#makes humans somewhat alike in their opinions on that moral question,
#>#which can be good for the evolution of a social species.
#>
#>And if a "real large lot" (nice phrase) of people agree that there is a
#>football on a desk, I'm supposed to see a logical difference between the two?
#>Perhaps you can explain the difference to me, since you seem to see it
#>so clearly.
#>
#(rest deleted)
# 
#That's a fallacy, and it is not the first time it is pointed out.

It's not a fallacy - note the IF.   IF a supermajority of disinterested people 
agree on a fundamantal value (we're not doing ethics YET Benedikt), then what 
is the difference between that and those people agreeing on a trivial
observation?

#For one, you have never given a set of morals people agree upon. Unlike
#a football. Further, you conveniently ignore here that there are
#many who would not agree on tghe morality of something. The analogy
#does not hold.

I have, however, given an example of a VALUE people agree on, and explained
why.  People will agree that their freedom is valuable.  I have also
stated that such a value is a necessary condition for doing objective
ethics - the IF assertion above.  And that is what I'm talking about, there
isn't a point in talking about ethics if this can't be agreed.

#One can expect sufficiently many people to agree on its being a football,
#while YOU have to give the evidence that only vanishing number disagrees
#with a set of morals YOU have to give.

I'm not doing morals (ethics) if we can't get past values.  As I say,
the only cogent objection to my 'freedom' example is that maybe people
aren't talking about the same thing when they answer that it is valuable.
Maybe not, and I want to think about this some, especially the implications
of its being true.

#Further, the above is evidence, not proof. Proof would evolve out of testing
#your theory of absolute morals against competing theories.

Garbage.  That's not proof either.

#The above is one of the arguments you reiterate while you never answer
#the objections. Evidence that you are a preacher.

Name that fallacy.
-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53611
From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: Studies on Book of Mormon

>>>>> On Tue, 20 Apr 93 21:12:55 GMT, cfairman@leland.Stanford.EDU (Carolyn Jean Fairman) said:
CJF> agrino@enkidu.mic.cl (Andres Grino Brandt) asks about Mormons.

CJF> Although I don't personally know about independent sudies, I do know
CJF> a few things.
CJF> He writes:

>There are some mention about events, places, or historical persons
>later discovered by archeologist?

CJF> One of the more amusing things in the BOM is a claim that a
CJF> civilization existed in North America, aroun where the mystical plates
CJF> were found.  Not only did it use steel and other metals, but it had
CJF> lots of wars (very OT).  No one has ever found any metal swords or
CJF> and traces of a civilization other than the Native Americans.

I was talking to the head of the archeology dept. once in college and
the topic of Mormon archeology came up.  It seems that the Mormon church
is (or was) big on giving grants to archeologists to prove that the
native Americans are really the lost tribe of Israel and other such
bunk.  The archeologists would shake their head knowingly while listening
to them, take the grant, and go off to do real archeology anyway.

--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53614
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Science and theories

As per various threads on science and creationism, I've started dabbling into a
book called Christianity and the Nature of Science by JP Moreland.  A question
that I had come from one of his comments.  He stated that God is not 
necessarily a religious term, but could be used as other scientific terms that
give explanation for events or theories, without being a proven scientific 
fact.  I think I got his point -- I can quote the section if I'm being vague. 
The examples he gave were quarks and continental plates.  Are there 
explanations of science or parts of theories that are not measurable in and of
themselves, or can everything be quantified, measured, tested, etc.?  

MAC
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53619
From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: Age of Reason Was: Who has read Rushdie's

>>>>> On Wed, 21 Apr 1993 06:38:30 GMT, sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) said:
KS> This is the story of Kent, the archetype Finn, that lives in the 
KS> Bay Area, and tried to purchase Thomas Paine's "Age of Reason". This
KS> man was driving around, to Staceys, to Books Inc, to "Well, Cleanlighted
KS> Place", to Daltons, to various other places.

KS> When he asked for this book, the well educated American book store
KS> assistants in most placed asked him to check out the thriller section,
KS> or then they said that his book has not been published yet, but they
KS> should receive the book soon. In some places the assistants bluntly
KS> said that they don't know of such an author, or that he is not 
KS> a well known living author, so they don't keep copies of his books.

KS> Such is the life and times of America, 200+ years after the revolution.

Sigh, now I don't feel so bad.  Searching for a copy in bookstores has
been a habit of mine for at least two years now.  I spend a *lot* of 
time browsing through bookstores, new and and used, and I've not once
seen a copy.  Now, I know, all I do is pick up a phone and order the
darned thing, but come on, this is America and he's one of the founding
fathers.  And no one carries his books?  Sure, you can find "Common
Sense" but I think that's because it's required reading for most
colleges.  

I did find one hole-in-the-wall bookstore where the owner said that they 
usually carry one or two copies, but that they were currently out. I haven't
been back since so I don't know if he was telling the truth or not.

sigh...


--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53620
From: csfed@uxa.ecn.bgu.edu (Frank Doss)
Subject: Re: Science and theories

In article <C5u7Bq.J43@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:

>The examples he gave were quarks and continental plates.  Are there 

Sounds like more of the same.  Gods were used to describe almost
everything in the past.  As we come to understand the underpinnings of
more and more, the less we credit to a god.  Now, the not-so-well
understood elements (at least by the author) includes quarks and tectonic
drift.  I guess that's better than describing the perceived patterns of
stars in the sky as heroes being immortalized by the gods.

Kinda sounds like old-earth creation--It seems that life did, indeed, evolve
from a common ancestor.  What caused that initial common ancestor?

Are we going to hear another debate on causeless events? ;-)

>explanations of science or parts of theories that are not measurable in and of
>themselves, or can everything be quantified, measured, tested, etc.?  
>
>MAC
>                                                    Michael A. Cobb

-- 
Frank Doss 
The above stated words are my opinions and do not reflect the opinions,
attitudes, or policies of my employer or any affilliated organizations.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53622
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Theism and Fanatism (was: Islamic Genocide)

In article <16BB8D25C.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
#In article <1r3tqo$ook@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
#frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
# 
#>#>|>#>#Theism is strongly correlated with irrational belief in absolutes. Irrational
#>#>|>#>#belief in absolutes is strongly correlated with fanatism.
#>#
#>#(deletion)
#>#
#>#>|Theism is correlated with fanaticism. I have neither said that all fanatism
#>#>|is caused by theism nor that all theism leads to fanatism. The point is,
#>#>|theism increases the chance of becoming a fanatic. One could of course
#>#>|argue that would be fanatics tend towards theism (for example), but I just
#>#>|have to loook at the times in history when theism was the dominant ideology
#>#>|to invalidate that conclusion that that is the basic mechanism behind it.
#>#>
#>#>IMO, the influence of Stalin, or for that matter, Ayn Rand, invalidates your
#>#>assumption that theism is the factor to be considered.
#>#
#>#Bogus. I just said that theism is not the only factor for fanatism.
#>#The point is that theism is *a* factor.
#>
#>That's your claim; now back it up.  I consider your argument as useful
#>as the following:  Belief is strongly correlated with fanaticism.  Therefore
#>belief is *a* factor in fanaticism.  True, and utterly useless.  (Note, this
#>is *any* belief, not belief in Gods)
#>
# 
#Tiring to say the least. I have backed it up, read the first statement.

I have read it.  Conspicuous by its absence is any evidence or point.

# 
#The latter is the fallacy of the wrong analogy. Saying someone believes
#something is hardly an information about the person at all. Saying someone
#is a theist holds much more information. Further, the correlation between
#theists and fanatism is higher than that between belief at all and fanatism
#because of the special features of theistic belief.

Truth by blatant assertion.  Evidence?
# 
# 
#>#>Gullibility,
#>#>blind obedience to authority, lack of scepticism, and so on, are all more
#>#>reliable indicators.  And the really dangerous people - the sources of
#>#>fanaticism - are often none of these things.  They are cynical manipulators
#>#>of the gullible, who know precisely what they are doing.
#>#
#>#That's a claim you have to support. Please note that especially in the
#>#field of theism, the leaders believe what they say.
#>
#>If you believe that, you're incredibly naive.
#>
# 
#You, Frank O'Dwyer, are living in a dream world. I wonder if there is any
#base of discussion left after such a statement. As a matter of fact, I think
#you are ignorant of human nature. Even when one starts with something one does
#not believe, one gets easily fooled into actually believing what one says.
# 
#To give you the benefit of the doubt, prove your statement.

The onus of proof is on you, sunshine.  What makes you think that
theist leaders believe what they say?  Especially when they say
one thing and do another, or say one thing closely followed by its
opposite?  The practice is not restricted to theism, but it's there
for anyone to see.  It's almost an epidemic in this country.

Just for instance, if it is harder for a camel to pass thru' the eye
of a needle, why is the Catholic church such a wealthy land-owner?  Why
are there churches to the square inch in my country?
# 
#>#>Now, *some*
#>#>brands of theism, and more precisely *some* theists, do tend to fanaticism,
#>#>I grant you.  To tar all theists with this brush is bigotry, not a reasoned
#>#>argument - and it reads to me like a warm-up for censorship and restriction
#>#>of religious freedom.  Ever read Animal Farm?
#>#>
#>#That's a straw man. And as usually in discussions with you one has to
#>#repeat it: Read what I have written above: not every theism leads to
#>#fanatism, and not all fanatism is caused by theism. The point is,
#>#there is a correlation, and it comes from innate features of theism.
#>
#>No, some of it comes from features which *some* theism has in common
#>with *some* fanaticism.    Your last statement simply isn't implied by
#>what you say before, because you're trying to sneak in "innate features
#>of [all] theism".  The word you're groping for is "some".
#>
# 
#Bogus again. Not all theism as is is fanatic. However, the rest already
#gives backup for the statement about the correlation about fanatism and
#theism. And further, the specialty of other theistic beliefs allows them
#to switch to fanatism easily. It takes just a nifty improvement in the
#theology.

Truth by blatant assertion.  
# 
# 
#>#Gullibility, by the way, is one of them.
#>
#>No shit, Sherlock.  So why not talk about gullibility instead of theism,
#>since it seems a whole lot more relevant to the case you have, as opposed
#>to the case you are trying to make?
#>
# 
#Because there is more about theism that the attraction to gullible people
#causing the correlation. And the whole discussion started that way by the
#statement that theism is meaningfully correlated to fanatism, which you
#challenged.

Indeed I did.  As I recall, I asked for evidence.  What is the correlation
of which you speak?  
# 
# 
#>#And to say that I am going to forbid religion is another of your straw
#>#men. Interesting that you have nothing better to offer.
#>
#>I said it reads like a warm up to that.  That's because it's an irrational
#>and bogus tirade, and has no other use than creating a nice Them/Us
#>split in the minds of excitable people such as are to be found on either
#>side of church walls.
#>
# 
#Blah blah blah. I am quite well aware that giving everyone their rights
#protects me better from fanatics than the other way round.

Of course, other people are always fanatics, never oneself.  Your
wish to slur all theists seems pretty fanatical to me.
# 
#It is quite nice to see that you are actually implying a connection between
#that argument and the rise of fanatism. So far, it is just another of your
#assertions.

So?  You can do it.
# 
# 
#>#>|>(2)  Define "irrational belief".  e.g., is it rational to believe that
#>#>|>     reason is always useful?
#>#>|>
#>#>|
#>#>|Irrational belief is belief that is not based upon reason. The latter has
#>#>|been discussed for a long time with Charley Wingate. One point is that
#>#>|the beliefs violate reason often, and another that a process that does
#>#>|not lend itself to rational analysis does not contain reliable information.
#>#>
#>#>Well, there is a glaring paradox here:  an argument that reason is useful
#>#>based on reason would be circular, and argument not based on reason would
#>#>be irrational.  Which is it?
#>#>
#>#That's bogus. Self reference is not circular. And since the evaluation of
#>#usefulness is possible within rational systems, it is allowed.
#>
#>O.K., it's oval.  It's still begging the question, however.  And though
#>that certainly is allowed, it's not rational.  And you claiming to be
#>rational and all.
#>
# 
#Another of your assertions. No proof, no evidence, just claims.

Hey - I learned it from you. Did I do good?
# 
# 
#>At the risk of repeating myself, and hearing "we had that before" [we
#>didn't hear a _refutation_ before, so we're back.   Deal with it] :
#>you can't use reason to demonstrate that reason is useful.  Someone
#>who thinks reason is crap won't buy it, you see.
#>
# 
#That is unusually weak even for you. The latter implies that my proof
#depends on their opinion. Somehow who does not accept that there are
#triangles won't accept Pythagoras. Wow, that's an incredible insight.
#I don't have to prove them wrong in their opinion. It is possible to
#show that their systems leave out useful information respectively claims
#unreliable or even absurd statements to be information.

Totally circular, and totally useless.
# 
#Their wish to believe makes them believe. Things are judges by their appeal,
#and not by their information. It makes you feel good when you believe that
#may be good for them, but it contains zillions of possible pitfalls. From
#belief despite contrary evidence to the bogus proofs they attempt.

Truth by blatant assertion.  I've seen as many bogus proofs of the 
non-existence of gods as I have of their existence.

# 
#Rational systems, by the way, does not mean that every data has to come from
#logical analysis, the point is that the evaluation of the data does not
#contradict logic. It easily follows that such a system does not allows to
#evaluate if its rational in itself. Yes, it is possible to evaluate that
#it is rational in a system that is not rational by the fallacies of that
#system, but since the validity of the axioms is agreed upon, that has as
#little impact as the possibility of a demon ala Descartes.

This just doesn't parse, sorry.
# 
#So far it just a matter of consistency. I use ratiional arguments to show
#that my system is consistent or that theirs isn't. The evaluation of the

Nor this.
#predictions does not need rationality. It does not contradict, however.
# 
# 
#>#Your argument is as silly as proving mathematical statements needs mathematics
#>#and mathematics are therfore circular.
#>
#>Anybody else think Godel was silly?
#>
# 
#Stream of consciousness typing? What is that supposed to mean?
# 
# 
#>#>The first part of the second statement contains no information, because
#>#>you don't say what "the beliefs" are.  If "the beliefs" are strong theism
#>#>and/or strong atheism, then your statement is not in general true.  The
#>#>second part of your sentence is patently false - counterexample: an
#>#>axiomatic datum does not lend itself to rational analysis, but is
#>#>assumed to contain reliable information regardless of what process is
#>#>used to obtain it.
#>#>
#>#
#>#I've been speaking of religious systems with contradictory definitions
#>#of god here.
#>#
#>#An axiomatic datum lends itself to rational analysis, what you say here
#>#is a an often refuted fallacy. Have a look at the discussion of the
#>#axiom of choice. And further, one can evaluate axioms in larger systems
#>#out of which they are usually derived. "I exist" is derived, if you want
#>#it that way.
#>#
#>#Further, one can test the consistency and so on of a set of axioms.
#>#
#>#what is it you are trying to say?
#>
#>That at some point, people always wind up saying "this datum is reliable"
#>for no particular reason at all.  Example: "I am not dreaming".
#>
# 
#Nope. There is evidence for it. The trick is that the choice of an axiomatic
#basis of a system is difficult, because the possibilities are interwoven.
#One therefore chooses that with the least assumptions or with assumptions
#that are necessary to get information out of the system anyway.

I'd like to see this alleged evidence.
# 
#One does not need to define axioms in order to define an evaluation method
#for usefulness, the foundation is laid by how one feels at all (that's not
#how one feels about it).

I see.  You have no irrational beliefs.  But then, fanatics never do, do
they?

# 
#>#>|Compared the evidence theists have for their claims to the strength of
#>#>|their demands makes the whole thing not only irrational but antirational.
#>#>
#>#>I can't agree with this until you are specific - *which* theism?  To
#>#>say that all theism is necessarily antirational requires a proof which
#>#>I suspect you do not have.
#>#>
#>#
#>#Using the traditonal definition of gods. Personal, supernatural entities
#>#with objective effects on this world. Usually connected to morals and/or
#>#the way the world works.
#>
#>IMO, any belief about such gods is necessarily irrational.  That does
#>not mean that people who hold them are in principle opposed to the exercise of
#>intelligence.  Some atheists are also scientists, for example.
#>
# 
#They don't use theism when doing science. Or it wouldn't be science. Please
#note that subjective data lend themselves to a scientific treatment as well.
#They just prohibit formulating them as objective statements.

Ergo, nothing is objective.  Fair enough.
# 
# 
#>#>|The affinity to fanatism is easily seen. It has to be true because I believe
#>#>|it is nothing more than a work hypothesis. However, the beliefs say they are
#>#>|more than a work hypothesis.
#>#>
#>#>I don't understand this.  Can you formalise your argument?
#>#
#>#Person A believes system B becuase it sounds so nice. That does not make
#>#B true, it is at best a work hypothesis. However, the content of B is that
#>#it is true AND that it is more than a work hypothesis. Testing or evaluating
#>#evidence for or against it  therefore dismissed because B (already believed)
#>#says it is wronG/ a waste  of time/ not possible. Depending on the further
#>#contents of B Amalekites/Idolaters/Protestants are to be killed, this can
#>#have interesting effects.
#>
#>Peculiar definition of interesting, but sure.  Now show that a belief
#>in gods entails the further contents of which you speak.   Why aren't my
#>catholic neighbours out killing the protestants, for example?   Maybe they
#>don't believe in it.  Maybe it's the conjunction of "B asserts B" and
#>"jail/kill dissenters" that is important, and the belief in gods is
#>entirely irrelevant.  It certainly seems so to me, but then I have no
#>axe to grind here.
#>
# 
#The example with your neighbours is a fallacy. That *your* neighbours don't
#says little about others. And there were times when exactly that happened.

Nope, it's not a fallacy.   It just doesn't go to the correlation you
wish to see.
# 
#And tell me, when it is not irrelevant, why are such statements about
#Amalekites and Idolaters in the Holy Books? Please note that one could
#edit them out when they are not relevant anymore. Because gods don't err?
#What does that say about that message?

Excuse me - THE Holy Books?
# 
#And how come we had theists saying genocides ordered by god are ok. A god
#is the easiest way to excuse anything, and therefore highly attracting to
#fanatics. Not to mention the effect interpretation by these fanatics can
#have on the rest of the believers. Happens again and again and again.

A god is neither the easiest way to excuse anything, nor the only way.


-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53623
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1993Apr20.191048.6139@cnsvax.uwec.edu> nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye) writes:
#[reply to frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)]
# 
#>>The problem for the objectivist is to determine the status of moral
#>>truths and the method by which they can be established.  If we accept
#>>that such judgements are not reports of what is but only relate to
#>>what ought to be (see naturalistic fallacy) then they cannot be proved
#>>by any facts about the nature of the world.
# 
#>This can be avoided in at least two ways: (1) By leaving the Good
#>undefined, since anyone who claims that they do not know what it is is
#>either lying or so out of touch with humanity as to be undeserving of a
#>reply.
# 
#If the Good is undefined (undefinable?) but you require of everyone that
#they know innately what is right, you are back to subjectivism.

No, and begging the question.  see below.

#>(2) By defining the Good solely in terms of evaluative terms.
# 
#Ditto here.  An evaluative statement implies a value judgement on the
#part of the person making it.

Again, incorrect, and question-begging.  See below.
#
#>>At this point the objectivist may talk of 'self-evident truths'
# 
#Pretty perceptive, that Prof. Flew.
# 
#>>but can he deny the subjectivist's claim that self-evidence is in the
#>>mind of the beholder?
# 
#>Of course; by denying that subject/object is true dichotomy.
# 
#Please explain how this helps.  I don't see your argument.

I don't see yours.  It seems to rest on the assertion that everything
is either a subject or an object.  There's nothing compelling about that
dichotomy.  I might just as well divide the world into subject,object,
event.  It even seems more sensible.  Causation, for example, is
an event, not a subject or an object.  

Furthermore, if subject/object were true dichotomy, i.e.

	Everything is either a subject or an object

Then, is that statement a self-evident truth or not?  If so, then it's 
all in the mind of the beholder, according to the relativist, and hardly 
compelling.  Add to that the fact that the world can quickly be shoved
in its entirety into the "subjective" category by an idealist or 
solipsist argument, and that we have this perfectly good alternate
set of categories (subject, object, event) [which can be reduced
to (subject, object, quality) without any logical difficulty] and why
yes, I guess I *am* denying that self-evident truths are all in the mind of 
the beholder.

#>>If not, what is left of the claim that some moral judgements are true?

All of it.

#>If nothing, then NO moral judgements are true.  This is a thing that
#>is commonly referred to as nihilism.  It entails that science is of
#>no value, irrepective of the fact that some people find it useful.  How
#>anyone arrives at relativism/subjectivism from this argument beats me.
# 
#This makes no sense either.  Flew is arguing that this is where the
#objectivist winds up, not the subjectivist.  Furthermore, the nihilists
#believed in nothing *except* science, materialism, revolution, and the
#People.

I'm referring to ethical nihilism

#>>The subjectivist may well feel that all that remains is that there are
#>>some moral judgements with which he would wish to associate himself.
#>>To hold a moral opinion is, he suggests, not to know something to be
#>>true but to have preferences regarding human activity."
# 
#>And if those preferences should include terrorism, that moral opinion
#>is not true.  Likewise, if the preferences should include noTerrorism,
#>that moral opinion is not true.  Why should one choose a set of
#>preferences which include terrorisim over one which includes
#>noTerrorism?  Oh, no reason.  This is patently absurd....
# 
#And also not the position of the subjectivist, as has been pointed out
#to you already by others.  Ditch the strawman, already, and see my reply
#to Mike Cobb's root message in the thread Societal Basis for Morality.

I've responded over there.  BTW - I don't intend this as a strawman, but
as something logically entailed by relativism (really any ethical system
where values are assumed to be unreal).  It's different to say "Relativists
say..." than "relativism implies...".

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53624
From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <735295730.25282@minster.york.ac.uk>, cjhs@minster.york.ac.uk writes:
|> : Are you saying that their was a physical Adam and Eve, and that all
|> : humans are direct decendents of only these two human beings.?  Then who
|> : were Cain and Able's wives?  Couldn't be their sisters, because A&E
|> : didn't have daughters.  Were they non-humans?
|> 
|> Genesis 5:4
|> 
|> and the days of Adam after he begat Seth were eight hundred years, and
|> he begat sons and daughters:
|> 
|> Felicitations -- Chris Ho-Stuart

Yeah, but these were not the wives.  The wives came from Nod, apparently
a land being developed by another set of gods.

Brian /-|-\

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53625
From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: Room for Metaphor?

I can (and do) take religious writings as a metaphor for life.
I do this with all sorts of fiction, from Beowolf to Deep Space Nine.
The idea is to not limit yourself to one book, screen out the good 
stuff from what you read, and to remember that it is all just a story.  
You sound Buddist to me :^)

Brian /-|-\

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53627
From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: The Universe and Black Holes, was Re: 2000 years.....

In article <1993Apr22.162239@IASTATE.EDU>, kv07@IASTATE.EDU (Warren
Vonroeschlaub) wrote:
> 
> In article <1r5hj0INN14c@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan
> Schneider) writes:
> >Well, suppose a probe emitting radiation at a constant frequency was
> >sent towards a black hole.  As it got closer to the event horizon, the
> >red shift would keep increasing.  The period would get longer and longer,
> >but it would never stop.  An observer would not observe the probe actually
> >reaching the event horizon.  The detected energy from the probe would keep
> >decreasing, but it wouldn't vanish.  Exp(-t) never quite reaches zero.
> 
>   That's kind of what I meant.  To be more precise, given any observer, in any
> single position outside the event horizon, would that observer ever in any way,
> be able to detect the probe having crossed the event horizon?

Yes, unless the observer is at rest with respect to the singularity at
infinite distance away. But an observer on a close approach to the BH will
see the particle go in in finite time.

Peter

Don't forget to sing:
            They say there's a heaven for those who will wait
                Some say it's better, but I say it ain't
        I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
                     The sinners are much more fun
                         Only the good die young!

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53628
From: schnitzi@eustis.cs.ucf.edu (Mark Schnitzius)
Subject: Re: Asimov stamp

battin@cyclops.iucf.indiana.edu (Laurence Gene Battin) writes:

>Apart from the suggestion that appeared in the letters column of
>Skeptical Inquirer recently, has there been any further mention
>about a possible Asimov commemorative stamp?  If this idea hasn't
>been followed up, does anyone know what needs to be done to get
>this to happen?  I think that its a great idea.  Should we start a
>petition or something?

I'm sure all the religious types would get in a snit due
to Asimov's atheism.

Do we have any atheists on stamps now?


Mark Schnitzius
schnitzi@eola.cs.ucf.edu
University of Central Florida

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53629
From: praetzel@sunee.uwaterloo.ca (Eric Praetzel)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <timmbake.735196560@mcl> timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
>
>Nah.  I will encourage people to learn about atheism to see how little atheists
>have up their sleeves.  Whatever I might have suspected is actually quite

Riddle me this.  If a god(s) exist why on earth should we grovel?  Why on earth
should we give a damm at all?  What evidence do you have that if such a
creature(s) exist it deserves anything beyond mild admiration or sheer
hatred for what it/they have done in the past (whichever god(s) you care to
pick).  That is assuming any records of their actions are correct.

Religon offers a bliss bubble of self contained reality which is seperate
from the physical world.  Any belief system can leave you in such a state
and so can drugs.  God(s) are not a requirement.  Only if you remove such
useless tappestry can you build a set of morals to build a society upon.
It is that or keep on exterminating those who don't believe (or converting
them).
  - Eric

NEW VIRUSES:

RIGHT TO LIFE VIRUS:  Won't allow you to delete a file, regardless of
how old it is.  If you attempt to erase a file, it requires you to first
see a counselor about possible alternatives.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53630
From: eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (A.Wainwright)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <C5rEKJ.49y@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
|> James Felder (spbach@lerc.nasa.gov) wrote:
|> 
|> : Logic alert -  argument from incredulity.  Just because it is hard for you 
|> : to believe this doesn't mean that it isn't true.  Liars can be very pursuasive
|> : just look at Koresh that you yourself cite.
|> 
|> This is whole basis of a great many here rejecting the Christian
|> account of things. In the words of St. Madalyn Murrey-O'Hair, "Face it
|> folks, it's just silly ...". Why is it okay to disbelieve because of
|> your incredulity if you admit that it's a fallacy?
|> 
|> Bill

I suppose for the same reason that you do not believe in all the gods.  Why
should any be any different?  I use the same arguments to dismiss Koresh
as I do god.  Tell me, then, why do you not believe that Koresh is the son
of god?  By logic it is equally possible that Koresh is Jesus reborn. 



-- 
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
|  Adda Wainwright        |    Does dim atal y llanw!         8o)         |
|  eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk |   8o)        Mae .sig 'ma ar werth!           |
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53631
From: eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (A.Wainwright)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

In article <C5rLyz.4Mt@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
|> This is fascinating. Atheists argue for abortion,

Prove it.  I am an atheist.  It doesn't mean I am for or against abortion.

|> defend homosexuality
|> as a means of population control, 

An obvious effect of homosexuality is non-procreation.  That, unlike your
statement, is a fact.  Please prove that (a) homosexuality is defended as 
means of population control, (b) being atheist causes you to hold these
beliefs.  I defend homosexuality because (a) what people do with their
bodies is none of my business (b) I defend the equal rights of
all humans.  Do you?

|> insist that the only values are
|> biological 

Define values. Prove your statement.

|> something is contardictory, it cannot exist, which in
|> this case means atheists I suppose.

Prove your statement.  Electrons are waves.  Electrons are particles.  I 
believe in both.  I have physical proof of both.  I have no proof of god(tm)
only an ancient book.  That is not indicative of the existence of a being
with omnipotence or omnipresence.  And, by your own argument, christians
don't exist.


|> I would like to understand how an atheist can object to war (an
|> excellent means of controlling population growth), or to capital
|> punishment, I'm sorry but the logic escapes me.
|> And why just capital punishment, what is being questioned here, the
|> propriety of killing or of punishment? What is the basis of the
|> ecomplaint?
|> 

First of all, your earlier statements have absolutely nothing to do
with your question.  Why did you post them?  To show that athiests,
besides not existing (your view), are more humane than christians/other
religions?


Secondly I am very much for the control of population growth.

The logic that you cannot grasp indicates ignorance of contraception.
But of course, this is 'outlawed' (sometimes literally) by religion
since if it can't create more followers, it will die.

I
|> Bill
|> 

-- 
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
|  Adda Wainwright        |    Does dim atal y llanw!         8o)         |
|  eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk |   8o)        Mae .sig 'ma ar werth!           |
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53632
From: <SMM125@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

jsn104 is jeremy scott noonan

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53633
From: willdb@wam.umd.edu (William David Battles)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <1993Apr16.223250.15242@ncsu.edu> aiken@news.ncsu.edu (Wayne NMI Aiken) writes:
>JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu wrote:
>: YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
>: PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>
>Did someone leave their terminal unattended again?
>
>--
>
>Holy Temple of Mass  $   >>> slack@ncsu.edu <<<    $  "My used underwear
>   Consumption!      $                             $   is legal tender in
>PO Box 30904         $     BBS: (919) 782-3095     $   28 countries!"
>Raleigh, NC  27622   $  Warning: I hoard pennies.  $     --"Bob"

Probably not! The jesus freak's post is probably JSN104@PSUVM. Penn State
is just loaded to the hilt with bible bangers. I use to go there *vomit* and
it was the reason I left. They even had a group try to stop playing 
rock music in the dining halls one year cuz they deemed it satanic. Kampus
Krusade for Khrist people run the damn place for the most part....except
the Liberal Arts departments...they are the safe havens.
-wdb

v
rock music in the dining
t


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53634
From: bakerlj@augustana.edu (LLOYD BAKER)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <735424748.AA00437@therose.pdx.com> Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen) writes:
>From: Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen)
>Subject: some thoughts.
>Date: Wed, 21 Apr 1993 03:25:06 -0800
>
>rh> From: house@helios.usq.EDU.AU (ron house)
>rh> Newsgroups: alt.atheism
>rh> Organization: University of Southern Queensland
>
>rh> bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:
>
>>	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
>
>rh> I _know_ I shouldn't get involved, but...   :-)
>
>rh> [bit deleted]
>
>>	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.
>[rest of rant deleted]
>
>This is a standard argument for fundies.  Can you spot the falicy? The
>statement is arguing from the assumption that Jesus actually existed.  So far,
>they have not been able to offer real proof of that 
existance.  


***************************************************************************
	I just thought it necessary to help defend the point that Jesus 
existed.  Guys: Jesus existed.  If he didnt, then you have to say that 
Socrates didnt exist cuz he, like Jesus, has nothing from his hands that 
have survived.  Only Plato and others record his existance.  Many others 
record Jesus' existance, including the Babylonian Talmud.  Sorry guys, the 
argument that Jesus may not have existed is a dead point now.  He did.  
Whether he was God or whether there is a God is a completely different 
story, however. 
*****************************************************************************


Most of them
>try it using the (very) flawed writings of Josh McDowell and others to prove
>it, but those writers use VERY flawed sources.  (If they are real sources at
>all, some are not.)  When will they ever learn to do real research, instead of
>believing the drivel sold in the Christian bookstores.
>
>rh> Righto, DAN, try this one with your Cornflakes...
>
>rh> The book says that Muhammad was either a liar, or he was
>rh> crazy ( a  modern day Mad Mahdi) or he was actually who he
>rh> said he was. Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as
>rh> follows.  Who would  die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able
>rh> to tell if he was a liar?  People  gathered around him and
>rh> kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing  how his
>rh> son-in-law made the sun stand still.  Call me a fool, but I
>rh> believe  he did make the sun stand still.  
>rh> Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation
>rh> be drawn  to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact
>rh> rediculous.  For example  anyone who is drawn to the Mad
>rh> Mahdi is obviously a fool, logical people see  this right
>rh> away.
>rh> Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have
>rh> been the  real thing.  
>
>Nice rebutal!
>
>                   Alan
>

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53635
From: kax@cs.nott.ac.uk (Kevin Anthoney)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>
>The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
>But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
>you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
>love you. ...

There's a difference between believing in the existence of an entity,
and loving that entity. God _could_ show me directly that he exists,
and I'd still have a free choice about whether to love him or not. So
why doesn't he?
-- 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kevin Anthoney                                         kax@cs.nott.ac.uk
            Don't believe anything you read in .sig files.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53637
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

[to Benedikt Roseneau ]

#In article <1qv6at$fb4@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
#frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
# 
#>#The information of that is invariant under your child being a son or
#>#a daughter and singing about Santa Claus. Wasn't your argument that
#>#"there has to be more"?
#>More than what?
#More than we assume.

Which is what, exactly?

#>(a) Most of the people I debate disagree with my premises.  Hardly debate
#>    otherwise.
# 
#Your favorite point that we sense so it hs to be there has been challenged
#more than once. When I did it, you said, "good question", and did not
#address it.

I've addressed "it" (your caricature is not my "favourite point", needless
to say) at length in a previous outing, and am currently discussing it with 
Eric Rescorla.  

#>(b) There's little point in responding the same points everywhere; I do
#>    my best to give everyone the courtesy of a reply.
# 
#You still repeat that point.

I do? Curious, since I believe that was the first time I've ever made it.
Not that repetition would imply much more than your seeming inability
to understand; you ask me the same question, I'll give you the same
answer, especially when in this case, I know the answer to be true.  I
do my best to give everyone the courtesy of a reply, but if everyone is
making the same points, and I'm pushed for time, then I try to respond what I 
believe are the strongest formulations of those points.  If that doesn't
include your post, tough; this is USENET, and life is tough all over.

#>(c) Since there's a great deal of responses this isn't always feasible;  I
#>    do my best to honestly answer questions put to me.
# 
#You drop out of debates with some posters and continue with others. You appear
#with the same issue every n months, and start the dicussion at the beginning
#again.

I've only debated this issue twice in a.a, and occasionally in t.a.  The
first was in response to Simon Clippingdale's positive assertion that
disagreement about moral values inexorably acknowledges that morals
are relative.  It doesn't.   Now, Simon has dropped out of the debate
for some time; I take that to mean that he is either busy, or bored
with the topic.  I certainly do not accuse him of dishonesty.  Do you? 

#>(d) I can't always understand what you say
# 
#Neither can't I understand you all the time. Usually, one asks what the other
#side means.

Usually, one does.  Usually you're clear, but sometimes you aren't 
and I ask you what you mean; other times you seem to get extremely uptight 
and I feel that I'm debating against line noise.  Sometimes I get tired, and 
sometimes I have other things I'd rather do.  Again, this is USENET, and
life is tough all over.  You're going to have to deal with it.

#>(e) You're starting to get personally insulting; I may not even put your name
#>    in the hat in future.
#
#That's supposed to be a threat?

No, that's a simple statement, and an assertion that I am not answerable
to those who offer me baseless insults.  For example, those who accuse me 
of lying about my personal beliefs, while also complaining that I don't answer
their questions.  

#>#Like that you what you sense is evidence for the sensed to be there.
#>#If only everything would be so easy.
#>
#>What almost everyone senses is evidence for the sensed to be there.
#>Because to all intents and purposes, it *is* there.
#> #We had that argument. For one, your claim that everyone senses it
#is not founded, and you have been asked to give evidence for it often.
#And then, the correct statement would be it is reason to assume that it
#is there unless evidence against it has been found.

I have no problem with the second statement.  I have provided an
argument that almost everyone senses that Freedom is valuable - the
only cogent objection to this came from jon livesey, and was offered
by some other people too: essentially, that people disagree about
fuzzy concepts such as Freedom.  It's a good point, and I'm thinking
about it.
# 
#Your trick is to say, I feel A is not right, and so do many I know,
#therefore A is absolutely right. It neglects the possibility that
#these people consider A to be right as an effect of the same process,
#restricting the claim of its absoluteness to those who have been subject
#of that process. In other words, refutes it. You make the ontological
#claim, you have to prove it.

Nonsense.  My "trick" is to say:  I feel that A is better than B and so 
does almost any disinterested person I ask.  Best evidence is therefore 
that A really is better than B, subject to the assumption that we
can establish to our mutual satisfaction what we mean by A and B, and
that the resulting system of values is self-consistent.

Now get this:  "really is better" is an idealisation, a fictional model,
in the same sense that "real material existence" is a fictional model. It
may or may not correspond to something true.  It is nonetheless a useful
_assumption_.  Far more useful than the equally assumed relativist 
"trick", to wit:

I feel that A is better than B, and so does almost any disinterested person
I ask.  However, if even one person disagrees that A is better than B,
or if even one person dissents from mutually agreed definitions of A and B,
then it is the case that B is better than A for that person, and nothing
more can be said.  

I say this is useless because it inexorably implies that a supermajority
seeking to maximise A cannot morally take action against someone seeking to
maximise B (e.g. a terrorist).  To do that would be to claim that 
a supermajority's carefully considered morality would be better than the 
terrorist's - which would, of course, be true, but a no-no for an ethical
relativist.  To claim that ethical relativism implies anything else is
simply weasel words, and an example of compartmentalisation to rival
anything in the world of religion.

#>#For a similar argument, I sense morality is subjective, it does not
#>#hurt me to do things that are considered to be objectively wrong by
#>#others.
#>
#>If you mean that you do things that some others consider objectively
#>wrong, and it turns out not to be the case for you - of course this
#>is possible.  It is neither evidence for subjectivism, nor evidence
#>against objectivism (except sometimes, in a pragmatic sense).
#>
#It serves as a counterexample for that everything that is subject to
#judgements is absolute. And as long as you don't provide evidence for
#that there is something universally agreed upon there is no reason to
#believe your hypothesis.

I've done this: freedom, with the proviso that I still have to 
answer jon's objection that fuzzy concepts like freedom have no
objective meaning.

#Further, in order to make morality absolute, universal, or objective,
#you would have to show that it is independent of humans, or the attributes
#above look quite misleading.

Not really.  What evidence is there that _anything_ exists independently
of humans?  You'll be hard pressed to find any that isn't logically
equivalent when applied to values.

#>An analogous set of premises would be:
#>
#>Premise 1:  Some people believe that objectively speaking the shortest
#>            route  from my house to a bar is through the main entrance
#>            of the estate, and down the Malahide road.
#>
#>Premise 2:  I checked it out, and found that the shortest route from my
#>            which is much closer.
#>
#>You would never deduce from these that there is no shortest route from my
#>house to a bar; yet that is seemingly how you derive your relativist claim,
#>using premises which are logically no different.
#>
# 
#No. Morals are a matter of belief so far. The people still believe that the
#shortest way is through the main entrance. No agreement on *belief* here.
#And in order to have an analogy you would have to show that there is a
#shortest way and that there is a method to convince everyone of that it
#is the shortest way indeed. In other words,  your analogy works only when
#one assumes that your  premises are right in the first place. If not, it is
#a fallacy.

And if this were an argument for objectivism, you'd be right.  It isn't,
though, it's a demonstration that the argument you gave me is neither argument
*against* objectivism, nor argument *for* relativism.  Your gimmick is to
assume in the first place that values aren't real, and to use this to "prove"
that values aren't real.  In other words, you beg the question against me.

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53638
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

In article <1993Apr20.102306.882@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>In article <1993Apr20.062328.19776@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, 
>dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
>> [...] Actually, I rather like your idea.  Perhaps
>> the rest of the world should have bombed (or maybe missiled) Washington
>> when the US invaded Nicaragua, Grenada, Panama, Vietnam, Mexico, Hawaii,
>> or any number of other places.
>
>Wait a minute, Doug.  I know you are better informed than that.  The US 
>has never invaded Nicaragua (as far as I know).  We liberated Grenada 
>[...]

"Liberate" is the way an invader describes an invasion, including, if
I'm not mistaken, the Iraqi liberation of Kuwait.  Never invaded
Nicaragua?  Only with more word games: can you say "send in the
Marines?"  

>So if you mean by the word "invaded" some sort of military action where
>we cross someone's border, you are right 5 out of 6.  But normally
>"invaded" carries a connotation of attacking an autonomous nation.
>(If some nation "invades" the U.S. Virgin Islands, would they be
>invading the Virgin Islands or the U.S.?)  So from this point of
>view, your score falls to 2 out of 6 (Mexico, Panama).

Oh, good: word games.  If you let the aggressor pick the words,
there's scarcely ever been a reprehensible military action.


>> What's a "peace-nik"?  Is that somebody who *doesn't* masturbate
>> over "Guns'n'Ammo" or what?  Is it supposed to be bad to be a peace-nik?
>
>No, it's someone who believes in "peace-at-all-costs".  In other words,
>a person who would have supported giving Hitler not only Austria and
>Czechoslakia, but Poland too if it could have averted the War.  And one
>who would allow Hitler to wipe all *all* Jews, slavs, and political 
>dissidents in areas he controlled as long as he left the rest of us alone.

That's a convenient technique, much seen on alt.atheism: define those
who disagree with you according to a straw-man extreme that matches
virtually nobody.

>"Is it supposed to be bad to be a peace-nik," you ask?  Well, it depends
>on what your values are.  If you value life over liberty, peace over
>freedom, then I guess not.  But if liberty and freedom mean more to you
>than life itself; if you'd rather die fighting for liberty than live
>under a tyrant's heel, then yes, it's "bad" to be a peace-nik.

Very noble and patriotic.  I'm sure the fine young Americans who
carpet-bombed Iraqi infantry positions from over the horizon,
destroyed Iraq's sewer and water infrastructure from the safety of the
sky or further, or who bulldozed other Iraqi infantry into their
trenches [or more importantly the commanders who ordered them to] were
just thrilled to be risking death (if not risking it by much) in the
defense of the liberty of ... well, wealthy Kuwaitis.  Can't have
those oil-fields under a tyrant's heel if that tyrant is antagonistic
to US interests... 

>The problem with most peace-niks it they consider those of us who are
>not like them to be "bad" and "unconscionable".  I would not have any
>argument or problem with a peace-nik if they held to their ideals and
>stayed out of all conflicts or issues, especially those dealing with 
>the national defense.  But no, they are not willing to allow us to
>legitimately hold a different point-of-view.  

Having pigeon-holed "peace-niks" (in this context, "people who
disagree with me about the conduct of the Gulf War") into
"peace-at-all-cost-hitler-supporting-genocide-abetting-wimps", you can
now express righteous indignation when "they" refuse to fit this mold
and question the conduct of the war on legitimate terms.  HOW DARE
THEY!

>They militate and 
>many times resort to violence all in the name of peace.  (What rank
>hypocrisy!)  

Yes, hypocrisy indeed!  Those violent peace-niks!  (Care to list an
example here?)

>All to stop we "warmongers" who are willing to stand up 
>and defend our freedoms against tyrants, and who realize that to do
>so requires a strong national defense.

Wow: instant '80's nostalgia!  [Of course, "peace-nik" itself is a
'50's Cold War derogatory term equating those who promote pacifism
with Godless Pinko Communists].  Yes indeed, I felt my freedoms
mightily threatened by Iraq... 
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53639
From: MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <1r34n3$hfj@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp writes:

[ Deletia; in case anybody hadn't noticed, Frank and I are debating
  "objective morality", and seemingly hitting semantics. ]

> Secondly,  how can I refute your definition?  I can only point up its
> logical implications, and say that they seem to contradict the usage
> of the word "objective" in other areas.  Indeed, by your definition, an
> objective x is an oxymoron, for all x.  I have no quibble with that
> belief, other than that it is useless, and that "objective" is a perfectly
> good word.

      It may be that, being a non-native English-speaker, I've
misunderstood your usage of "objective", and tried to debate something
you don't assert; my apologies. I'm at a loss to imagine what you really
do mean, though.

>#      How many ages can the universe have, and still be internally self-
>#consistent? I'd be amazed if it was more than one. How many different
>#moral systems can different members of society have - indeed, single
>#individuals, in some cases - and humanity still stick together?
> 
> Begging the question.  People can have many opinions about the age
> of the universe and humanity can still stick together.   You are
> saying that the universe has a _real_ age, independent of my beliefs about
> it.  Why?

      Wrong point. The age of the universe has no direct effect on
humanity's sticking power, in the way the moral system of a society can
have.

      I'm saying the Universe has a "real age", because I see evidence
for it; cosmology, astronomy and so on. I say this age is independent of
people's opinions of it, because I know different people have a lot of
different opinions in the matter, yet empirical tests consistently seem
to give roughly the same results.

>#      The age of the universe, like most scientific facts, can be
>#emirically verified through means that'll give the same result no matter
>#who performs the testing (albeit there are error bars that may be on the
>#largish side...). 
> 
> This assumes that the universe has a real age, or any kind of reality
> which doesn't depend on what we think.

      I can't see how it does that. Put a creationist to the task of
performing the tests and calculations, see to it (s)he makes no blatant
errors in measuring or calculating, and the result of the test will be
the same.

> Why should an extreme Biblical
> Creationist give a rat's ass about the means of which you speak?

      Because logically consistent empirical tests contradict their
opinion. If those tests were just my opinion, then their own tests
(which would then be their opinion) would contradict mine, even if we
conducted said tests in identical manner, no? They don't, which I take
as showing these tests have some validity beyond our opinion of them.

>#I've heard of no way to verify morality in a
>#consistent way, much less compute the errors of the measurement; care to
>#enlighten me?
> 
> The same is true of pain, but painkillers exist, and can be predicted
> to work with some accuracy better than a random guess.

      Map the activity of nerves and neural activity, if you mean
physical pain. You have a sharp point, I'll give you that; but you still
haven't given me a way to quantify morality.

> I wrote
> elsewhere that morality should be hypotheses about observed value.

      We agree. Hypotheses, however, can change; I hold that there is no
"ultimate hypothesis of morality" towards which these changes could
gravitate, but that they could be changed in any way imaginable,
producing different results suitable for different tasks or purposes.

> If a moral system makes a prediction "It will be better if...",
> that can be tested,

      "Better" and "worse" are (almost?) always defined in the context
of a moral system. Your prediction will _always_ be correct, *within*
*that* *moral* *system*. What you need now is an objective definition of
"good" and "bad"; I wish you luck.

>#      People's *ideas* about the age of object X are *not* objective;
>#you can have any idea you like, and I can't stop you. Universae and
>#their ages is another ballgame; they are what they are, and if you
>#dislike some detail of them, that's a problem with your *opinion* of
>#them. 
> 
> Sure.  Assume an objective reality, and you get statements like this.

      Isn't that what _you're_ doing, when assuming an "objectively
real" morality? Besides, what _exactly_ is provably wrong with my
statement?

>#I claim that morality is an opinion of ours, and as such
>#subjective and individual. If I'm wrong, then some more-or-less
>#objectively "real" thing exists, which you label "objective morality";
>#can you back up this positive claim of existence?
> 
> Can you back up your positive claim above?  No.  That's because it's an
> assumption.  I make the same assumption about values, on the basis
> that there is no logical difference between the two, and the empirical
> basis of the two is precisely the same.

      Claiming there is no objective morality is suddenly a positive
claim? Besides, I think I _can_ lend some credence to my claim; ponder
different individuals, both fully functional as human beings and members
of society, but yet with wildly different moral codes. If morality was
"objective", at least one should be way off base, but yet hir
'incorrect' morality seems to function fine. How come?

      As for producing these individuals, it might be easiest to pick
them from different societies; say, an islamic one and some polynesian
matrilineal system, for example (if such still exist).

[ deletia - testing for footballs on desks ]

>#      Now take a look at morality. See anything? If so, please inform me
>#which way to look, and WHY to look that particular way, as opposed to
>#some other. Get my drift?
> 
> No. Just look.  Are you claiming never to know what good means?

      One thing is "good" under some circumstances, because we wish to
achieve some goal, for some reason. Other times we wish to do something
else, and that thing is no longer so clearly "good" at all.

      Some things are hard to make "good", because we'd seldom if ever
wish to achieve the sort of goal mass murder would lead one into. Still,
the Aztecs were doing fine until the Spaniards wiped them out.

      I almost always know what "good" means; sometimes I even know why.
I never claim this "good" is thereby fixed in stone, immutable.

[...]
>#      That's a simple(?) matter of proving the track record of the
>#scientific method.
> 
> I think it's great, and should be applied to values.  I may be completely
> wrong, but that's what I conclude as a result of quite an amount of
> thought.

      Yes, me too, and I've tried a thing or two down that line; it
doesn't look good for objective values to me at all.

-- 
  Disclaimer?   "It's great to be young and insane!"

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53640
From: rsrodger@wam.umd.edu (Yamanari)
Subject: Re: Asimov stamp

In article <schnitzi.735603785@eustis> schnitzi@eustis.cs.ucf.edu (Mark Schnitzius) writes:
>battin@cyclops.iucf.indiana.edu (Laurence Gene Battin) writes:
>
>>Apart from the suggestion that appeared in the letters column of
>>Skeptical Inquirer recently, has there been any further mention
>>about a possible Asimov commemorative stamp?  If this idea hasn't
>>been followed up, does anyone know what needs to be done to get
>>this to happen?  I think that its a great idea.  Should we start a
>>petition or something?
>
>I'm sure all the religious types would get in a snit due
>to Asimov's atheism.
>
>Do we have any atheists on stamps now?


	More to the point, how long are atheists going to be insulted
	by the disgraceful addition of religious blah-blah to our 
	money and out pledge?
-- 
	"What's big, noisy and has an IQ of 8?"

	"Operation Rescue."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53641
From: aiken@unity.ncsu.edu (Wayne NMI Aiken)
Subject: Re: Mottos to replace "In doG we trust"

Andrew Hilmer (hilmera@storm.cs.orst.edu) wrote:
: At the risk of beginning a cascade, I'll start with a possibly cheesy
: good 'ol Uhmericun:

: "Our shield is freedom"

Or, considering what our government has been doing for the past 50 years,
perhaps this would be more appropriate:

     "100% Debt"

--

Holy Temple of Mass  $   >>> slack@ncsu.edu <<<    $  "My used underwear
   Consumption!      $                             $   is legal tender in
PO Box 30904         $     BBS: (919) 782-3095     $   28 countries!"
Raleigh, NC  27622   $  Warning: I hoard pennies.  $     --"Bob"


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53642
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

In article <1r76ek$7uo@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
#In article <1r5ubl$bd6@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
#|> In article <1r4o8a$6qe@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
#|> #
#|> #Noting that a particular society, in this case the mainland UK,
#|> #has few religously motivated murders, and few murders of *any*
#|> #kind, says very little about whether inter-religion murders elsewhere
#|> #are religiously motivated.
#|> 
#|> No, but it allows one to conclude that there is nothing inherent
#|> in all religion (or for that matter, in catholicism and protestantism)
#|> that motivates one to kill.
#
#"Motivates" or "allows?"    The Christian Bible says that one may kill
#under certain circumstances.   In fact, it instructs one to kill under
#certain circumstances.     

I'd say the majority of people have a moral system that instructs them
to kill under certain circumstances.  I do get your distinction between
motivate and allow, and I do agree that if a flavour of theism 'allows'
atoricities, then that's an indictment of that theism.  But it rather
depends on what the 'certain circumstances' are.  When you talk about
Christianity, or Islam, then at least your claims can be understood.
It's when people go to a general statement about theism that it falls
apart.  One could believe in a God which instructs one to be utterly
harmless.
#
#|> For my part, I conclude that something
#|> else is required.  I also happen to believe that that something
#|> else will work no less well without religion - any easy Them/Us will
#|> do.
#
#And what does religion supply, if not an easy Them/Us?

Not necessarily.  "Love thy neighbour" does not supply a them/us - it
demolishes it.  And my definition of religion is broader than my
definition of theism, as I have explained.
#
#|> #By insisting that even the murder of four labourers, chosen because
#|> #they were catholics, and who had nothing to do with the IRA, by 
#|> #Protestant extremists, is *not* religously motivated, I think what 
#|> #you are saying is that you simply will not accept *any* murder as 
#|> #being religiously motivated.
#|> 
#|> No.  What about that guy who cut off someone's head because he believed 
#|> he was the devil incarnate?  That was religously motivated.
#
#What about the Protestant extremists who killed four Catholic 
#labourers?     That *wasn't* religiously motivated?

Not in my opinion.  If they were doing it because of some obscure
point of theology, then yes.  But since all protestants don't do this
(nor do they elect extremists to do it for them), it's just too broad
too say "religion did this".  I'm saying that the causes are far more
complex than that - take away the religious element, and you'd still
have the powerful motives of revenge and misguided patriotism.  You
know, when most Catholics and Protestants worldwide say 'stop the 
killing', one might listen to that, especially when you claim not
to read minds.
#
#
#|> Also, the murders ensuing from the fatwa on Mr. Rushdie, the Inquisitions,
#|> and the many religous wars.
#
#What's so special about these exceptions?    Isn't this all just a
#grab-bag of ad-hoc excuses for not considering some other murders
#to be religiously motivated?    What's the general principle behind
#all this?

The general principle is that it's fairly clear (to me, at least) that
religion is the primary motivator (enabler, whatever) of these.  It's
not nearly so obvious what's going on when one looks at NI, apart
from violence of course.
#
#|> #It's not an abstract "argument".   Northern Irish Protestants say
#|> #"We don't want to be absorbed into am officially Catholic country."
#|> #
#|> #Now what are we supposed to do?   Are we supposed to reply "No,
#|> #that's only what you think you don't want.   Mr O'Dwyer assures us
#|> #that no matter what you say you want, you really want something 
#|> #else?"
#|> 
#|> You think the Unionists wouldn't mind being absorbed into a non-Catholic 
#|> country (other than the UK of course)?   It's a terrible thing to lose
#|> a mind.   Maybe the word "country" is there for more than just kicks.
#|> I certainly don't believe that the Unionists are in it for God - I think
#|> they wish to maintain their position of privilege.
#
#I'm still listening to what they say, and you are still telling us 
#your version of what they think.   You read minds, and I don't.

You've speculated on my motives often enough, and you don't take
my statements of my own beliefs at face value - therefore your claim 
not to read minds has no credibility with me, sorry.   I also note that 
you fail to answer my question.  It just looks to me very much like
you have an axe to grind - especially as you are indeed ignoring what 
most Protestants say - which is @stop the killing".  The people you
refer to are properly described as Unionists, not Protestants.
#
#As for their position of privilege, what is that if not religion-
#based?

It is based on politics, bigotry, and heartless extremism.  None of these
things are synonymous with religion, though there is certainly some
overlap.


-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53644
From: bobbe@vice (Robert Beauchaine;6086;59-323;LP=A;YAyG)
Subject: Re: Asimov stamp

In article <schnitzi.735603785@eustis> schnitzi@eustis.cs.ucf.edu (Mark Schnitzius) writes:
>
>I'm sure all the religious types would get in a snit due
>to Asimov's atheism.
>
>Do we have any atheists on stamps now?
>
>
  Due to a discussion on this group some time ago, the theists would
  more likely take an Asimov quote out of context and paint him as
  the biggest Bible thumpin', God fearin', atheist hatin' christian
  you ever laid eyes on.  Right up there with Einstein.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53645
From: bobbe@vice (Robert Beauchaine;6086;59-323;LP=A;YAyG)
Subject: More Best of A.A



			RAPTURE - OCTOBER 28, 1992

		WHAT TO DO IN CASE YOU MISS THE RAPTURE

I. STAY CALM AND DO NOT PANIC

	Your natural reaction once you realize what has just occurred is to
panic.  But to do so is absolutely useless now.  If you had wanted to get right
with God before the rapture, you could have, but you chose to wait.  Now your 
only chance is to stay on this earth and to endure to the end of the 
Tribulation.  "But he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be 
saved." - Matthew 24:13

II. REALIZE YOU ARE NOW LIVING DURING THE GREAT TRIBULATION

	The Great Tribulation is a seven year period starting from the time of
the rapture until Christ's second coming.  Also know as "the time of Jacob's
(Israel's) trouble" (Jere 30:7) and "Daniel's Seventieth Week" (Dan 9), this 
period will be unparalleled in trouble and horror.

III. GATHER AS MANY BIBLES AS YOU CAN AND HIDE THEM

	Soon after the Antichrist becomes the leader of the European Community 
(the revived Roman Empire), Bibles will be confiscated and owning a Bible will
be tantamount to treason.  The Bible, however, will be your most valuable 
possession during the Tribulation.

IV. READ THE BIBLE LIKE YOU HAVE NEVER READ IT BEFORE IN YOUR LIFE

	Since all of your Bibles may be confiscated, even if you are careful, it
is imperative that you read the Word until you memorize whole passages and can
quote them.  It is especially important to read Daniel, Luke 21, Matthew 24, 
Revelation, and Amos, for these books describe the events you can expect to
unfold before you.  

V. PRAY LIKE YOU HAVE NEVER PRAYED BEFORE IN YOUR LIFE

	Pray until the power of God comes strongly upon you - pray and pray 
and pray.  Only by reading the Word and praying will you gain the spiritual 
strength to be able to withstand the torture you may have to endure for the
sake of Christ.  

VI. DO NOT TAKE THE MARK AT ANY COST - EVEN IN FIT MEANS YOU AND YOUR LOVED
ONES DIE AS MARTYRS

	After the Antichrist becomes the leader of the European Community, he
will institute a world economic system, designed so that you cannot buy, sell,
or eat unless you take his mark or the number of his name.  Money will be
useless.  "And he causes all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and 
slave, to receive a mark on their right hand or on their foreheads, and that
no one may buy or sell except one who has the mark or the name of the beast, 
or the number of his name.  Here is wisdom.  Let him who has understanding
calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man: His number
is 666" - Revelation 13:16-18.  
	The Antichrist will implement the greatest slaughter in all of 
humanity.  Think of the various ways people have been tortured and killed
in the past, such as the Holocaust.
[or maybe the crusades? -M]
You cannot even imagine the horror that will take place under the Antichrist's
rule; it will be much worse than anything in history (Matt 24:21) "...I saw
under the altar the souls of those who had been slain for the word of God and
for the testimony which they held.  And a white robe was given to each of 
them: and it was said to them that they should rest a little while longer, 
until both the number of the fellow servants and their brethren, who would be
killed as they were, was completed." Revelation 6:9, 11.
	His targets will be Jews and Christians who do not worship his image
or take the mark on their forehead or right hadn/ "...And I saw the souls of 
those who had been beheaded for their witness to Jesus and for the word of 
God, who had not worshiped the beast or his image, and had not received his mark
on their foreheads or on the hands." - Revelation 20:4.  He will use every
form of torture and humiliation in order to force you to renounce Christ.  Nor
will he hesitate to use your loved ones against you, even your children, 
torturing and killing them in front of you so that you will be tempted to take
the mark.  
	If you take the mark or worship the Antichrist or his image, however,
you will be consigned to the second death, which is the Lake of Fire.
[Sung about so eloquently by Johnny Cash...-M]
You cannot be redeemed.  It is better to endure torture for a short while and
gain eternal life then [sic] to endure eternal torment in the Ring^H^H^H^H Lake
of Fire.  "...If anyone worships the Beast and his image, and receives his 
mark on his forehead or on his hand, he himself shall also drink the wine of
the wrath of God, which is poured out full strength into the cup of His 
indignation.  An [sic] he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the 
presence of the holy angels and in the presence of the Lamb." -Revelation 
14:9-10 

[and probably in the presence of season-ticket holders; special hats given to
the first 5,000 at the stadium --M] 

VII. SET A PLAN IN MOTION FOR SURVIVAL

	Although you may not be able to hide from the Antichrist's government
until the end of the Tribulation, all of the time you gain in hiding is 
important for your spiritual growth and strengthening, since only those who are
extremely strong in Christ can suffer and die for His sake.
	The first thing to do is move out of the city and into a rural or
mountainous area, for the Antichrist's control will come last to the least
populated areas.  Take a good radio or TV with you so that you can stay 
attuned to events and discern the time schedule of the Tribulation.
["As you can see on the weather map, heavy currents of Tribulation will sweep
into our area by daybreak.  Expect delays on I-95 outbound, and perhaps school
closings" --M] 
Store water and food, because you will not be able to purchase anything without
the mark.  Water in lakes and streams will be polluted by radioactive waste
from nuclear warfare and will eventually turn into blood.
[Get a good water filter. --M]
Bring different types of clothing for all seasons, as well as flashlights,
batteries, generators, and First Aid supplies.  In short, learn how to 
survive and live off the land as the pioneers did.

VIII. TRUST NO ONE
	
	There will be secret agents everywhere, spying for the Antichrist's
government.  Be on the lookout.
[Perot supporters take note --M]

IX. WATCH FOR THE ANTICHRIST

	It is important to realize who the Antichrist is and what he is up to,
for he will deceive many into thinking that he is a great world leader who will
bring peace and prosperity to a world hungry for it.  We can infer from Daniel 
11 certain characteristics of this man.  Popular during the first three and a
half years of the Tribulation, he will dominate the airwaves.  He will be 
physically appealing, highly intelligent, with Christ-like charisma and 
personality.  An international politician, military tactician and economic
expert, his word will be peace; he will make a treaty with the Jews, which
he will break after three and a half years.  He will have such supernatural 
power that a mortal wound to his head will be healed.  Even the very elect will
be deceived.  If you do not pray and read the Bible, you too will be deceived.
[Dominate the airwaves?  Perhaps Howard Stern or Rush Limbaugh...-M]
	The antichrist will have a companion, the False Prohphet [sic], who
will make an image in the likeness of the Antichrist and cause it to speak.  
All who refuse to worhsip [sic] the image will be killed.  The final three and
a half years will be absolutely insane, with demonized spirits everywhere.

X. DO NOT GIVE UP HOPE!

	The seven years of Tribulation will end with the triumphant return of
Christ.  The Antichrist will be defeated.  Be steadfast and endure, and you 
will be rewarded greatly in Heaven.  
	Start reading the Bible and praying fervently now.  The salvation of 
your sould depends upon it.  Determine that, come what may, you will not take
the mark or worship the Antichrist.  You still have a chance to be saved or
remain saved, but this time you will have to be "faithful unto death."

	May God find you ready in the hour of his glorious return!

******************************************************************************
Mike Cluff				*  "Christianity is Stupid.
v22964qs@ubvms or mike%luick@ubvms	*   Give up." -Negativland
UB Language Perception Laboratory	*  
******************************************************************************


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53649
From: klap@dirac.phys.ualberta.ca (Kevin Klapstein)
Subject: Re: Are atoms real? 

In article <C5uE4t.G4K@news.rich.bnr.ca> bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain  
(Brian Cash) writes:
> Petri and Mathew,
> 
> Your discusion on the "reality" of atoms is interesting, but it
> would seem that you are verging on the question "Is anything real":
> that is, since observation is not 100% reliable, how can we say
> that anything is "real".  I don't think this was the intention
> of the original question, since you now define-out the word
> "real" so that nothing can meet its criteria.
> Just a thought.
> 
> Brian /-|-\
> 
> PS  Rainbows and Shadows are "real": they are not objects, they
> are phenomenon.  An interesting question would be if atoms
> are objects (classical) or phenomenon (neo-quantum) or what?

I've been following this train of talk, and the question of dismissing atoms as  
being in some sense "not real" leaves me uneasy.

It seems to be implied that we obseve only the effects, and therefore the  
underlying thing is not necessarily real.  The tree outside my window is in  
this category... is observe the light which bounces off of it, not the tree  
itself.  The observation is indirect, but no more so than observations I have  
made of atoms.

Also, what about observations and experiments that have been routinely done  
with individual atoms.  I am thinking in particular of atom trapping  
experiments and tests of fundamental quantum mechanics such as the quantum Zeno  
effect, where an individual atom is studied for a long period of time.

Some of the attempts at quantum mechanical arguments were not very satisfying  
either.  One has to be carefull about making such arguments without a solid  
technical background in the field.  What I read seemed a little confused a  
quite a red herring.

Anyway, if the purpose of a public debate is to make the audience think, it  
worked.  After doing so, I'm willing to try to defend the following assertion  
if anyone cares:

Atoms are as real as trees, and are real in the ussual every-day sense of the  
word "real".


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53650
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <kmr4.1696.735588167@po.CWRU.edu>, kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>In article <1r98voINNr9q@lynx.unm.edu> cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl) writes:
>
>>> The myth to which I refer is the convoluted counterfeit athiests have
>>> created to make religion appear absurd. 
>>

You don't need any counterfeit athiest's myth to make religion
appear absurd.  You need only read any of friendly Christian
Bill Conner's posts.

-- 
 jim halat         halat@bear.com     
bear-stearns       --whatever doesn't kill you will only serve to annoy you--
   nyc             i speak only for myself





Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53654
From: dewey@risc.sps.mot.com (Dewey Henize)
Subject: Re: sci.skeptic.religion (Was: Why ALT.atheism?)

In article <93103.071613J5J@psuvm.psu.edu> John A. Johnson <J5J@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
>
>Standard groups (sci, soc, talk) must conform to stricter rules when being
>established and must show a certain volume of postings or else they will
>cease to exist.  These groups also reach more sites on USENET than alt
>groups.  I already posted my opinion to mathew's suggestion, which was that
>alt.atheism is on the verge of having too many garbage postings from
>fundies, and "elevating" its status to a standard group (and consequently,
>the volume of such postings) could make it unreadable.

I tend to agree.  I came here when it first started and watched it grow
from the roots on talk.religion.misc.  It seemed to take a while for enough
atheists to come forward to get past the "Let's trash Xians" and such.
Now there's a stable core, and frankly there's a feeling that this is
_our_ group.

If we go mainstream, we're going to be in a lot more places.  And every
fucking fundy loonie freshman will be dumping on us to find Jeesus! and
warn us that we're all going to Hell.

Want to see what we'll get?  Go real alt.fan.brother-jed and imagine that
those imbecilic tirades will be here.  All the time.  Every other post.

I'm being selfish.  I find I really learn a lot here and the S/N isn't too
bad.  The Browns and the Boobys are a distraction, but they are few enough
that they even bring in some of the leavening needed to offset them.  But
I greatly fear that mainstreaming would basically put us at the swamping
level of the Conners of the world.

Regards,
Dew
-- 
Dewey Henize Sys/Net admin RISC hardware (512) 891-8637 pager 928-7447 x 9637

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53655
From: dewey@risc.sps.mot.com (Dewey Henize)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie


Is it just me, or has this part gotten beyond useful?

Gregg is not, as I understand his posts, giving any support to the bounty
on Rushdie's life.  If that's correct, end of one point...

Gregg is using the concept of legal in a way most Westerners don't accept.
His comments about Islamic Law I think make a great deal of sense to him,
and are even making a _little_ sense to me now - if a person is a member
of a group (religion or whatever) they bind themselves to follow the ways
of the group within the bounds of what the group requires as a minimum.
The big bone of contention here that I'm picking up is that in the West
we have secular governments that maintain, more or less, a level of control
and of requirements outside the requirements of optional groups.  I think
the majority of us reading this thread are in tune (note - I didn't say
"in agreement") with the idea that you are finally responsible to the
secular government,  and within that to the group or groups a person may
have chosen.

With that in mind, it not possible under secular law ("legally" as most
people would define the term) to hold a person to a particular group once
they decide to separate from it.  Only if the secular authorities agree
that there is a requirement of some sort (contractual, etc) is there
any secular _enforcement_ allowed by a group to a group member or past
group member.

A religion can, and often does, believe in and require additional duties
of a group member.  And it can enforce the fulfillment of those duties
in many ways - ostracism is common for example.  But the limit comes when
the enforcement would impose unwanted and/or unaccepted onus on a person
_in conflict with secular law_.

This is the difference.  In a theocracy, the requirements of the secular
authorities are, by definition, congruent with the religious authorities.
Outside a theocracy, this is not _necessarily_ true.  Religious requirements
_may_ coincide or may not.  Similiarly, religious consequences _may_ or
may not coincide with secular consequences (if any).

Regards,

Dew
-- 
Dewey Henize Sys/Net admin RISC hardware (512) 891-8637 pager 928-7447 x 9637

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53656
From: dewey@risc.sps.mot.com (Dewey Henize)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr15.212943.15118@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:
[deletions]
>
>The fatwa was levelled at the person of Rushdie - any actions of
>Rushdie that feed the situation contribute to the legitimization of
>the ruling. The book remains in circulation not by some independant
>will of its own but by the will of the author and the publishers. The fatwa
>against the person of Rushdie encompasses his actions as well. The
>crime was certainly a crime in progress (at many levels) and was being
>played out (and played up) in the the full view of the media.
>
>P.S. I'm not sure about this but I think the charge of "shatim" also
>applies to Rushdie and may be encompassed under the umbrella
>of the "fasad" ruling.

If this is grounded firmly in Islam, as you claim, then you have just
exposed Islam as the grounds for terrorism, plain and simple.

Whether you like it or not, whether Rushdie acted like a total jerk or
not, there is no acceptable civilized basis for putting someone in fear
of their life for words.

It simply does not matter whether his underlying motive was to find the
worst possible way he could to insult Muslims and their beliefs, got that?
You do not threaten the life of someone for words - when you do, you
quite simply admit the backruptcy of your position.  If you support
threatening the life of someone for words, you are not yet civilized.

This is exactly where I, and many of the people I know, have to depart
from respecting the religions of others.  When those beliefs allow and
encourage (by interpretation) the killing of non-physical opposition.

You, or I or anyone, are more than privledged to believe that someone,
whether it be Rushdie or Bush or Hussien or whover, is beyond the pale
of civilized society and you can condemn his/her soul, refuse to allow
any members of your association to interact with him/her, _peacably_
demonstrate to try to convince others to disassociate themselves from
the "miscreants", or whatever, short of physical force.

But once you physically threaten, or support physical threats, you get
much closer to your earlier comparison of rape - with YOU as the rapist
who whines "She asked for it, look how she was dressed".

Blaming the victim when you are unable to be civilized doesn't fly.

Dew
-- 
Dewey Henize Sys/Net admin RISC hardware (512) 891-8637 pager 928-7447 x 9637

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53657
From: karner@austin.ibm.com (F. Karner)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.


In article <1993Apr20.195907.10765@mks.com>, mike@mks.com (Mike Brookbank) writes:
> In article <1993Apr15.151122.4746@mac.cc.macalstr.edu> acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu writes:
> >In article <bissda.4.734849678@saturn.wwc.edu>, bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:
> >> die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  
> >
> I light of yesterday's events in Waco, Texas I guess the answer to your
> questions are very obvious.  If you think Waco is just one example think
> back to 1972 in Jonestown where more than 900 people died for a lie.
> 
Deletions...

Correction.  I think it was 1978.  Also, contrary to earlier belief, it
is now widely accepted that not all committed suicide, but were actually
killed.  In the end, they did die for a lie, but some not out of
conviction alone.  Thought I try to make this point clear.
-- 

         DISCLAIMER: The opinions expressed in this posting are mine
            solely and do not represent my employer in any way.
       F. A. Karner AIX Technical Support | karner@austin.vnet.ibm.com

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53658
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Islam and Sufism (was Re: Move the Islam discussions...)

(Short reply to Kent Sandvik's post remarking how it is strange that
somehow Sufism is related to Islam, as [to him] they seem quite
different.)

If one really understands Islam, it is not strange that Sufism is
associated with it.  In fact, Sufism is (in general) seen as the "inner
dimension" of Islam.

One of the "roots" of the word "Islam" is "submission" -- "Islam"
denotes submission to God.  Sufism is the most complete submission to
God imaginable, in "annihilating" oneself in God.

(I am not a Sufi or on the Sufi path, but have read a lot and recently
have been discussing a number of things with others who are on the Sufi
path.)

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53660
From: jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only)
Subject: Nicknames

In article <UfnYJ2a00VoqIT9VpA@andrew.cmu.edu> nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu (Nanci Ann Miller) writes:
>jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only) writes:
>> Welcome.  I am the official keeper of the list of nicknames that people
>> are known by on alt.atheism (didn't know we had such a list, did you).
>> Your have been awarded the nickname of "Buckminster."  So the next time
>> you post an article, sign with your nickname like so:
>> Dave "Buckminster" Fuller.  Thanks again.
>> 
>> Jim "Humor means never having to say you're sorry" Copeland
>
>Of course, the list has to agree with the nickname laws laid down by the
>GIPU almost 2000 years ago (you know... the 9 of them that were written on
>the iron tablets that melted once and had to be reinscribed?).  Since I am
>a prophet of the GIPU I decree that you should post the whole list of
>nicknames for the frequent posters here!

If the first rule of humor is never having to say you're sorry then the 
second rule must be never having to explain yourself.  Few things are 
worse that a joke explained.  In spite of this, and because of requests
for me to post my list o' nicknames, I must admit that no such list
exists.  It was simply a plot device, along with me being the keeper
o' the list, to make the obvious play on the last name of Fuller and to
advance the idea that such a list should be made.

I assumed that the ol' timers would recognize it for what it is.  
Nevertheless, how about a list o' nicknames for alt.atheism posters?
If you think of a good one, just post it and see if others like it.
We could start with those posters who annoy us the most, like Bobby or
Bill.

Jim "D'oh! I broke the second rule of humor" Copeland
--
If God is dead and the actor plays his part                    | -- Sting,
His words of fear will find their way to a place in your heart | History
Without the voice of reason every faith is its own curse       | Will Teach Us
Without freedom from the past things can only get worse        | Nothing

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53661
From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War

In article <930414.121019.7E4.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
> rush@leland.Stanford.EDU (Voelkerding) writes:
>>In article <1993Apr12.143834.26803@seachg.com> chrisb@seachg.com (Chris
>>Blask) writes:
>>>Add to this the outrageous cost of putting someone to death (special cell
>>>block, years of court costs, extra guards...) and the benefits of the death
>>>penalty entirely disappear.
>> 
>> That's because of your earlier claim that the one innocent death
>> overrides the benefit of all the others.  Obviously it's tragic,  but
>> it is no argument for doing away with the death penalty.  If we went
>> to war and worried about accidentally killing civilians all of the time
>> (because our determination of who the enemy really is is imperfect), then
>> there is no way to win the war.
> 
> Yes.  Fortunately we have right-thinking folks like your good self in power,
> and it was therefore deemed acceptable to slaughter tens or even hundreds of
> thousands of Iraqis in order to liberate oil^H^H^HKuwait.  We won the war,
> hurrah hurrah!

The number of civilian Iraqi deaths were way over-exaggerated and 
exploited for anti-war emotionalism by the liberal news media.  The
facts are that less Iraqis died in the Gulf War than did civilians 
in any other war of comparable size this century!  This was due mostly
to the short duration coupled with precise surgical bombing techniques
which were technically possible only recently.

The idea that "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi citizens died is
ludicrous.  Not even "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi soldiers died,
and they were the ones being targeted!  Or do you think that the US
and its allies were specifically out to kill and maim Iraqi civilians?
Either the smart bombs didn't hit their targets (and we know they did),
or they were targeting civilian targets (!) which is hardly condusive to
destroying Iraq's military potential.  The military mission planners are
not fools, they know they have to hit *military* targets to win a war.
Hitting civilian targets does nothing but unite the people against you,
not a laudable goal if one wants the people to rise up against their
tyrant-dictator. 
> 
> OK, so some innocent people died.  Yes, maybe the unarmed civilians fleeing
> along that road didn't need to be bombed to bits.  Perhaps that kid with half
> his face burned off and the little girl with the mangled legs weren't
> entirely guilty.  But it's worth the death of a few innocents to save the
> oil^H^H^Hlives of the Kuwaiti people, isn't it?  After all, the Iraqis may
> not have had a chance to vote for Saddam, but they showed their acceptance of
> his regime by not assassinating him, right?  All that surrendering and
> fleeing along open roads was just a devious ploy.  We were entirely within
> our rights to bomb 'em just in case, without finding out if they were
> soldiers.

How about all the innocent people who died in blanket-bombing in WW2?
I don't hear you bemoaning them!  War is never an exact science, but
with smart bombs, it's becoming more exact with a smaller percentage
of civilian casualties.  Sometimes mistakes are made; targets are
misidentified; innocents die.  That's war the way it really is.
But the alternative, to allow tyrannical dictators to treat the earth
like it's one big rummage sale, grabbing everything they can get is
worse.  Like Patrick Henry said some 217 years ago, "I know not what
course others may take -- but as for me, give me liberty, or give me
death!"  War is always the price one must be willing to pay if one
wishes to stay free.   

> 
>> The death penalty was conceived as a deterrent to crime,  but the legal
>> shenanigans that have been added (automatic appeals, lengthy court
>> battles, etc.) have relegated that purpose to a very small part of what
>> it should be.  Hence the question is,  do we instate the death penalty as
>> it was meant to be, and see if that deters crime, or do we get rid of
>> it entirely?
> 
> Yes, let's reinstate the death penalty the way it ought to be.  All that shit
> about fair trials and a court of appeals just gets in the way of justice. 
> Let's give the police the absolute right to gun down the guilty, and save
> ourselves the expense of all those lawyers.
> 
> Think of the knock-on benefits, too.  LA would never have had to spend so
> much money cleaning up after riots and holding showcase trials if the cops
> had been allowed to do their job properly.  A quick bullet through the head
> of Rodney King and another for the cameraman, and everyone would have been
> saved a great deal of unnecessary paperwork and expense.
> 
> After all, if the police decide a man's guilty, that ought to be enough.  The
> fact that the death penalty has been shown not to have any deterrent effect
> over imprisonment, well, that's entirely irrelevant.
> 
> 
> mathew
> -- 

Mathew, your sarcasm is noted but you are completely off-base here.
You come off sounding like a complete peace-nik idiot, although I
feel sure that was not your intent.

So the Iraqi war was wrong, eh?  I'm sure that appeasement would have
worked better than war, just like it did in WW2, eh?  I guess we
shouldn't have fought WW2 either -- just think of all those innocent
German civilians killed in Dresden and Hamburg.  How about all the poor 
French who died in the crossfire because we invaded the continent?  We 
should have just let Hitler take over Europe, and you'd be speaking
German instead of English right now.

Tyrants like Hussein *have* to be stopped.  His kind don't understand
diplomacy; they only understand the point of a gun.  My only regret is
that Bush wimped out and didn't have the military roll into Baghdad, so
now Hussein is still in power and the Iraqi people's sacrifice (not to
mention the 357 Americans who died) was for naught.  Liberating Kuwait 
was a good thing, but wiping Hussein off the map would've been better!

And as for poor, poor Rodney King!  Did you ever stop and think *why*
the jury in the first trial brought back a verdict of "not guilty"?
Those who have been foaming at the mouth for the blood of those
policemen certainly have looked no further than the video tape.
But the jury looked at *all* the evidence, evidence which you and I
have not seen.  When one makes a judgment without the benefit of a
trial where evidence can be presented on both sides, one has simply
lowered himself to the level of vigilante justice, a state-of-mind
which your sarcasm above seemingly spoke against, but instead tends
to support in the case against the policemen.  

Law in this country is intended to protect the rights of the accused,
whether they be criminals or cops.  One is not found guilty if there is
a reasonable doubt of one's guilt, and only the jury is in a position
to assess the evidence and render a verdict.  Anyone else is simply
succumbing to verbal vigilantism.
       
Regards,

Jim B.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53663
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In <1993Apr19.140316.14872@cs.nott.ac.uk> eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (A.Wainwright) writes:

>In article <1993Apr19.112706.26911@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:

>|> (Great respect or love for a particular person does not equal a form of
>|> "theism".)
>|> 
>|>  Fred Rice
>|>  darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

>Hmm.  What about Jesus?

Sure, a person could have great respect for Jesus and yet be an 
atheist.  (Having great respect for Jesus does not necessarily mean 
that one has to follow the Christian [or Muslim] interpretation of 
his life.) 

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53664
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Atheism survey

I replied to this query via e-mail, but I think there are some
issues that are worth discussing in public.

MTA (mtabbott@unix.amherst.edu) wrote:
> I am doing research on atheism, part of which involves field research here
> on the net.  The following is a survey directed towards all readers of this
> group, intended to get data about the basis of atheistic belief.

I would recommend you to take a look at

1) your dictionary
2) alt.atheism FAQ files

to notice that atheism is _not_ a belief system, and what is common
to all atheists is not a belief, but a _lack of belief in deities_.
I cannot imagine how anyone could do research on atheism without
paying careful attention to this issue. 

> First of all, I've tried to structure questions that can be answered in a
> variety of ways, with varying amounts of detail; it's possible to give 
> succinct answers to most everything, but there's enough here to keep most of 
> you typing for hours, I'm sure.

IMHO, this is a poor method to do any real survey, although I'm sure the
replies might keep you amused for hours.

> Also, I tend to use a lot of anthropological buzzwords like "belief system"
> although I know some of you might contend that you don't have ANY beliefs
> , but
> are skeptical towards everything.  I understand; but you know what I mean.
> Think of such buzzwords as abbreviations for the rather unweildy phrases 
> required to get the precise idea across.  

No, I do _not_ know what you mean. If you are surveying our individual
philosophies, fine, but that's not strictly atheism. Atheism is not
just another, godless version of the theistic explanations for life,
the universe and everything. It is not a belief system, and it could
hardly be called a philosophical system.

Once more: Atheism is characterised by lack of belief in deities. 
Do not twist the meaning, or assume that we have some kind of
philosophy we all agree on.

Some comments on your questions:

> What contact with other atheists have you had; before and after (and during)
> your "conversion" to atheism?  (Certainly your involvement with alt.atheism
> counts -- how have net discussions affected your beliefs?)  

I would also like to hear more about this. Have we been able to 'convert'
anyone?

> Are you convinced that your beliefs were acquired through wholly rational
> means (proofs of the non-existence of God, etc), or was it perhaps, at least 
> in part, through other means (alienation from mainstream religion, etc)?  

This question contains a contradiction in terms. _Beliefs_ 
cannot be acquired rationally - if they could, they would not be 
beliefs! You also seem to have rather strange ideas of how people become
atheists - those who are alienated from religion do not necessarily
become atheists, they just think very little about religion. It seems
it requires a considerable time of honest inquiry to find out that
religions are actually intellectually dishonest virtual realities.

Those who have never had beliefs will certainly find this question
quite odd - how can lack of belief be acquired? When did I acquire
lack of belief in the Easter Bunny? (I did believe in Santa, though ;-))

> To what extent do you feel you "understand" the universe through your 
> beliefs? What phenomena of the universe and of human existence (anything
> from physical phenomena to the problem of the existence of evil in human
> affairs) do you feel are adequately dealt with by your beliefs, and where
> are they lacking as an explanatory method?  

This question does not make any sense, since atheism does not deal with
these issues - it is not a worldview, or a philosophy, or a belief system.

Sigh, why haven't I seen a good, well-thought survey in the Usenet
for three years... and what is the point of doing surveys in the net,
anyway? Just to abstract some opinions?

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53667
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Theism and Fanatism (was: Islamic Genocide)

In article <16BB7B863.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
#In article <1r0sn0$3r@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
#frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
# 
#>|>#>#Theism is strongly correlated with irrational belief in absolutes. Irrational
#>|>#>#belief in absolutes is strongly correlated with fanatism.
# 
#(deletion)
# 
#>|Theism is correlated with fanaticism. I have neither said that all fanatism
#>|is caused by theism nor that all theism leads to fanatism. The point is,
#>|theism increases the chance of becoming a fanatic. One could of course
#>|argue that would be fanatics tend towards theism (for example), but I just
#>|have to loook at the times in history when theism was the dominant ideology
#>|to invalidate that conclusion that that is the basic mechanism behind it.
#>
#>IMO, the influence of Stalin, or for that matter, Ayn Rand, invalidates your
#>assumption that theism is the factor to be considered.
# 
#Bogus. I just said that theism is not the only factor for fanatism.
#The point is that theism is *a* factor.

That's your claim; now back it up.  I consider your argument as useful
as the following:  Belief is strongly correlated with fanaticism.  Therefore
belief is *a* factor in fanaticism.  True, and utterly useless.  (Note, this
is *any* belief, not belief in Gods)

#>Gullibility,
#>blind obedience to authority, lack of scepticism, and so on, are all more
#>reliable indicators.  And the really dangerous people - the sources of
#>fanaticism - are often none of these things.  They are cynical manipulators
#>of the gullible, who know precisely what they are doing.
# 
#That's a claim you have to support. Please note that especially in the
#field of theism, the leaders believe what they say.

If you believe that, you're incredibly naive.

#>Now, *some*
#>brands of theism, and more precisely *some* theists, do tend to fanaticism,
#>I grant you.  To tar all theists with this brush is bigotry, not a reasoned
#>argument - and it reads to me like a warm-up for censorship and restriction
#>of religious freedom.  Ever read Animal Farm?
#>
#That's a straw man. And as usually in discussions with you one has to
#repeat it: Read what I have written above: not every theism leads to
#fanatism, and not all fanatism is caused by theism. The point is,
#there is a correlation, and it comes from innate features of theism.

No, some of it comes from features which *some* theism has in common
with *some* fanaticism.    Your last statement simply isn't implied by
what you say before, because you're trying to sneak in "innate features
of [all] theism".  The word you're groping for is "some".

#Gullibility, by the way, is one of them.

No shit, Sherlock.  So why not talk about gullibility instead of theism,
since it seems a whole lot more relevant to the case you have, as opposed
to the case you are trying to make?

#And to say that I am going to forbid religion is another of your straw
#men. Interesting that you have nothing better to offer.

I said it reads like a warm up to that.  That's because it's an irrational
and bogus tirade, and has no other use than creating a nice Them/Us 
split in the minds of excitable people such as are to be found on either
side of church walls.

#>|>(2)  Define "irrational belief".  e.g., is it rational to believe that
#>|>     reason is always useful?
#>|>
#>|
#>|Irrational belief is belief that is not based upon reason. The latter has
#>|been discussed for a long time with Charley Wingate. One point is that
#>|the beliefs violate reason often, and another that a process that does
#>|not lend itself to rational analysis does not contain reliable information.
#>
#>Well, there is a glaring paradox here:  an argument that reason is useful
#>based on reason would be circular, and argument not based on reason would
#>be irrational.  Which is it?
#>
#That's bogus. Self reference is not circular. And since the evaluation of
#usefulness is possible within rational systems, it is allowed.

O.K., it's oval.  It's still begging the question, however.  And though
that certainly is allowed, it's not rational.  And you claiming to be
rational and all.

At the risk of repeating myself, and hearing "we had that before" [we
didn't hear a _refutation_ before, so we're back.   Deal with it] :
you can't use reason to demonstrate that reason is useful.  Someone
who thinks reason is crap won't buy it, you see.

#Your argument is as silly as proving mathematical statements needs mathematics
#and mathematics are therfore circular.

Anybody else think Godel was silly?

#>The first part of the second statement contains no information, because
#>you don't say what "the beliefs" are.  If "the beliefs" are strong theism
#>and/or strong atheism, then your statement is not in general true.  The
#>second part of your sentence is patently false - counterexample: an
#>axiomatic datum does not lend itself to rational analysis, but is
#>assumed to contain reliable information regardless of what process is
#>used to obtain it.
#>
# 
#I've been speaking of religious systems with contradictory definitions
#of god here.
# 
#An axiomatic datum lends itself to rational analysis, what you say here
#is a an often refuted fallacy. Have a look at the discussion of the
#axiom of choice. And further, one can evaluate axioms in larger systems
#out of which they are usually derived. "I exist" is derived, if you want
#it that way.
#
#Further, one can test the consistency and so on of a set of axioms.
# 
#what is it you are trying to say?

That at some point, people always wind up saying "this datum is reliable" 
for no particular reason at all.  Example: "I am not dreaming".

#>|Compared the evidence theists have for their claims to the strength of
#>|their demands makes the whole thing not only irrational but antirational.
#>
#>I can't agree with this until you are specific - *which* theism?  To
#>say that all theism is necessarily antirational requires a proof which
#>I suspect you do not have.
#>
# 
#Using the traditonal definition of gods. Personal, supernatural entities
#with objective effects on this world. Usually connected to morals and/or
#the way the world works.

IMO, any belief about such gods is necessarily irrational.  That does
not mean that people who hold them are in principle opposed to the exercise of
intelligence.  Some atheists are also scientists, for example.

#>|The affinity to fanatism is easily seen. It has to be true because I believe
#>|it is nothing more than a work hypothesis. However, the beliefs say they are
#>|more than a work hypothesis.
#>
#>I don't understand this.  Can you formalise your argument?
# 
#Person A believes system B becuase it sounds so nice. That does not make
#B true, it is at best a work hypothesis. However, the content of B is that
#it is true AND that it is more than a work hypothesis. Testing or evaluating
#evidence for or against it  therefore dismissed because B (already believed)
#says it is wronG/ a waste  of time/ not possible. Depending on the further
#contents of B Amalekites/Idolaters/Protestants are to be killed, this can
#have interesting effects.

Peculiar definition of interesting, but sure.  Now show that a belief
in gods entails the further contents of which you speak.   Why aren't my 
catholic neighbours out killing the protestants, for example?   Maybe they 
don't believe in it.  Maybe it's the conjunction of "B asserts B" and
"jail/kill dissenters" that is important, and the belief in gods is
entirely irrelevant.  It certainly seems so to me, but then I have no
axe to grind here. 

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53669
From: dps@nasa.kodak.com (Dan Schaertel,,,)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article 21627@ousrvr.oulu.fi, kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko) writes:
|>Dan Schaertel,,, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) wrote:
|>
|>
|>I love god just as much as she loves me. If she wants to seduce me,
|>she'll know what to do. 
|>

But if He/She did you would probably consider it rape.  

|>: Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
|>: that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
|>: Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
|>: the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
|>: know more than you do now. 
|>
|>Your argument is of the type "you'll know once you try".
|>Yet there are many atheists who have sincerely tried, and believed
|>for many years, but were eventually honest enough to admit that 
|>they had lived in a virtual reality.
|>

Obviously there are many Christians who have tried and do believe. So .. ?

|>: To learn you must accept that which you don't know.
|>
|>What does this mean? To learn you must accept that you don't know 
|>something, right-o. But to learn you must _accept_ something I don't
|>know, why? This is not the way I prefer to learn. It is unwise to
|>merely swallow everything you read. Suppose I write a book telling
|>how the Great Invisible Pink Unicorn (tm) has helped me in my
|>daily problems, would you accept this, since you can't know whether
|>it is true or not?
|>

No one asks you to swallow everything, in fact Jesus warns against it.   But let
me ask you a question.  Do you beleive what you learn in history class, or for
that matter anything in school.  I mean it's just what other people have told
you and you don't want to swallow what others say. right ... ?

The life , death, and resurection of Christ is documented historical fact.  As much
as anything else you learn.  How do you choose what to believe and what not to?
I could argue that George Washington is a myth.  He never lived because I don't
have any proof except what I am told.   However all the major events of the life
of Jesus Christ were fortold hundreds of years before him.  Neat trick uh?

There is no way to get into a sceptical heart.  You can not say you have given a 
sincere effort with the attitude you seem to have.  You must TRUST, not just go 
to church and participate in it's activities.  Were you ever willing to die for what
you believed?  





Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53670
From: arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee)
Subject: Re: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Constructing a Logical Argument

Here's a suggestion for the logical argument FAQ.  I don't think it's covered,
though the fallacy probably has a better name than the one I used:  How about
it, mathew?

INCONSISTENCY AND COUNTEREXAMPLE

This occurs when one party points out that some source of information takes
stand A, which is inconsistent with B.  There are two variations in which B is
either a mutually-agreed-on premise or else a stand elsewhere from the same
source.  The second party fallaciously responds by saying "see, the source
really does say B, it's right here!"; this reply does not refute the allegation
of inconsistency because it does not show that the source _only_ says B.

Example of the first type: "The Koran says unbelievers should be treated in
these ways.  We can both agree these are immoral."  "The Koran clearly says in
this other passage that unbelievers are not to be treated that way."

Example of the second type: "There are two Biblical creation stories."  "You're
wrong, since the Bible clearly describes the creation as [description]."
--
"On the first day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Leftover Turkey!
On the second day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Turkey Casserole
    that she made from Leftover Turkey.
[days 3-4 deleted] ...  Flaming Turkey Wings! ...
   -- Pizza Hut commercial (and M*tlu/A*gic bait)

Ken Arromdee (arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53671
Subject: Religion As Cause  (Was: islamic authority over women)
From: SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (Scott D. Sauyet)

Bill Conner (bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu) writes:

[ ... my stuff deleted ... ]

> I don't have to make outrageous claims about religion's affecting and
> effecting history, for the purpsoe of a.a, all I have to do point out
> that many claims made here are wrong and do nothing to validate
> atheism. 

Bill, you seem to have erroneously assumed that this board has as its
sole purpose the validation of atheism.  It doesn't.  This board is
used to discuss atheism as a philosophy, to share posters' experiences
regarding atheism, to debunk various theisms and theism as a whole, to
share resources relating to atheism, and even to socialize with others
with similar views.  And of course with the number of theists who come
here to preach, it is also used to argue the case for atheism. 


>           At no time have I made any statement that religion was the
> sole cause of anything, what I have done is point out that those who
> do make that kind of claim are mistaken, usually deliberately. 

If you want to accuse people of lying, please do so directly.  The
phrase "deliberately mistaken" is rather oxymoronic.

 
> To credit religion with the awesome power to dominate history is to
> misunderstand human nature, the function of religion and of course,
> history. I believe that those who distort history in this way know
> exaclty what they're doing, and do it only for affect.

The two forms of theism most often discussed here these days are
Christianity and Islam.  Both of these claim to make their followers
into good people, and claim that much of benefit to humanity has been
accomplished through their faiths.  IMHO they are right.  The American
Friends Service Committee (Quaker), Catholic Relief Services, Bread
For The World, Salvation Army soup kitchens, and Mother Theresa spring
to mind.  (Can someone with more knowledge of Islam supply the names
of some analagous Islamic groups?)  

When Mother Theresa claims that her work is an outgrowth of her
Christianity, I believe her.  Her form of theism ascribes to her deity
such a benevolence toward humanity that it would be wrong not to care
for those in need.  The point is that such a philosophy does have the
power to change the behavior of individuals;  if it is widespread
enough, it can change societies.

The same works for the horrors of history.  To claim that Christianity
had little to do with the Crusades or the Inquisition is to deny the
awesome power that comes from faith in an absolute.  What it seems you
are doing twisting the reasonable statement that religion was never
the solitary cause of any evil into the unreasonable statement that
religion has had no evil impacts on history.  That is absurd.

 -- Scott Sauyet            ssauyet@eagle.wesleyan.edu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53673
From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Books

edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary) writes:
> While we're on the topic of books, has anyone else noticed that Paine's
> "The Age of Reason" is hard to find.  I've been wanting to pick up
> a copy for a while, but not bad enough to mail order it.  I've noticed
> though that none of the bookstores I go to seem to carry it.  I thought
> this was supposed to be classic.  What's the deal?

Actually, I've got an entire list of books written by various atheist
authors and I went to the largest bookstore in my area (Pittsburgh) and
couldn't find _any_ of them.  What section of the bookstore do you find
these kinds of books in?  Do you have to look in an "alternative" bookstore
for most of them?  Any help would be appreciated (I can send you the list
if you want).

Thanks,
Nanci
.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
The fate of the country does not depend on what kind of paper you drop into
the ballot box once a year, but on what kind of man you drop from your
chamber into the street every morning.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53675
From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: College atheists

nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye) writes:
> I read an article about a poll done of students at the Ivy League
> schools in which it was reported that a third of the students
> indentified themselves as atheists.  This is a lot higher than among the
> general population.  I wonder what the reasons for this discrepancy are?
> Is it because they are more intelligent?  Younger?  Is this the wave of
> the future?

I would guess that it probably has something to do with the ease of which
ideas and thoughts are communicated on a college campus.  In the real world
(tm) it's easier for theists (well, people in general really) to lock
themselves into a little bubble where they only see and talk to those
people who are of the same opinion as they are.  In college you are
constantly surrounded by and have to interact with people who have
different ideas about life, the universe, and everything.  It is much much
harder to build a bubble around yourself to keep everyone else's ideas from
reaching you.

So, in a world where theists are forced to contend with and listen to
atheists and theists of other religions some are bound to have a change in
their beliefs over four years.  There is nowhere to run.... :-)

> David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
> This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
> must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Nanci
.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
The fate of the country does not depend on what kind of paper you drop into
the ballot box once a year, but on what kind of man you drop from your
chamber into the street every morning.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53676
From:  (Rashid)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr22.132909.5001@nic.csu.net>,
davec@silicon.csci.csusb.edu (Dave Choweller) wrote:
> 
> In article <1993Apr22.004405.28052@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:
> [stuff deleted...]
> >The point of my post was that Rushdie was not being condemned solely
> >for the "words" in his book (although this was certainly a contributing
> >factor). It was the whole series of actions of Rushdie and his
> >publishers following the publication of the book and the initial media
> >spotlight placed on the book, that (in large part) led to the fatwa. The
> >kind of fatwa levelled against Rushdie is not lightly placed and there
> >are any number of anti-Islamic writers both within and outside the
> >Islamic world who have not had fatwas made against them. Here, someone
> >who adds fuel to an explosive situation, might be charged with incitement
> >to riot - if people die in the rioting the charges against him might
> >become even more serious.
> 
> How can Rushdie be blamed for the deaths of people who are demonstrating
> against him?  The deaths should be blamed on the people who dealt with
> the demonstrations, or on the demonstrators themselves, if they were
> violent.  To what lengths will you go to justify this barbaric behaviour
> against Rushdie?

Once the Rushdie situation exploded into the media, the Muslim voice on
the matter of the book was effectively restricted to short video bytes
showing
the dramatic highlights of Muslim demonstrations. For every twenty or so
newspaper, magazine articles, interviews etc. supporting Rushdie, there
would
appear one Muslim voice. This person was usually selected based on how
dramatic and incoherent he was, not on his knowledge of Islam or the
situation at the time. This approx. twenty to one ratio continued
throughout the escalation of the crisis, with Rushdie in the central
spotlight as the man of the moment, the valiant defender of everyman's
right to free speech decoupled from responsibility. (As an aside, it's
interesting that while the hue and cry about freedom of speech went up,
some books (defaming certain ethnic and religious groups) continued
to be banned here. It was felt that they injured the sensibilities of these

groups and presented a false image which could promote feelings of 
hate towards these groups. For Muslims this kind of double standard 
was annoying.)

Rushdie saw this spotlight as a golden opportunity to lash out at
"organized"
Islam, and he did so with admirable verbal skill. The only kind of Islam
which Rushdie finds palatable is what he calls a "secular" Islam - an Islam
separated from it's Qur'an, it's Prophet, God, its legislation, and most
importantly from any intrusion into any political arena. Fine - Rushdie
made
his views known - the Muslim's made their anger at his book known. The
scale of the whole affair erupted into global proportions - it was, by this
time,
already a political situation - affecting governments as well as
individuals.
The situation was a serious one, with far-reaching political implications.
At the centre of this turmoil was Rushdie, throwing fuel on the fire -
engaged
in a personal crusade that made him oblivious to any sense of caution.

Now you may feel that the person in the centre of a worldwide storm such as

this has no responsibility, has no reason to exercise restraint of any
kind, has no
obligation to perhaps step back momentarily out of the spotlight till
matters calm down. Perhaps you even feel that he is justified in "boldly"
defying the anger of all those who dare to take umbrage at his literary
work, no matter what insult they find within it. Perhaps you see him as
a kind of secular "heroic Knight",mounted on the his media steed,
 doing battle with the "dragon" of Islamic "fundamentalism".

Well Khomeini saw him as a disingeneous author who 
grew up in a Muslim atmosphere, knew well what Muslim's hold dear, 
who wrote a book which mischievously uses certain literary conventions
to slander, insult, and attack Islam and its most notable personalities -
who, when
faced with a situation that became a worldwide crisis, continued with
his mischief in the world stage of the media - who, even after people were
injured and killed because of the magnitude and emotion of the situation,
continued his mischief, instead of having the good sense to desist.
Khomeini saw the crisis as mischief making on a grand scale, mischief
making that grew in scale as the scale of the crisis enlarged. The deaths
of Muslims around the world and Rushdie's continued media mischief
even after this, was the triggering factor that seemed to
decide Khomeini on putting a stop to the mischief. The person at the
centre of all these events was Rushdie - he was the source of the
continuing mischief - all media support, government support was
just that - support. The source was Rushdie (and his publishers, who
were nothing short of ecstatic at the publicity and were very happy
to see Rushdie constantly in the media). The Islamic rulings that
deal with people who engage in this kind of grand-scale mischief
making, was applied to Rushdie.

>You're attempts at justification are not doing the
> image of Islam any good.

I have made no attempts at justification, only at explanation. "Image" is
the chief concern of Muslim 'apologists' for Islam and for Rushdie.
If Muslims willingly relegated themselves to becoming a sub-culture
within a larger secular culture, such that the secular principles and laws
had precedence over the laws of Islam - then I have no doubt that Islam
would then be thought to have a good "image" (Principally because it would
by and large reflect the secular image). A "good image" usually means " be
more
like me".

Your attempts at TOTALLY exonerating Rushdie reflect exactly the attitude
that
resulted in the polarization brought about by the crisis.

>  In Iran, the situation was monitored for many
> >months - when Rushdie kept adding fuel to the flames through the free
> >worldwide voice that the media gave him, the situation was monitored
> >more seriously. When, even after many deaths occured worldwide, Rushdie
> >still did not desist - the fatwa was pronounced. When behaving like
> >a total jerk endangers lives, and the jerk sees this and still insists
> >on his right to behave like a total jerk - he has the rug jerked out
> >from under him.
> 
> If the muslims didn't make such a big fuss over the book, like issuing
> death threats, and killing publishers, NO ONE WOULD HAVE HEARD OF IT.

The fatwa came later - much later. If Rushdie didn't mouth off so much in
the
media, the fuss would have died down - no one would have been killed, no
fatwa would have been passed - the whole episode would have fizzled away.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53677
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?
From: sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed)

In article <116547@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>Yes. The Qur'an discusses this point in several ways, some of
>them quite directly. For example, it says that if God _were_
>to appear them there would be no need for faith and belief as
>the evidence would be definitive.

Ah! Excellent. So why doesn't she appear to me? I'm a little weak in the
blind faith department. (Besides, she doesn't even really need to appear:
how about, oh say, a little tip - something like "put your all on #3 in the
7:30 at the Dog Races" ... perhaps in a dream or vision.)

>>How do we know that
>>Muhammed didn't just go out into the desert and smoke something? 
>
>Would a person who was high write so well and with such consistency?

I'm afraid I don't know arabic; I have only read translations. I wouldn't
know it if it were well-written. (Consistent, though, is one thing the Quran
is not.)  And have *you* read it in arabic?  Besides, some of my best
writing has been done under the influence of, shall we say, consciousness
altering substances.

>>And how
>>do we know that the scribes he dictated the Quran to didn't screw up, or
>>put in their own little verses? 
>
>They'd have to be very good to do so without destroying the beauty
>and literary quality of text Arabic text. 

Yes, so? How do we know they *weren't* very good? (Again, assuming that the
Quran is beautfully written.)

>>And why can Muhammed marry more than four women, 
>>when no other muslim is allowed to? 
>
>Muhammad did not exceed the number _after_ the revelation regulating
>the number of wives a man could marry, but before it.

Ok, I retract this point. (Although I might still say that once he knew, he
should have done something about it.)

>>(Although I think the biggest
>>insult to Islam is that the majority of its followers would want to
>>suppress a book, sight unseen, on the say-so of some "holy" guy. Not to
>>mention murder the author.)
>
>I agree. But is it really true that this is the case?

I haven't interviewed all muslims about this; I would really like it if this
were false. But I can't take it on your say-so - what are your sources?

>Another case of judging principles on the basis of those who claim
>to follow them.

What other basis do we have to judge a system? Especially when we can't get
a consistent picture of what Islam "really" is. Do I believe Khomeini? Do I
go by the Imam of the mosque in Mecca? Or perhaps the guy in New Jersey? Or
perhaps you say I should go only by the Quran. Ok, whose translation? And
what about things like "And wherever you find idolators, kill them"?

-s
--
  Shamim Mohamed / {uunet,noao,cmcl2..}!arizona!shamim / shamim@cs.arizona.edu
  "Take this cross and garlic; here's a Mezuzah if he's Jewish; a page of the
    Koran if he's a Muslim; and if he's a Zen Buddhist, you're on your own."
   Member of the League for Programming Freedom - write to lpf@uunet.uu.net

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53753
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie
From: kmagnacca@eagle.wesleyan.edu

In article <115621@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
> In article <1993Apr15.135650.28926@st-andrews.ac.uk> nrp@st-andrews.ac.uk (Norman R. Paterson) writes:
> 
>>I don't think you're right about Germany.  My daughter was born there and
>>I don't think she has any German rights eg to vote or live there (beyond the
>>rights of all EC citizens).  She is a British citizen by virtue of
>>her parentage, but that's not "full" citizenship.  For example, I don't think
>>her children could be British by virtue of her in the same way.
> 
> I am fairly sure that she could obtain citizenship by making an
> application for it. It might require immigration to Germany, but
> I am almost certain that once applied for citizenship is inevitable
> in this case.

Nope, Germany has extremely restrictive citizenship laws.  The 
ethnic Germans who have lived in Russia for over 100 years 
automatically become citizens if they move to Germany, but the
Turks who are now in their third generation in Germany can't.
It's not a very good example to show citizenship without descent.

Karl
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| "Lastly, I come to China in the hope      | "All you touch and all you see  |
| of fulfilling a lifelong ambition -       | Is all your life will ever be." |
| dropping acid on the Great Wall."  --Duke |                 --Pink Floyd    |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|         A Lie is still a Lie even if 3.8 billion people believe it.         |
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53754
From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

>>>>> On Fri, 16 Apr 1993 15:50:02 EDT, <JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu> said:

J> YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
J> PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!

Hmm, I've got my MST3K lunch box, my travel scrabble, and a couple of
kegs of Bass Ale.  I'm all set!  Let's go everybody! 
--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53755
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <16BB112525.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
 
>I assume that you  say here a religious law is for the followers of the
>religion. That begs the question why the religion has the right to define
>who is a follower even when the offenders disagree.

No, I say religious law applies to those who are categorized as
belonging to the religion when event being judged applies. This
prevents situations in which someone is a member of a religion
who, when charged, claims that he/she was _not_ a member of the
religion so they are free to go on as if nothing had happened.



Gregg



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53756
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <16BB112949.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>In article <115287@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

 
>>>>>A brutal system filtered through "leniency" is not lenient.


>>>>Huh?


>>>How do you rate public floggings or floggings at all? Chopping off the
>>>hands, heads, or other body  parts? What about stoning?


>>I don't have a problem with floggings, particularly, when the offenders
>>have been given a chance to change their behavior before floggings are
>>given. I do have a problem with maiming in general, by whatever means.
>>In my opinion no-one who has not maimed another should be maimed. In
>>the case of rape the victim _is_ maimed, physically and emotionally,
>>so I wouldn't have a problem with maiming rapists. Obviously I wouldn't
>>have a problem with maiming murderers either.


>May I ask if you had the same opinion before you became a Muslim?



Sure. Yes, I did. You see I don't think that rape and murder should
be dealt with lightly. You, being so interested in leniency for
leniency's sake, apparently think that people should simply be
told the "did a _bad_ thing."


>And what about the simple chance of misjudgements?

Misjudgments should be avoided as much as possible.
I suspect that it's pretty unlikely that, given my requirement
of repeated offenses, that misjudgments are very likely.

 
>>>>>>"Orient" is not a place having a single character. Your ignorance
>>>>>>exposes itself nicely here.


>>>>>Read carefully, I have not said all the Orient shows primitive machism.


>>>>Well then, why not use more specific words than "Orient"? Probably
>>>>because in your mind there is no need to (it's all the same).


>>>Because it contains sufficient information. While more detail is possible,
>>>it is not necessary.


>>And Europe shows civilized bullshit. This is bullshit. Time to put out
>>or shut up. You've substantiated nothing and are blabbering on like
>>"Islamists" who talk about the West as the "Great Satan." You're both
>>guilty of stupidities.


>I just love to compare such lines to the common plea of your fellow believers
>not to call each others names. In this case, to substantiate it: The Quran
>allows that one beATs one's wife into submission. 


Really? Care to give chapter and verse? We could discuss it.


>Primitive Machism refers to
>that. (I have misspelt that before, my fault).
 

Again, not all of the Orient follows the Qur'an. So you'll have to do
better than that.


Sorry, you haven't "put out" enough.

 
>>>Islam expresses extramarital sex. Extramarital sex is a subset of sex. It is
>>>suppressedin Islam. That marial sexis  allowed or encouraged in Islam, as
>>>it is in many branches of Christianity, too, misses the point.

>>>Read the part about the urge for sex again. Religions that run around telling
>>>people how to have sex are not my piece of cake for two reasons: Suppressing
>>>a strong urge needs  strong measures, and it is not their business anyway.

>>Believe what you wish. I thought you were trying to make an argument.
>>All I am reading are opinions.
 
>It is an argument. That you doubt the validity of the premises does not change
>it. If you want to criticize it, do so. Time for you to put up or shut up.



This is an argument for why _you_ don't like religions that suppress
sex. A such it's an irrelevant argument.

If you'd like to generalize it to an objective statement then 
fine. My response is then: you have given no reason for your statement
that sex is not the business of religion (one of your "arguments").

The urge for sex in adolescents is not so strong that any overly strong
measures are required to suppress it. If the urge to have sex is so
strong in an adult then that adult can make a commensurate effort to
find a marriage partner.



Gregg







Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53757
From: qpliu@phoenix.Princeton.EDU (q.p.liu)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <kmr4.1575.734879106@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>In article <1993Apr15.000406.10984@Princeton.EDU> qpliu@phoenix.Princeton.EDU (q.p.liu) writes:
>
>>>So while Faith itself is a Gift, obedience is what makes Faith possible.
>>What makes obeying different from believing?

>	I am still wondering how it is that I am to be obedient, when I have 
>no idea to whom I am to be obedient!

It is all written in _The_Wholly_Babble:_the_Users_Guide_to_Invisible_
_Pink_Unicorns_.

To be granted faith in invisible pink unicorns, you must read the Babble,
and obey what is written in it.

To obey what is written in the Babble, you must believe that doing so is
the way to be granted faith in invisible pink unicorns.

To believe that obeying what is written in the Babble leads to believing
in invisible pink unicorns, you must, essentially, believe in invisible
pink unicorns.

This bit of circular reasoning begs the question:
What makes obeying different from believing?
-- 
qpliu@princeton.edu           Standard opinion: Opinions are delta-correlated.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53758
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr15.215833.15970@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:


>> What about the Twelve Imams, who he considered incapable of error
>> or sin? Khomeini supports this view of the Twelve Imans. This is
>> heresy for the very reasons I gave above. 


>I would be happy to discuss the  issue of the 12 Imams with you, although
>my preference would be to move the discussion to another
>newsgroup.  I feel a philosophy or religion group would be more 
>appropriate. 


I think many reading this group would also benefit by knowing how
deviant the view _as I've articulated it above_ (which may not be
the true view of Khomeini) is from the basic principles of Islam. 
So that the non-muslim readers of this group will see how far from 
the simple basics of Islam such views are on the face of them. And 
if they are _not_ in contradiction with the basics of Islam, how 
subtle such issues are and how it seems sects exist in Islam while 
they are explicitly proscribed by the Qur'an.


>The topic is deeply embedded in the world view of Islam and the
>esoteric teachings of the Prophet (S.A.). Heresy does not enter
>into it at all except for those who see Islam only as an exoteric
>religion that is only nominally (if at all) concerned with the metaphysical
>substance of man's being and nature.


In my opinion considering any human being as having a substance
or metaphysical fundamentally different from that of any other human
being _is_ a heretical notion and one proscribed by Islam. 


>From your posts, you seem fairly well versed in Sunni thought. You
>should seek to know Shi'ite thought through knowledgeable 
>Shi'ite authors as well - at least that much respect is due before the
>charge of heresy is levelled.


Absolutely! I would be interested in discussing this privately and
I am interested in hearing how one might try to make the concept of
error-free and sinless human beings philosophically consistent with
the teachings of the Qur'an. However, _prima facie_ such attemptsa
are highly susceptible to degenerating into monkery, explicitly
proscribed by the Qur'an.


>As salaam a-laikum

Alaikum Wassalam


Gregg


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53759
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: KORESH IS GOD!

>DATE:   Fri, 16 Apr 1993 14:15:20 +0100
>FROM:   mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
>
>The latest news seems to be that Koresh will give himself up once he's
>finished writing a sequel to the Bible.
>
>mathew

Writing the Seven Seals or something along those lines.  He's already
written the first of the Seven which was around 30 pages or so and has
handed it over to an assistant for PROOFREADING!.  I would expect any
decent messiah to have a built-in spellchecker.  Maybe Koresh 2.0 will
come with one.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53760
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was

>DATE:   Fri, 16 Apr 1993 15:23:54 GMT
>FROM:   Umar Khan <khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil>
>
> His conclusion was that,
>while he was impressed that what little the Holy Qur'an had to
>say about science was accurate, he was far more impressed that the
>Holy Qur'an did not contain the same rampant errors evidenced in
>the Traditions.  How would a man of 7th Century Arabia have known
>what *not to include* in the Holy Qur'an (assuming he had authored
>it)?  
>
Well, it looks like the folks in soc.religion.islam have loosened up
a bit and are discussing this topic as well as the banking/interest
topic.  A few books on the subject have also been mentioned in addition
to the one you mentioned.  These may be hard to find, but I think I may
take a stab at it out of curiosity.  I know the one film I saw on this
subject was pretty weak and the only two quotes I have seen which were
used to show science in the Koran (which I posted here) were also pretty 
vague.  I suspect that these books will extrapolate an awful lot on the
quotes they have.

At least one poster on the Islam channel seems to have some misgivings
about the practice of using the Koran to decide what is good science.

I wonder if Islam has ever come up with the equivalent of the Christians
"Creation Science" on any topic.  It would be interesting to find a history
of scientific interpretations of the Koran, to see if anyone used the Koran
to support earlier science which has since been discarded.  It is all too
easy to look at science as it exists today and then "interpret" passages
to match those findings.  People do similar things with the sayings of
Nostradamus all the time.

Anyway, it is a rather unique claim of Islam and may be worth checking.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53761
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Keith IS a relativist!

9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au (The Desert Brat) writes:

>Keith, if you start wafffling on about how it is different for a human
>to maul someone thrown into it's cage (so to speak), you'd better start
>posting tome decent evidence or retract your 'I think there is an absolute
>morality' blurb a few weeks ago.

Did I claim that there was an absolute morality, or just an objective one?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53762
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>Perhaps the chimps that failed to evolve cooperative behaviour
>died out, and we are left with the ones that did evolve such
>behaviour, entirely by chance.

That's the entire point!

>Are you going to proclaim a natural morality every time an
>organism evolves cooperative behaviour?

Yes!

Natural morality is a morality that developed naturally.

>What about the natural morality of bee dance?

Huh?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53763
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:

>> Which type of morality are you talking about?  In a natural sense, it
>> is not at all immoral to harm another species (as long as it doesn't
>> adversely affect your own, I guess).
>Hehehe, so you say, but this objective morality somehere tells you 
>that this is not the case, and you don't know all the rules of such
>transcendental game systems...

Which objective system are you talking about?  What is its goal?
Again, which brand of morality are you talking about?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53764
From: jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr16.222525.16024@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:
>In article <1993Apr16.171722.159590@zeus.calpoly.edu>,
>jmunch@hertz.elee.calpoly.edu (John Munch) wrote:
>> 
>> In article <1993Apr15.212943.15118@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:
>> >P.S. I'm not sure about this but I think the charge of "shatim" also
>> >applies to Rushdie and may be encompassed under the umbrella
>> >of the "fasad" ruling.
>> 
>> Please define the words "shatim" and "fasad" before you use them again.
>
>My apologies. "Shatim", I believe, refers to slandering or spreading
>slander and lies about the Prophets(a.s) - any of the Prophets.

Basically, any prophet I've ever dealt with has either been busy 
hawking stolen merchandise or selling swampland house lots in 
Florida.  Then you hear all the stories of sexual abuse by prophets
and how the families of victims were paid to keep quiet about it.

>It's a kind of willful caulmny and "cursing" that's indicated by the
>word. This is the best explanation I can come up with off the top
>of my head - I'll try and look up a more technical definition when I
>have the time.

Never mind that, but let me tell you about this Chevelle I bought 
from this dude (you guessed it, a prophet) named Mohammed.  I've
got the car for like two days when the tranny kicks, then Manny, 
my mechanic, tells me it was loaded with sawdust!  Take a guess
whether "Mohammed" was anywhere to be found.  I don't think so.

>
>"Fasad" is a little more difficult to describe. Again, this is not
>a technical definition - I'll try and get that later. Literally,

Oh, Mohammed!

>the word "fasad" means mischief. But it's a mischief on the order of
>magnitude indicated by the word "corruption". It's when someone who
>is doing something wrong to begin with, seeks to escalate the hurt,

Yeah, you, Mohammed!

>disorder, concern, harm etc. (the mischief) initially caused by their 
>actions. The "wrong" is specifically related to attacks against
>"God and His Messenger" and mischief, corruption, disorder etc.

You slimy mass of pond scum!

>resulting from that. The attack need not be a physical attack and there
>are different levels of penalty proscribed, depending on the extent
>of the mischief and whether the person or persons sought to 
>"make hay" of the situation. The severest punishment is death.

Yeah, right!  You're the one should be watching your butt.  You and
your buddy Allah.  The stereo he sold me croaked after two days.
Your ass is grass!

Jim

Yeah, that's right, Jim.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53765
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:

>>They spent quite a bit of time on the wording of the Constitution.  They
>>picked words whose meanings implied the intent.  We have already looked
>>in the dictionary to define the word.  Isn't this sufficient?
>We only need to ask the question: what did the founding fathers 
>consider cruel and unusual punishment?

>Hanging? Hanging there slowing being strangled would be very 
>painful, both physically and psychologicall, I imagine.

Well, most hangings are very quick and, I imagine, painless.

>Firing squad ? [ note: not a clean way to die back in those 
>days ], etc. 
>All would be considered cruel under your definition.
>All were allowed under the constitution by the founding fathers.

And, hangings and firing squads are allowed today, too.  And, if these
things were not considered cruel, then surely a medical execution
(painless) would not be, either.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53766
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>They spent quite a bit of time on the wording of the Constitution. 
>I realise that this is widely held belief in America, but in fact
>the clause on cruel and unusual punishments, like a lot of the
>rest, was lifted from the English Bill of Rights of 1689.

Just because the wording is elsewhere does not mean they didn't spend
much time on the wording.

>>We have already looked in the dictionary to define the word.  Isn't 
>>this sufficient?
>Since the dictionary said that a lack of mercy or an intent to
>inflict injury or grief counted as "cruel", sure.

People can be described as cruel in this way, but punishments cannot.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53780
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <115686@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>No, I say religious law applies to those who are categorized as
>belonging to the religion when event being judged applies. This


	Who does the categorizing?

	
---  

  " I'd Cheat on Hillary Too."

   John Laws
   Local GOP Reprehensitive
   Extolling "Traditional Family Values."





Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53781
From: dekorte@dirac.scri.fsu.edu (Stephen L. DeKorte)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?


I saw a 3 hour show on PBS the other day about the history of the
Jews. Appearently, the Cursades(a religious war agianst the muslilams
in 'the holy land') sparked the widespread persecution of muslilams 
and jews in europe. Among the supporters of the persiecution, were none 
other than Martin Luther, and the Vatican.

Later, Hitler would use Luthers writings to justify his own treatment
of the jews.
> Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

SD

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53782
From: danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock)
Subject: Re: Societal basis for morality

In article <C5zu3K.FzD@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>1)On what basis can we say that the actions of another society, (as per Hitler
>comment) are wrong?

Ultimately it rests with personal opinion...in my opinion. :-) 

>2)Why does majority make right?

The question doesn't make sense to me. Maybe it would be better to ask,
"What makes a democracy better than [for example] a totalitarian
regim?"

Dan


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53783
From: lamontg@u.washington.edu
Subject: Re: High Times A Comin'!!!!!!!

verdant@ucs.umass.edu (Sol Lightman) writes:
>My theory, though yet unproven, is that this is due to simple envy.

no its not.

its due to the fact that there are two issues here: Religion and religion.

religion is personal belief system.
Religion is a memetic virus.

people loudly proclaiming their beliefs are crossing the border from
religion -> Religion.  people that want to "save" others are firmly
entrenched in Religion ("memoids").

rule #1 of not practicing Religion is to shut the fuck up, unless
you discuss it politely.  this means that the motive behind the conversation
is not only your self-gratifying wish to spread the word.  

religion is something that ultimately comes from within a person, and
reflects their value judgements.  Religion is something that is
contracted from others and does not reflect the persons value judgements
(other than perhaps "i think i'll be brainwashed today").

Religion is a drug...

i believe you can discuss religion.  however, the post that started this
off was not intented as discussion, it was more a proclamation of
someones Religion.

if you think i'm talking about censorship or that i'm closeminded you haven't
understood this.  i don't have any problem with the discussion of 
religion, its just Religion that i can't stand...


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53784
From: lamontg@u.washington.edu
Subject: Re: High Times A Comin'!!!!!!!

rubble@leland.Stanford.EDU (Adam Heath Clark) writes:
>	It seems a very large part of Christianity is based on the notion that
>it is the _right_ religion, and that just about any other way of looking at
>the universe is flat-out wrong.  In the old days we had the Inquisition and the
>burning of heretics; now we have Pat Buchanan trying to start some cultural
>war because he can't stand to live in the same country as all these other,
>non-"God fearing" people.

its a survival trait.  there are only a fixed number of resources (people)
for religions to inhabit.  the doctrines of intolerance and not using
birth control are devices whereby the meme of the (capital-R) Religion
of Christianity gains a larger share of the population than its memetic
competitors.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53785
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1qnpa6INN8av@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>>Hanging? Hanging there slowing being strangled would be very 
>>painful, both physically and psychologicall, I imagine.
>
>Well, most hangings are very quick and, I imagine, painless.

	I think this is a misnomer.

>
>>Firing squad ? [ note: not a clean way to die back in those 
>>days ], etc. 
>>All would be considered cruel under your definition.
>>All were allowed under the constitution by the founding fathers.
>
>And, hangings and firing squads are allowed today, too.  And, if these
>things were not considered cruel, then surely a medical execution
>(painless) would not be, either.

	But, this just shows then that painful execution is not considered 
"cruel" and unusual punishment. This shows that "cruel" as used in the 
constitution does NOT refer to whether or not the punishment causes physical 
pain.
	Rather, it must be a different meaning.

---  

  " I'd Cheat on Hillary Too."

   John Laws
   Local GOP Reprehensitive
   Extolling "Traditional Family Values."





Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53786
From: mayne@pipe.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <1993Apr21.184959.9451@dcs.warwick.ac.uk> simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale) writes:
>
>Dan, I'm concerned that you are in grave spiritual danger because of your
>stubborn refusal to love and accept into your heart the Mighty Invisible
>Pink Unicorn...[Nice parody deleted.]

>I shall pray for you. In fact, brother, I cast out the demon which binds you
>in the Name of the Mighty Invisible Pink Unicorn. Dan, you must have *faith*!

Then you better pray for me, too, because I believe that the Mighty
Invisibile Pink Unicorn does not exist. One being cannot be both "Pink"
and "Invisible." The demon (or should that be daemon?) that keeps me
from believing and saving my soul is named Logic.

Bill Mayne

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53790
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?

In article <37410@optima.cs.arizona.edu> sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed) writes:
>In article <1r1cl7INNknk@bozo.dsinc.com> perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:
>>Anyway, since I seem to be the only one following this particular line
>>of discussion, I wonder how many of the rest of the readership have
>>read this book?  What are your thoughts on it?  
>
>I read it when it first came out[...]
>And I *liked* it. [...]
>At the time I still "sorta-kinda" thought of myself as a muslim, and I
>couldn't see what the flap was all about. [...]

Thank you.  I now know at least that though I may be on drugs, at
least I'm not the only one.

>The writing style was a little hard to get used to, but
>it was well worth the effort. Coming from a similar background (Rushdie
>grew up in Bombay in a muslim family, and moved to England; I grew up in
>New Delhi), it made a strong impression on me.  (And he used many of the
>strange constructions of Indian English: the "yaar" at the end of a
>sentence, "Butbutbut," the occasional hindi phrase, etc.)

Yes, this took some getting used to -- of course not having an Indian
connection, no knowledge of hindi, etc., this was not trivial for me.
I did have, thanks to the wonders of the net, "A Glossary to *Satanic
Verses*", posted to rec.arts.books by Vijay Raghavan, which explains a
lot of the Indian English constructions, Indian culture references,
even the Islamic references ("Jahilia", "Submission", the context of
the Satanic Verses incident, etc.) -- what I have only covers the
first couple of hundred pages, but it helped me get into the flow of
the novel [I can mail this to anyone interested; if anyone has
portions after part I, if they exist, I'd like to get those].
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53791
From: rjg@doe.carleton.ca (Richard Griffith)
Subject: Re: Burden of Proof

In <1r4b59$7hg@aurora.engr.LaTech.edu> ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill Ray) writes:

>If I make a statement, "That God exists, loves me, etc." but in no way
>insist that you believe it, does that place a burden of proof upon me.
>If you insist that God doesn't exist, does that place a burden of proof 
>upon you?  I give no proofs, I only give testimony to my beliefs.  I will
>respond to proofs that you attempt to disprove my beliefs.

What is your reaction to people who claim they were abducted by space aliens?

Some of these people say, "I was abducted, experimented on, etc."
If we insist that these aliens don't exist is the burden of proof placed on
us. These people can give no hard facts but can give a lot of testimony to
back up their beliefs.

Replace <space aliens> with <elvis>, <big foot>, <blue unicorns>, 
and we have a larger percentage of the population than I like to think
about.

Sometimes I wonder if reality really is a different experience for everone.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53792
From: mikec@sail.LABS.TEK.COM (Micheal Cranford)
Subject: Re: Rawlins debunks creationism

John E. King (king@ctron.com) posts a whopping one liner:

 * "The modern theory of evolution is so inadequate that it deserves to be *
 *  treated as a matter of faith." -- Francis Hitching                     *

  I have a few points to make about the above posting.

    1. Science is not based on and does not consist of "quotes" from either
    real or alleged experts.  Critical reasoning, evidence and (if possible)
    experimentation are necessary.  Creationists frequently display a massive
    confusion about this by merely quoting both non-experts and experts alike
    (some of the latter quotes are in fact false) and steadfastly refusing to
    follow any kind of rigorous scientific procedure.  This strongly suggests
    that (a.) their claims completely lack any scientific merit and (b.) they
    are aware of this fatal deficiency.  Of course, you may not actually be a
    creationist and this may not be your real intent.

    2. You have failed to identify Hitching and the surrounding context of his
    statement.  Why is that?  If Hitching is a scientific illiterate then the
    quote would merely display his profound ignorance of evolutionary biology.
    Creationists are frequently known to quote real scientists out of context
    and to fabricate statements that they subsequently attribute to legitimate
    scientists.  Of course, you may not actually be a creationist and this may
    not be your real intent.

    3. Evidence supporting the alleged inadequacies of "the modern theory of
    evolution" would be a much more powerful argument than a contextless one
    line quote from an unidentified nobody.  It is also important to note that
    disproving biological evolution does not automatically prove some alternate
    claims any more that disproving that the earth is shaped like a hockey puck
    proves that it is a hyperbolic paraboloid.  Creationists seem rather fond
    of diving (head first) into this logical fallacy.  Of course, you may not
    actually be a creationist and this may not be your real intent.

    4. Since evolution is central to virtually all of modern science, an attack
    on evolution (either the fact or the theory) really represents an attack on
    science.  While the theory will unquestionably continue to evolve (B^) the
    fact of evolution will not ever go away.  Creationists lost the battle long
    ago (more than 100 years in fact) but are simply too willfully ignorant and
    irrational to acknowledge the fact.  Of course, you may not actually be a
    creationist and you may not really be that ignorant.


Warren Kurt vonRoeschlaub (kv07@IASTATE.EDU) asks:

 * Neither I, nor Webster's has ever heard of Francis Hitchings.  Who is he? *

  I, like Hitchings, am not to be found in Webster's B^).  Francis Hitchings
is a scientifically illiterate creationist (or perhaps he is just playing the
part of one) who wrote a quite ignorant book attacking evolution ("The Neck of
the Giraffe").  In that publication he quotes a creationist (Jean Sloat Morton)
using the standard invalid creationist probability argument that proteins could
not have formed by chance.  Thus not only confusing abiogenesis with evolution
(the two are quite independent) but also concluding with a "non sequitur" (i.e.
the conclusion "does not follow"). [pp 70-71]  Hitchings also misquotes Richard
Lewontin in an effort to support creationism. [pp 84]

  Hitchings book was reviewed by National Park Service ecologist David Graber
in the Los Angeles Times (and repeated in the Oregonian).  The article was
titled "`Giraffe' sticks scientific neck out too far".  Excerpts include :

  "Francis Hitchings is not a biologist."  "He goes after Darwin like Mark
  Antony after Brutus.  He flips from scientific reasoning to mysticism and
  pseudo-science with the sinuosity of a snake-oil salesman."  "He suggests
  a mystical `organizing principle' of life, using the similarity of organs
  in different creatures as evidence [sic]."

  Note that the last statement above is actually evidence FOR evolution not
against it.  If John E. King is quoting from this reviewed book it wouldn't
surprise me much.  It's also interesting that King had nothing to add (i.e.
he only posted a quote).


  UUCP:  uunet!tektronix!sail!mikec  or                  M.Cranford
         uunet!tektronix!sail.labs.tek.com!mikec         Principal Troll
  ARPA:  mikec%sail.LABS.TEK.COM@RELAY.CS.NET            Resident Skeptic
  CSNet: mikec@sail.LABS.TEK.COM                         TekLabs, Tektronix


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53793
From: conor@owlnet.rice.edu (Conor Frederick Prischmann)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

In article <C60A0s.DvI@mailer.cc.fsu.edu> dekorte@dirac.scri.fsu.edu (Stephen L. DeKorte) writes:
>
>I saw a 3 hour show on PBS the other day about the history of the
>Jews. Appearently, the Cursades(a religious war agianst the muslilams
>in 'the holy land') sparked the widespread persecution of muslilams 
>and jews in europe. Among the supporters of the persiecution, were none 
>other than Martin Luther, and the Vatican.
>
>Later, Hitler would use Luthers writings to justify his own treatment
>of the jews.
>> Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

Heck, I remember reading a quote of Luther as something like: "Jews should
be shot like deer."  And of course much Catholic doctrine for centuries was 
extremely anti-Semitic.



-- 
"Are you so sure that your truth and your justice are worth more than the
truths and justices of other centuries?" - Simone de Beauvoir
"Where is there a certainty that rises above all doubt and withstands all
critique?" - Karl Jaspers          Rice University, Will Rice College '96

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53794
From: kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1r5e1vINNkn@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:
>
>>>>Wait.  Are we talking about ethics or morals here?
>>>Is the distinction important?
>>Yes.
>
>Well, make it.

Ethics deal with individuals.  Morals deal with groups.

>>>Well, our moral system seems to mimic the natural one, in a number of ways.
>>Please describe these "number of ways" in detail.  Then explain the any
>>contradictions that may arise.
>
>Just look at how human behavior mimics animal behavior.  I couldn't even
>begin to list all of the similarities.  Many of the dissimilarities are due
>to our high intelligence.

Please describe these "number of ways" in detail.  Then explain any
contradictions that may arise.

>>>I don't know.  What is wrong?  Is it possible for humans to survive for
>>>a long time in the wild?  Yes, it's possible, but it is difficult.  Humans
>>>are a social animal, and that is a cause of our success.
>>Define "difficult".
>
>I don't understand what you don't understand.

The sentence, "Yes, it's possible, but it is difficult."  Humans survived
"in the wild" for hundreds of thousands of years.

>>>No.  As noted earlier, lack of mating (such as abstinence or homosexuality)
>>>isn't really destructive to the system.  It is a worst neutral.
>>So if every member of the species was homosexual, this wouldn't be destructive
>>to the survival of the species?
>
>Most animals that exhibit homosexuality are actually bisexual.

Answer the question, Keith.  Is homosexuality detrimental to the survival
of the species?
--
=kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu | B(0-4) c- d- e++ f- g++ k(+) m r(-) s++(+) t | TSAKC=
=My thoughts, my posts, my ideas, my responsibility, my beer, my pizza.  OK???=

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53795
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Bayesian Statistics, theism and atheism

In article <1993Apr24.165301.8321@dcs.warwick.ac.uk> simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale) writes:
#In article <1quei1$8mb@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
#>In article <1993Apr15.181924.21026@dcs.warwick.ac.uk> simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale) writes:
[I write:]
#>>> Imagine that 1000000 Alterian dollars turn up in your bank account every
#>>> month. Suppose further that this money is being paid to you by (a) your 
#>>> big-hearted Alterian benefactor, or (b) a bug in an Alterian ATM.  Let's
#>>> suppose that this is a true dichotomy, so P(a)+P(b)=1. Trouble is, Alterius 
#>>> is in a different universe, so that no observations of Alterius are possible
#>>> (except for the banks - you couldn't possibly afford it ;-)
#>>> 
#>>> Now let's examine the case for (a).  There is no evidence whatsoever that
#>>> there is any such thing as a big-hearted Alterian benefactor. However,
#>>> P(exists(b-h A b)) + P(not(exists(b-h A b)) = 1. On the grounds that 
#>>> lack_of_evidence_for is evidence_against when we have a partition like
#>>> that, we dismiss hypothesis (a).
#>>>
#>>> Turning, therefore, to (b), we also find no evidence to support that
#>>> hypothesis.  On the same grounds as before, we dismiss hypothesis (b).
#>>>
#>>> The problem with this is that we have dismissed *all* of the possible
#>>> hypotheses, and even though we know by construction that the money 
#>>> arrives every month, we have proven that it can't, because we
#>>> have dismissed all of its potential causes.
#
#>> That's an *extremely* poor argument, and here's why.
#>>
#>> Premise 1: "...this money is being paid to you by [either] (a) your big-
#>>             hearted Alterian benefactor, or (b) a bug in an Alterian ATM".
#>> 
#>> Thus each monthly appearance of the bucks, should it happen, is an
#>> observation on Alterius, and by construction, is evidence for the
#>> existence of [either the benefactor or the bug in the ATM].
#>> 
#>> Premise 2: no observations on Alterius are possible.
#
#>     #> (except for the banks - you couldn't possibly afford it ;-)
#>
#> You forgot to include this.  My premise is actually:
#>
#> Premise 2:  The cardinality of the set of possible observations on Alterius
#>             is one.
#
#>> This is clearly contradictory to the first.
#
#> Not if you state it properly.
#
#>> Trouble is, on the basis of premise 2, you say that there can be no evidence
#>> of [either the benefactor or the bug], but the first premise leads to the
#>> conclusion that the appearance of the bucks, should it happen, is evidence
#>> for the existence of [either the benefactor or the bug].
#>> 
#>> Voila, a screaming contradiction.
#
#[with my highlights - SC]
#> But in a strawman argument. There is only evidence for OneOf(Benefactor,Bug).
#> No observation to distinguish Benefactor from Bug is possible. That is
#> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
#> not evidence for Bug, and neither is it evidence for Benefactor. Nor
#> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
#> is true to say that this hypothetical universe appears exactly as
#> if there were no Benefactor/Bug (two statements, both would be false).
#
#This is still contradictory. It reduces to
#
#  (1): Alterian dosh arriving in my account is due to [benefactor or bug].
#
#  (2): this is not evidence for [benefactor], neither is it evidence for
#       [bug] (meaning that it doesn't lend more weight to one than to the
#       other)
#
#  (3): therefore no evidence can exist for [benefactor] and no evidence
#       can exist for [bug].
#
#But (3) relies on a shift in meaning from (2). When you say (paraphrased)
#in (2) that this is not "evidence for [benefactor]", for example, what you
#mean is that it's no *more* evidence for [benefactor] than it is for [bug].

Yes, that's what I mean.

#In (3), however, you've shifted the meaning of "evidence for [benefactor]"
#so that it now means `absolute' "evidence for [benefactor]" rather than
#`relative' "evidence for [benefactor]" w.r.t. [bug].

Not really, I meant evidence that would tend to one over the other.  I
think this is just a communications problem.   What I am trying to say,
in my clumsy way, is that while I buy your theory as far as it relates
to theism making predictions (prayer, your 'Rapture' example), I don't
buy your use of Occam's razor in all cases where A=0.

In my example, one couldn't dismiss
[benefactor] or [bug] on the grounds of simplicity - one of these is necessary
to explain the dosh.  I brought up the 'one-by-one dismissal' process to
show that it would be wrong to do so.  From what you're saying in this
post, it seems you agree, and we're talking at cross-purposes.

#(3) is still in contradiction to (1).
#
#Some sums may help. With B = benefactor, b = bug, d = dosh arrives in account:
#
#  (1) implies  P(B+b | d) = 1
#
#Assuming that P(Bb | d) = 0, so it's either the benefactor *or* a bug
#which is responsible if the bucks arrive, but not both, then
#
#   P(B+b | d)   =   P(B | d) + P(b | d)
#
#so
#
#   P(B | d) + P(b | d)  =  1
#
#but (3) implies that
#
#   P(B | d)  =  0  and  P(b | d)  =  0.

No, this isn't what I meant.  P(B | d) = 0.5 and P(b | d) = 0.5, with
necessarily no new observation (we've already seen the dosh) to change
those estimates.  I was trying to say (again, in my clumsy way) that
it would be _wrong_ to assign 0 probability to either of these.  And that's
precisely what use of the Razor does in the case of gods - gods are
one class of hypothesis (there are many others) belonging to a set of
hypotheses _one_of_which_ is necessary to explain something which otherwise 
would _not_ be satisfactorily explained.  It can be thrown out or
retained on grounds of non-rational preference, not of science or statistics.   
Alternatively, one could chuck out or retain the lot, on the grounds
that the answer can't be known, or that the notional probability estimates
are effectively useless, being equal (agnosticism/weak atheism).

#> As they do when the set M is filled by "the universe is caused by x",
#> where x is gods, pink unicorns, nothing, etc.  - and no observation
#> tends to one conclusion over the other.
#
#Exactly the point I was making, I think. So we don't "throw out" any of
#these, contrary to your assertion above that we do.

Some people do, Simon, and they think they are doing excellent science.
My sole point was that they aren't.

#>> Only observations which directly contradict the hypothesis H[i] (i.e. x
#>> where P(x | H[i]) = 0) can cause P(H[i]) to go to zero after a finite
#>> number of observations. Only in this case do we get to throw any of the
#>> hypotheses out.
#
#> Exactly my point, though I may have been unclear.
#
#You said the diametric opposite, which I guess is the source of my confusion.

I was merely trying to illustrate the incorrectness of doing so.

#> What I'm trying to say is that while you are correct to say that absence of
#> evidence can sometimes be evidence of absence, this does not hold true for
#> all, or perhaps any, versions of theism - and it isn't true that those for
#> which it does not hold can be discarded using the razor.
#
#On the contrary, those for which it does not hold are *exactly* those which
#can be discarded using the Razor. See my post on the other branch of this
#thread.

Then you seem to be guilty of the contradiction you accuse me of.  If
the razor holds for gods, then it holds for all like hypotheses.  Which
means that you're assigning P(x | H[i]) =0 for all i, though we've already
established that it's not correct to do so when SUM(P(x|H[i]))=1 over
all i.

#> Simply put, anyone who claims to have a viable proof of the existence or
#> non-existence of gods, whether inductive or no, is at best mistaken, and
#> at worst barking mad.
#
#Luckily I make no such claim, and have specifically said as much on numerous
#occasions. You wouldn't be constructing a strawman here, would you Frank?
#Although that doesn't, of course, rule out my being barking mad in any case
#(I could be barking mad in my spare time, with apologies to Cleese et al).
#
#But I think you miss the point once again. When I say that something is
#"evidence against" an hypothesis, that doesn't imply that observation of
#the said something necessarily *falsifies* the hypothesis, reducing the
#estimate of P(H | data) to zero. If it *reduces* this quantity, it's still
#evidence against H.

No, I got that.  I'm talking about the case when A=0.  You're clearly
correct when A!=0.   And I'm not constructing a strawman (though it's
certainly possible that I've misunderstood what you're saying).  However,
by any standards, a system that says when A=0, gods are highly unlikely,
and when A!=0 gods can be dismissed using the Razor, is a system purporting
to be an inductive proof that gods either don't exist, or are unnecessary
to explain any or all phenomena.  In my experience, systems such as this
(including those which purport to prove that gods exist) always contain
a fallacy upon close examination.  If that's not what you're saying, then
please put me straight.
-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53798
From: christen@astro.ocis.temple.edu (Carl Christensen)
Subject: Re: Asimov stamp

battin@cyclops.iucf.indiana.edu (Laurence Gene Battin) writes:
>Apart from the suggestion that appeared in the letters column of
>Skeptical Inquirer recently, has there been any further mention
>about a possible Asimov commemorative stamp?  If this idea hasn't
>been followed up, does anyone know what needs to be done to get
>this to happen?  I think that its a great idea.  Should we start a
>petition or something?

I believe that there's a 10 year period from time of death until
a person can be on a commemorative stamp.  It was broken once
for Lyndon Johnson (I think) but other than that it has held for
awhile.  Of course, we can still start now -- the Elvis stamp
was petitioned for ages and things really moved once it got
past the 10 year anniversary of his death.

--
Carl Christensen                /~~\_/~\        ,,,  Dept. of Computer Science
christen@astro.ocis.temple.edu |  #=#==========#   | Temple University        
"Curiouser and curiouser!" - LC \__/~\_/        ```  Philadelphia, PA  USA   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53801
From: kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran)
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

In article <1r8ou3$41u@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
>In article <1993Apr22.070854.18213@nuscc.nus.sg> cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes:
>#I'll be leaving in June.  That's because I'm going back to my university
>#& alt.atheism is banned there (stupid theist intolerance).  Sad isn't it.  
>#Anybody has any idea how I can circumvent this problem?
>
[Frank's solution deleted.]

If you have access to telnet, contact nyx.cs.du.edu.  It's a public access
Unix system, completly free, and all you need to for access is a verifiable
form of ID (I think he requires a notarized copy of a picture, or a check, or
some such).
--
=kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu | B(0-4) c- d- e++ f- g++ k(+) m r(-) s++(+) t | TSAKC=
=My thoughts, my posts, my ideas, my responsibility, my beer, my pizza.  OK???=

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53803
Subject: Re: Age of Reason Was: Who has read Rushdie's
From: SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (Scott D. Sauyet)

sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:

> This is the story of Kent, the archetype Finn, that lives in the 
> Bay Area, and tried to purchase Thomas Paine's "Age of Reason". This
> man was driving around, to Staceys, to Books Inc, to "Well, Cleanlighted
> Place", to Daltons, to various other places.
> 
> When he asked for this book, the well educated American book store
> assistants in most placed asked him to check out the thriller section,
> or then they said that his book has not been published yet, but they
> should receive the book soon. In some places the assistants bluntly
> said that they don't know of such an author, or that he is not 
> a well known living author, so they don't keep copies of his books.
> 
> Such is the life and times of America, 200+ years after the revolution.

On a similar note, a good friend of mine worked as a clerk in a
chain bookstore.  Several of his peers were amazing, one woman in
particular:

A customer asked her if they had _The Autobiography of Benjamin
Franklin_.  "Who's it by?" was her first question.  Then, "Is he
still alive?"  Then, "Is it fiction or non-fiction?" 

Finally my friend intervened, and showed the guy where it was.
 
It makes one wonder what the standards of employment are.

 -- Scott Sauyet            ssauyet@eagle.wesleyan.edu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53804
Subject: Re: STRONG & weak Atheism
From: SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (Scott D. Sauyet)

In <930421.122032.2c0.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew writes:

> > Did that FAQ ever got modified to re-define strong atheists as not those who
> > assert the nonexistence of God, but as those who assert that they BELIEVE in 
> > the nonexistence of God?
> 
> In a word, yes.
> 
> mathew

Mathew:

Could you let us know when this happened, so I can see if my version
is as up-to-date as possible?  I try to re-save the FAQs once in a 
while, but otherwise I ignore their regular postings, so I wouldn't 
generally notice such a change.

And I like to stay current.

Thanks,

 -- Scott

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53805
From: KPH@ECL.PSU.EDU (Kyle P Hunter)
Subject: A PROBLEM WITH OMNIPOTENCE

I recall a discussion I had heard years ago. It went something like this: 
The problem with omnipotence (at least as I perceive it) as personified by 
the christian God ideal is that it is potentially contradictory.  If a 
manifestation such as God is truly infinite in power can God place limits 
upon itself?
.
.
Some stuff I can't recall.
Then some other questions I think I recall correctly:
Can God unmake itself?
Can God make itself (assuming it doesn't yet exist)?
Has God has always existed or is it necessary for an observer to bind all of
Gods potential quantum states into reality?
Was God nothing more than a primordial force of nature that existed during
the earliest stages of universal (inflationary?) creation?
Is God a vacuum fluctuation?
Given a great enough energy density could we re-create God?
Would that make US God and God something else?
.
.
Some more stuff I don't recall concerning creating God.  Followed by:
Is God self-aware?
Is it necessary that God be self-aware?
Is God a living entity?
Is it necessay that God be a living entity?
Is God unchanging or does it evolve?
.
.
Any comments? Post them so that others might benefit from the open inquiry
and resulting discussion.

Kyle



 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53806
From: Edwin Gans
Subject: Atheism

 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53807
From: kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <8473@pharaoh.cyborg.bt.co.uk> martin@pharaoh.cyborg.bt.co.uk (Martin Gorman) writes:
>JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu writes:
>
>>YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
>>PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>>
>Oh fuck off.

Actually, I just think he's confused.  *I'm* going to hell because I'm Gay,
not becuase I don't believe in God.

(I wonder if that means I can't come to Tammy & Deans picnic?)
--
=kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu | B(0-4) c- d- e++ f- g++ k(+) m r(-) s++(+) t | TSAKC=
=My thoughts, my posts, my ideas, my responsibility, my beer, my pizza.  OK???=
=                 "Because I'm the Daddy.  That's why."                       =

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53808
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Requests

In article <C5qLLG.4BC@mailer.cc.fsu.edu>, mayne@pipe.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne) writes:
|> In article <pww-190493085759@spac-at1-59.rice.edu> pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker) writes:
|> >
|> >Didn't the Church get lightning rods banned in several European countries
|> >in the eighteenth century because it was widely believed that they
|> >interfered with god's striking down of blasphemers? I seem to remember that
|> >this was more common in eastern Europe.
|> 
|> I don't know about eastern Europe, but according to Bertrand Russell,
|> writing in Science and Mysticism (I think, though it could have been
|> another book) said that preachers in colonial Boston attributed an
|> earthquake to God's wrath over people putting up lightning rods, which
|> they had been preaching against as interference with God's will. Being
|> deprived of lightning bolts as a method to get at sinners He evidently
|> resorted to sterner measures.
|> 
|> No smilies. I am not making this up.


I'm sure you are not.   After the "San Francisco" Earthquake 
a couple of years ago, there was a flurry of traffic on 
talk.religion.misc about how this was the result of the 
notorious homo- this that and t'other in the City.

The fact that the Earthquake was actually down the road in
Santa Cruz/Watsonville didn't seem to phase them any.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53809
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

Kent Sandvik and Jon Livesey made essentially the same response, so this
time Kent's article gets the reply:

>I agree, but this started at one particular point in time, and we 
>don't know when this starting point of 'accurately copied scriptures'
>actually happened. 

This begs the question of whether it ever "started"-- perhaps because
accuracy was always an intention.

>Even worse, if the events in NT were not written by eye witness accounts (a
>high probability looking at possible dates when the first Gospels were
>ready) then we have to take into account all the problems with information
>forwarded with the 'telephone metaphor', indeed.

It makes little difference if you have eyewitnesses or people one step away
(reporters, if you will).  As I said earlier, the "telephone" metaphor is
innately bad, because the purpose of a game of telephone is contrary to the
aims of writing these sorts of texts.  (Also, I would point out that, by the
standards generally asserted in this group, the distinction between
eyewitnesses and others is hollow, since nobody can be shown to be an
eyewitness, or indeed, even shown to be the author of the text.)

There is no evidence that the "original" texts of either the OT or the NT
are largely lost over time in a sea of errors, "corrections", additions and
deletions.  In the case of the NT, the evidence is strongly in the other
direction: the Textus R. and the Nestle-Aland text do not differ on more
than a low level of significance.  It is reasonable to assume a similar
situation for the OT, based on the NT as a model.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53810
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In article <C5s9tv.10H@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
|> In <1qvh8tINNsg6@citation.ksu.ksu.edu> yohan@citation.ksu.ksu.edu (Jonathan W 
|> Newton) writes:
|> 
|> 
|> >In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
|> Cobb) writes:
|> >>Merely a question for the basis of morality
|> >>
|> >>Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.
|> 
|> >I disagree with these.  What society thinks should be irrelevant.  What the
|> >individual decides is all that is important.
|> 
|> This doesn't seem right.  If I want to kill you, I can because that is what I
|> decide?

Sounds as though you are confused between "what I want" and "what
I think is morally right".

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53811
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Why Rushdie's writings are unappreciated

In article <1quc6u$8qu@cc.tut.fi>, a137490@lehtori.cc.tut.fi (Aario Sami) writes:
|> In <114902@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> 
|> >In article <C53JqD.MDB@blaze.cs.jhu.edu> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
|> >>In article <114320@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> 
|> >>>It has been asked why no counter-fatwa has been issued against
|> >>>Khomenei's condemnation of Rushdies because of his _Satanic Verses_.
|> >>>The reason is basically that the "satanic verses" from which Rushdie
|> >>>took his title are a serious matter not to be played around with by
|> >>>anyone who cares about Islam.
|> 
|> >>This shouldn't matter.
|> 
|> >That's your opinion, which I am sorry to say is irrelevant.
|> 
|> >Gregg
|> 
|> This guy sounds more than a little borg-ish!

Vell, this is perfectly normal behaviour Vor a Vogon, you know?

jon. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 53812
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

I just received some new information regarding the issue of 
BCCI and whether it is an Islamic bank etc.

I am now about to post it under the heading

"BCCI".

Look for it there!

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54125
From: cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan)
Subject: Re: Why?

boyd@acsu.buffalo.edu (Daniel F Boyd) writes:
: 
: If the Bible is such incredible proof of Christianity, then why aren't
: the Muslims or the Hindus convinced?
: 
: If the Qur'an is such incredible proof of Islam, then why aren't the
: Hindus or the Christians convinced?

If God exists, why aren't atheists convinced?

--

------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
                  |
Tan Chade Meng    |   "Yes, sir, I have only ONE question:
Singapore         | 
cmtan@iss.nus.sg  |    What is going on?!" 
                  |
------------------+--------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54126
From: cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan)
Subject: Christianity & Logic (was: Xtian Morality is)


In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
>that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
 
>        If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
>know more than you do now.         ^^^^^^ 

I once heard an arguement from a xtian friend similar to this.
"Christianity is a Higher Logic.  Athiest like u will not be able
to understand it.  Your atheist logic is very low.  Only thru faith can 
we understand the Higher Logic in God".

So I asked him, "So what is this Higher Logic?"

His answer, "I don't know."

This, & the posting above highlights one of the worst things about
xtainity.  It is abundantly clear to both atheists & xtains that
their believe is both illogical & irrational.  Their tactics, therefore:
to disregard logic & rationality altogether.  Silly excuses such as
the ones above and those such as, "How can u trust science, science
was invented by man!", only goes to further show the weakness of
their religion.

In my country where xtainity was and still is rapidly growing, xtains
never try to convert people by appealing to their brains or senses.
They know it would be a fruitless act, given the irrational nature
of their faith.
They would wait until a person is in distress, then they would comfort
him/her and addict them to their emotional opium.

Never in my life had I met a person who converted to xtainity coz it's
"reasonable".  Rationality has no place in xtainity (see xtian arguement
against "reason" above).

--

The UnEnlightened One
------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
                  | 
Tan Chade Meng    | The wise man tells his wife that he understands her.
Singapore         | 
cmtan@iss.nus.sg  | The fool tries to prove it. 
                  | 
------------------+--------------------------------------------------------


--

The UnEnlightened One
------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
                  | 
Tan Chade Meng    | The wise man tells his wife that he understands her.
Singapore         | 
cmtan@iss.nus.sg  | The fool tries to prove it. 
                  | 
------------------+--------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54127
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <madhausC5yD87.KIp@netcom.com>, madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann) writes:
> healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes: >
> 
> >Tammy "See, Maddi, I trimmed it!" Healy
> 
> Well, you're going to have to practice, but you're getting
> the hang of it.  Soon we're going to have to give you a new
> nickname.  Try these on for size:
> 
> Tammy "Lucky Seven" Healy
> Tammy "Pass the falafel" Healy
> Tammy "R Us" Healy
> Tammy "Learning by Doing" Healy

The "R Us" thing is trademarked.  I don't know if Charles
Lazarus is dead or alive, but I'd be careful, because with
a name like Lazarus, he might rise again just to start a
lawsuit.

Dean Kaflowitz

(I knew an architect once who, I swear, was employed to design
the signs for the Toys R Us and Kids R Us stores.  The signs.
The things they stick over the store or up on a big pole so they
can be seen from the highway.  What a job.  All those hours in
school studying to be an architect so you can tell them to move
the pole ten feet closer to the highway.)


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54128
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <C63AEC.FB3@cbnewsj.cb.att.com> decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz) writes:

>The "R Us" thing is trademarked.  I don't know if Charles
>Lazarus is dead or alive, but I'd be careful, because with
>a name like Lazarus, he might rise again just to start a
>lawsuit.

	The "R Us" is not trademarked, but the "Backwards R Us" is, I 
believe.



---

  Speaking of proofs of God, the funniest one I have ever seen was in a
  term paper handed in by a freshman.  She wrote, "God must exist, because
  he wouldn't be so mean as to make me believe he exists if he really
  doesn't!"  Is this argument really so much worse than the ontological
  proofs of the existence of God provided by Anselm and Descartes, among
  others?

                  Raymond Smullyan
                  [From "5,000 B.C. and Other Philosophical Fantasies".]
                  

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54129
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: 27 fundamental beliefs of SDA

In article <healta.183.735790222@saturn.wwc.edu> healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:

>     I was asked to post list of the SDA Church's basic beliefs.  The SDA 
>church has always been reluctant to formalize a creed in the usual sense of 
>word.  However, the powers that be in the church deemed it neccessary to 
>publish a summary of basic SDA beliefs.

	May I ask why they are afraid to do so?

---

  Speaking of proofs of God, the funniest one I have ever seen was in a
  term paper handed in by a freshman.  She wrote, "God must exist, because
  he wouldn't be so mean as to make me believe he exists if he really
  doesn't!"  Is this argument really so much worse than the ontological
  proofs of the existence of God provided by Anselm and Descartes, among
  others?

                  Raymond Smullyan
                  [From "5,000 B.C. and Other Philosophical Fantasies".]
                  

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54131
From: T.G.Nattress@newcastle.ac.uk (Graeme Nattress)
Subject: Re: Cults Vs. Religions?

jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu (James Thomas Green) writes:


A religion is a cult which if those in power belong to it.

Actually, they're all bull shit.

Graeme,
{---    T.G.Nattress@uk.ac.ncl -----------------------------------------}
{-----Hitler is Nibor from the Planet Vashir, the Galactic     ---------}
{---  shape-changing psychopath. ---------------------------------------}
{-----John, The Tomorrow People, Hitler's Last Secret.------------------}

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54133
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <healta.176.735768613@saturn.wwc.edu>, healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:
> In article <1993Apr25.020546.22426@mnemosyne.cs.du.edu> kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:
> >From: kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran)
> >Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!
> >Date: Sun, 25 Apr 93 02:05:46 GMT
> >In article <8473@pharaoh.cyborg.bt.co.uk> martin@pharaoh.cyborg.bt.co.uk (Martin Gorman) writes:
> >>JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu writes:
> >>
> >>>YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
> >>>PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
> >>>
> >>Oh fuck off.
> >
> >Actually, I just think he's confused.  *I'm* going to hell because I'm Gay,
> >not becuase I don't believe in God.
> >
> >(I wonder if that means I can't come to Tammy & Deans picnic?)
> 
> Of course you can come.  I said "ALL a.a posters are invited" and I didn't 
> put a "No homosexual" clause.  Bring some munchies and join the party!!!
> I can't imagine Dean objecting, either.

Knowing Keith, I expect he'll bring the leather accessories.

Better oil it well.  Leather cracks when it dries.

Dean Kaflowitz


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54134
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Poisoning the well (was: Islamic Genocide)

In article <1rbpq0$ibg@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
 
>
>In article <16BBACBC3.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>#By the way, that's why I consider you a theist:
>
>[7 points, consisting of rhetorical fallacy, unsupported claims, and
>demonstrable falsehoods deleted]
>
 
No wonder that we don't see any detail for this claim. It is good to
remember that you have answered the statement that you are a theist
by another correspondent with that you are not a member of a denomination.
It is either stupidity or an attempt at a trick answer. Not unlike the
rest of your arguments.
 
 
>Mr. Roseneau, I have little patience with people who tell me what I
>believe, and who call me a liar when I disagree.  I'm in a position
>not only to know what it is that I believe, but to say so.  I am an
>agnostic.
>
 
I am extremely wary of the way you use words. Like in this case, there
are broader definitions of gods used by persons who are considered by
themselves and others theists. I have pointed to that in my post. You
use one of them.
 
Your use of definitions seems to rest on the assumption: because my
moral is objective/absolute or the other buzz words you are so fond
of, everybody will know it, and there is no need to define it more
exactly.
 
And as a user has shown recently, the easiest way to dispell you is
to ask you for definitions.
 
 
>You are of course, free to speculate on my motives for objecting
>to seeming irrational bigotry if you wish, but the flaws which I
>point out in your arguments stand on their own merits.
 
Since you are the only one seeing them, and many correspondents
point to the flaws in your reasoning respectively discussing, I
can't say I am impressed.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54135
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <C62B52.LKz@blaze.cs.jhu.edu>, arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
> In article <w_briggs-250493134303@ccresources6h58.cc.utas.edu.au> w_briggs@postoffice.utas.edu.au (William Briggs) writes:
> >Wasn't JC a carpenter?  Anyway that's beside the point. I think the fact
> >that is more compelling is JC fulfilling the prophecies when the prophecies
> >include him getting killed in the most agonizing possible way.
> 
> This is nonsense.
> 
> I can think of a lot more agonizing ways to get killed.  Fatal cancer, for
> instance.
> 
> Anyone else have some more?  Maybe we can make a list.

Actually, I find the stuff about JC being a carpenter more
interesting.  Is there an independent source for this assertion,
or is it all from the Christian Bible?  Is there any record at
all of anything he built?  A table, a house, some stairs (Norm
Abrams says the real test of a carpenter's skill is building
stairs with hand tools).  Did he leave any plans behind for, say
kitchen counters and cabinets?  Did he build his own cross?
If so, did he use pressure-treated lumber?  Gotta use that
pressure-treated anywhere that wood meets concrete, but it
holds up better anyway for mose outdoor applications.  I keep
seeing these bumper-stickers that say "My boss is a Jewish
Carpenter," but they're always on the back of Ford Escorts,
and a real carpenter's apprentice would probably drive a
pickup, so I'm out for verification that he really was a
carpenter.

Dean Kaflowitz

Sometimes I like to get away from the shack
Catfish ain't pretty
But they don't talk back
Goin' fishin' again
Goin' fishin' again
Me and my no good friends
Sure goin' fishin' again



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54136
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <1993Apr26.000410.18114@daffy.cs.wisc.edu>, mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
> In article <C62B52.LKz@blaze.cs.jhu.edu> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
> >I can think of a lot more agonizing ways to get killed.  Fatal cancer, for
> >instance.
> >
> >Anyone else have some more?  Maybe we can make a list.
> How about dying of a blood clot in a _very_ bad place.

Kidney stones with complete blockage.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54137
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <kmr4.1718.735827952@po.CWRU.edu>, kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
> In article <C63AEC.FB3@cbnewsj.cb.att.com> decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz) writes:
> 
> >The "R Us" thing is trademarked.  I don't know if Charles
> >Lazarus is dead or alive, but I'd be careful, because with
> >a name like Lazarus, he might rise again just to start a
> >lawsuit.
> 
> 	The "R Us" is not trademarked, but the "Backwards R Us" is, I 
> believe.

Yup, I think you're right.  My mistake.  Now, how do I make
an "R" backwards using a computer keyboard?

I'll bet the gods know how (this is alt.atheism, after
all).  Tell you what, if all my "R"s start coming out
backwards when I type from now on, I'll become a believer.

(And that's not asking for miracles.  If I asked for a miracle,
I'd ask for a real miracle, like for Pat Buchanan to become
an out-of-the-closet drag queen - well...maybe that wouldn't be
so miraculous, but I think he'd look fabulous in a feather
boa and a sequined hat like Mia Farrow wore in Gatsby.)

Dean Kaflowitz


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54138
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: It's all Mary's fault!

In article <w_briggs-250493154912@ccresources6h59.cc.utas.edu.au>
w_briggs@postoffice.utas.edu.au (William Briggs) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>> Lucky for them that the baby didn't have any obvious deformities!  I could
>> just see it now: Mary gets pregnant out of wedlock so to save face she and
>> Joseph say that it was God that got her pregnant and then the baby turns
>> out to be deformed, or even worse, stillborn!  They'd have a lot of
>> explaining to do.... :-)
>
>A few points guys, (oops guy and gal but I use the term guy asexually):
>
>- Has the same sort of conspiracy ever occurred since, (I mean there must
>have been dozen of times in the past two thousand years when it would have
>been opportune time for a 'messiah' to be born.
>
 
It has. There is a guy running around in Switzerland who claims to have
been conceived similarly. His mother says the same. His father is said to
be a bit surprised.
 
But anyway, there have been a lot of Messiahs, and many have had a similar
story about their birth. Or their death. A list of Messiahs could be quite
interesting.
 
 
>- Wouldn't you feel bad if you turned out to be wrong and the conception of
>Christ was via God?  I can just imagine your faces as Mary asks you if
>you've ever had a child yourself.
>
 
I would wonder why an omnipotent god pulls such stunts instead of providing
evidence for everyone to check. And the whole question is absurd.
 
Wouldn't you feel bad if you'd find out that stones are sentient, and that
you have stepped on them all your life? And wouldn't you feel bad when you'd
see the proof that Jesus was just a plot of Satan?
 
 
>- If they wanted to save image they could have done what Joseph planned to
>do in the first place - have a quite wedding and an equally quite divorce,
>(I think it was quite easy to do under Jewish law).  In that regard they
>would have been pretty DUMB to think up a conspiracy like the one you've
>outlined in that they a bringing attention on themselves.  (Messiah
>appearances were like Royal Scandals in zero AD Israel, (see the part in
>Acts when the Sandhedrin are discussing what to do about the growth of the
>new Church, (i.e. one wise guy said - leave it alone and if it is what it
>says it is nothing can stop it and if it isn't then it will just fizzle out
>anyway)).
>
 
You've forgotten the pride factor.
 
 
>- It didn't fizzle, (the Church I mean).
>
 
The argument is a fallacy. It is like "thanks for reading this far" on the end
of a letter. Most religions claim that they won't fizzle because they contain
some eternal truth. So does Christianity. Since there are old religions it is
no wonder to find old religions that have it that they would last.
 
Roll twelve dice. Calculate the chance for the result. Argue that there must
be something special about the result because an event with a chance of
1/(6**12) could hardly happen by chance only. Feel elevated because you have
participated in letting that special event take place.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54139
From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>>Robert Beauchine wrote:
>: RB>   No, that's praying on the young.  Preying on the young comes
>: RB>   later, when the bright eyed little altar boy finds out what the
>: RB>   priest really wears under that chasible.
>Does this statement further the atheist cause in some way, surely it's
>not intended as wit ...



Surely it was intended as wit.

By the way, which "atheist cause" were you referring to, Bill?


-- 
---                      __  _______                              ---
||| Kevin Marshall       \ \/ /_  _/  Computer Science Department |||
||| Virginia Tech         \  / / /     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu |||
--- Blacksburg, Virginia   \/ /_/                  (703) 232-6529 ---

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54141
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Room for Metaphor?

In article <bakerlj.27.735422537@augustana.edu> bakerlj@augustana.edu (LLOYD BAKER) writes:
>What I want is a response 
>giving me the pros and cons of Metaphorical religious language. Could an 
>atheist accept this view without giving up the foundamentals of what he 
>believes in?  

Could an atheist accept a usage in which religious literature or
tradition is viewed in a metaphorical way?  Of course: this is
essentially what we do with Homer, or with other concepts such as
fate, luck, free will ;-)...  However, there remains the question of
whether the religious literature of -- say -- Christianity is a
particularly *good* set of metaphors for the world today.  It's also
entirely unclear, and to me quite unlikely, that one could take a
contemporary religion like that and divorce the metaphoric potential
from the literalism and absolutism it carries now in many cases.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54142
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Moraltiy? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1r5cmnINNb8@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >Pardon me?   *I* am trying to apply human terms to non-humans?
|> 
|> That's right.  You are basically stating that morality can only deal with
|> humans, because only humans are sentient enough to be moral (that is,
|> you say that morality can only deal with intentions?).

I have never said that only humans are the only beings which are
sufficiently sentient to have intentions.   In fact, I have explicitly
said that I am perfectly happy to consider that some animals *are*
capable of forming intentions.

What I am objecting to is considering programmed or instinctive
behaviour to have moral significance, since, it seems to me, 
such behaviour does *not* involve intention.

|> 
|> >>I think that even if someone is not conscious of an alternative, 
|> >>this does not prevent his behavior from being moral.
|> >I'm sure you do think this, if you say so.   How about trying to
|> >convince me?
|> 
|> I think that a moral act is moral whether or not the implementor 
|> thinks it is.

That's not the point.   The point is whether the implementor thinks
*at all*.    The issue is not whether thinking produces opinion A
or opinion B, but whether thinking takes place, period.

|> 
|> >I've offered, four times, I think, to accept your definition if
|> >you allow me to ascribe moral significence to the orbital motion
|> >of the planets.
|> 
|> Hmm... perhaps you can ascribe it.  I could say that many human actions
|> are not "natural" and thus don't follow a natural morality.

Since humans are part of nature, are not all human actions "natural".

Or perhaps you're going to throw in a definition of "natural" that
will allow us to describe some actions as "natural" and some as 
"not natural".   If so, what is the definition?


|> Other than those death which surround mating rituals, other animals 
|> just don't kill each other (within a species) that often, do they?  

Sure they do, as multiple posters have show you.   Sharks, for example,
eat wounded sharks.   I've personally seen cats eat their newborn.

Are you in some kind of denial?   People give you example after example,
and you go off the air for a week, and then pop up claiming that it 
never happened.    It's very strange.

|> But why don't animals kill each other?

See what I mean.   Here we go again.   What do we have to do: write
up a tailor-made FAQ just for Mr Schneider?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54143
From: gck@aero.org (Gregory C. Kozlowski)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!



This is hell.  Hasn't anyone noticed?


<< Consensual reality is a special case >>




Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54144
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism)

In article <1993Apr25.165315.1190@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
 
>>(Deletion)
>>>"(God is) the One Who created the night, the day, the sun and the moon.
>>>Each is travelling in an orbit with its own motion." (Qur'an :33)
>>>
(Deletion)
>>Well, that is certainly different, but it looks as if there is a translation
>>found for everything. By the way, I am most surprised to hear that night and
>>day move in an orbit.
>
>I thought about this, too -- some translations refer to only the latter
>two objects being in orbit, but Bucaille's translation seems to indicate
>the night and the day travelling in "orbit" too.  Perhaps this can be
>understood when one looks at it from the earth's reference frame -- from
>this reference frame, the day and the night would appear to "orbit" the
>earth (travelling from east to west).  (This is from the reference frame
>when the earth is still.)
>
 
Well, yes, but that belongs in the other group, there is a interpretation
found for everything. However, allowing any form of interpretation reduces
the information of the text so interprteted to zero.
 
By the way, I have checked the quote and I think the lines preceding those
quoted above are more interesting:
 
   21:32 where mountains are set on earth in order to immobilize the earth.
   21:33 where the skies (heavens?) are referred to as well supported.
 
the lines given above are  21:34 after my edition.
 
 
>Maybe this is what is meant by the above....?  It's just a possibility.
>
>>And that the sun travels in an orbit without saying that earth does, too,
>>sounds geocentric to me.
>
>I will see if I can find out more about this.
>
>But it is still not geocentric.
>
 
That sun and moon move and the earth is immobile sounds geocentric to me.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54160
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1r5emjINNmk@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
|> 
|> >But, this just shows then that painful execution is not considered 
|> >"cruel" and unusual punishment. This shows that "cruel" as used in the 
|> >constitution does NOT refer to whether or not the punishment causes physical 
|> >pain.
|> >Rather, it must be a different meaning.
|> 
|> I don't think so.  Although some forms of execution are painful (the electric
|> chair looks particularly so), I think the pain is relatively short-lived.
|> Drawing and quartering, on the other hand, looks very painful, and the
|> victim wouldn't die right away (he'd bleed to death, I'd imagine).

So what do we have now, an integral over pain X time?

I get to lash you with a wet noodle for ever, but I only get to
cut you up with a power saw if I'm quick about it?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54163
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Atheist Resources

Archive-name: atheism/resources
Alt-atheism-archive-name: resources
Last-modified: 5 April 1993
Version: 1.1

                              Atheist Resources

                      Addresses of Atheist Organizations

                                     USA

FREEDOM FROM RELIGION FOUNDATION

Darwin fish bumper stickers and assorted other atheist paraphernalia are
available from the Freedom From Religion Foundation in the US.

Write to:  FFRF, P.O. Box 750, Madison, WI 53701.
Telephone: (608) 256-8900

EVOLUTION DESIGNS

Evolution Designs sell the "Darwin fish".  It's a fish symbol, like the ones
Christians stick on their cars, but with feet and the word "Darwin" written
inside.  The deluxe moulded 3D plastic fish is $4.95 postpaid in the US.

Write to:  Evolution Designs, 7119 Laurel Canyon #4, North Hollywood,
           CA 91605.

People in the San Francisco Bay area can get Darwin Fish from Lynn Gold --
try mailing <figmo@netcom.com>.  For net people who go to Lynn directly, the
price is $4.95 per fish.

SET FREE

Atheist stickers, T-shirts and books.

Write to:  Set Free, P.O. Box 3065-192, Garden Grove, CA 92642.

AMERICAN ATHEIST PRESS

AAP publish various atheist books -- critiques of the Bible, lists of
Biblical contradictions, and so on.  One such book is:

"The Bible Handbook" by W.P. Ball and G.W. Foote.  American Atheist Press.
372 pp.  ISBN 0-910309-26-4, 2nd edition, 1986.  Bible contradictions,
absurdities, atrocities, immoralities... contains Ball, Foote: "The Bible
Contradicts Itself", AAP.  Based on the King James version of the Bible.

Write to:  American Atheist Press, P.O. Box 140195, Austin, TX 78714-0195.
      or:  7215 Cameron Road, Austin, TX 78752-2973.
Telephone: (512) 458-1244
Fax:       (512) 467-9525

PROMETHEUS BOOKS

Sell books including Haught's "Holy Horrors" (see below).

Write to:  700 East Amherst Street, Buffalo, New York 14215.
Telephone: (716) 837-2475.

An alternate address (which may be newer or older) is:
Prometheus Books, 59 Glenn Drive, Buffalo, NY 14228-2197.

AFRICAN-AMERICANS FOR HUMANISM

An organization promoting black secular humanism and uncovering the history of
black freethought.  They publish a quarterly newsletter, AAH EXAMINER.

Write to:  Norm R. Allen, Jr., African Americans for Humanism, P.O. Box 664,
           Buffalo, NY 14226.

                                United Kingdom

Rationalist Press Association          National Secular Society
88 Islington High Street               702 Holloway Road
London N1 8EW                          London N19 3NL
071 226 7251                           071 272 1266

British Humanist Association           South Place Ethical Society
14 Lamb's Conduit Passage              Conway Hall
London WC1R 4RH                        Red Lion Square
071 430 0908                           London WC1R 4RL
fax 071 430 1271                       071 831 7723

The National Secular Society publish "The Freethinker", a monthly magazine
founded in 1881.

                                   Germany

IBKA e.V.
Internationaler Bund der Konfessionslosen und Atheisten
Postfach 880, D-1000 Berlin 41. Germany.

IBKA publish a journal:
MIZ. (Materialien und Informationen zur Zeit. Politisches
Journal der Konfessionslosesn und Atheisten. Hrsg. IBKA e.V.)
MIZ-Vertrieb, Postfach 880, D-1000 Berlin 41. Germany.

For atheist books, write to:

IBDK, Internationaler B"ucherdienst der Konfessionslosen
Postfach 3005, D-3000 Hannover 1. Germany.
Telephone: 0511/211216


                               Books -- Fiction

THOMAS M. DISCH

"The Santa Claus Compromise"
Short story.  The ultimate proof that Santa exists.  All characters and 
events are fictitious.  Any similarity to living or dead gods -- uh, well...

WALTER M. MILLER, JR

"A Canticle for Leibowitz"
One gem in this post atomic doomsday novel is the monks who spent their lives
copying blueprints from "Saint Leibowitz", filling the sheets of paper with
ink and leaving white lines and letters.

EDGAR PANGBORN

"Davy"
Post atomic doomsday novel set in clerical states.  The church, for example,
forbids that anyone "produce, describe or use any substance containing...
atoms". 

PHILIP K. DICK

Philip K. Dick Dick wrote many philosophical and thought-provoking short 
stories and novels.  His stories are bizarre at times, but very approachable.
He wrote mainly SF, but he wrote about people, truth and religion rather than
technology.  Although he often believed that he had met some sort of God, he
remained sceptical.  Amongst his novels, the following are of some relevance:

"Galactic Pot-Healer"
A fallible alien deity summons a group of Earth craftsmen and women to a
remote planet to raise a giant cathedral from beneath the oceans.  When the
deity begins to demand faith from the earthers, pot-healer Joe Fernwright is
unable to comply.  A polished, ironic and amusing novel.

"A Maze of Death"
Noteworthy for its description of a technology-based religion.

"VALIS"
The schizophrenic hero searches for the hidden mysteries of Gnostic
Christianity after reality is fired into his brain by a pink laser beam of
unknown but possibly divine origin.  He is accompanied by his dogmatic and
dismissively atheist friend and assorted other odd characters.

"The Divine Invasion"
God invades Earth by making a young woman pregnant as she returns from
another star system.  Unfortunately she is terminally ill, and must be
assisted by a dead man whose brain is wired to 24-hour easy listening music.

MARGARET ATWOOD

"The Handmaid's Tale"
A story based on the premise that the US Congress is mysteriously
assassinated, and fundamentalists quickly take charge of the nation to set it
"right" again.  The book is the diary of a woman's life as she tries to live
under the new Christian theocracy.  Women's right to own property is revoked,
and their bank accounts are closed; sinful luxuries are outlawed, and the
radio is only used for readings from the Bible.  Crimes are punished
retroactively: doctors who performed legal abortions in the "old world" are
hunted down and hanged.  Atwood's writing style is difficult to get used to
at first, but the tale grows more and more chilling as it goes on.

VARIOUS AUTHORS

"The Bible"
This somewhat dull and rambling work has often been criticized.  However, it
is probably worth reading, if only so that you'll know what all the fuss is
about.  It exists in many different versions, so make sure you get the one
true version.

                             Books -- Non-fiction

PETER DE ROSA

"Vicars of Christ", Bantam Press, 1988
Although de Rosa seems to be Christian or even Catholic this is a very
enlighting history of papal immoralities, adulteries, fallacies etc.
(German translation: "Gottes erste Diener. Die dunkle Seite des Papsttums",
Droemer-Knaur, 1989)

MICHAEL MARTIN

"Atheism: A Philosophical Justification", Temple University Press,
 Philadelphia, USA.
A detailed and scholarly justification of atheism.  Contains an outstanding
appendix defining terminology and usage in this (necessarily) tendentious
area.  Argues both for "negative atheism" (i.e. the "non-belief in the
existence of god(s)") and also for "positive atheism" ("the belief in the
non-existence of god(s)").  Includes great refutations of the most
challenging arguments for god; particular attention is paid to refuting
contempory theists such as Platinga and Swinburne.
541 pages. ISBN 0-87722-642-3 (hardcover; paperback also available)

"The Case Against Christianity", Temple University Press
A comprehensive critique of Christianity, in which he considers
the best contemporary defences of Christianity and (ultimately)
demonstrates that they are unsupportable and/or incoherent.
273 pages. ISBN 0-87722-767-5

JAMES TURNER

"Without God, Without Creed", The Johns Hopkins University Press, Baltimore,
 MD, USA
Subtitled "The Origins of Unbelief in America".  Examines the way in which
unbelief (whether agnostic or atheistic)  became a mainstream alternative
world-view.  Focusses on the period 1770-1900, and while considering France
and Britain the emphasis is on American, and particularly New England
developments.  "Neither a religious history of secularization or atheism,
Without God, Without Creed is, rather, the intellectual history of the fate
of a single idea, the belief that God exists." 
316 pages. ISBN (hardcover) 0-8018-2494-X (paper) 0-8018-3407-4

GEORGE SELDES (Editor)

"The great thoughts", Ballantine Books, New York, USA
A "dictionary of quotations" of a different kind, concentrating on statements
and writings which, explicitly or implicitly, present the person's philosophy
and world-view.  Includes obscure (and often suppressed) opinions from many
people.  For some popular observations, traces the way in which various
people expressed and twisted the idea over the centuries.  Quite a number of
the quotations are derived from Cardiff's "What Great Men Think of Religion"
and Noyes' "Views of Religion".
490 pages. ISBN (paper) 0-345-29887-X.

RICHARD SWINBURNE

"The Existence of God (Revised Edition)", Clarendon Paperbacks, Oxford
This book is the second volume in a trilogy that began with "The Coherence of
Theism" (1977) and was concluded with "Faith and Reason" (1981).  In this
work, Swinburne attempts to construct a series of inductive arguments for the
existence of God.  His arguments, which are somewhat tendentious and rely
upon the imputation of late 20th century western Christian values and
aesthetics to a God which is supposedly as simple as can be conceived, were
decisively rejected in Mackie's "The Miracle of Theism".  In the revised
edition of "The Existence of God", Swinburne includes an Appendix in which he
makes a somewhat incoherent attempt to rebut Mackie.

J. L. MACKIE

"The Miracle of Theism", Oxford
This (posthumous) volume contains a comprehensive review of the principal
arguments for and against the existence of God.  It ranges from the classical
philosophical positions of Descartes, Anselm, Berkeley, Hume et al, through
the moral arguments of Newman, Kant and Sidgwick, to the recent restatements
of the classical theses by Plantinga and Swinburne.  It also addresses those
positions which push the concept of God beyond the realm of the rational,
such as those of Kierkegaard, Kung and Philips, as well as "replacements for
God" such as Lelie's axiarchism.  The book is a delight to read - less
formalistic and better written than Martin's works, and refreshingly direct
when compared with the hand-waving of Swinburne.

JAMES A. HAUGHT

"Holy Horrors: An Illustrated History of Religious Murder and Madness",
 Prometheus Books
Looks at religious persecution from ancient times to the present day -- and
not only by Christians.
Library of Congress Catalog Card Number 89-64079. 1990.

NORM R. ALLEN, JR.

"African American Humanism: an Anthology"
See the listing for African Americans for Humanism above.

GORDON STEIN

"An Anthology of Atheism and Rationalism", Prometheus Books
An anthology covering a wide range of subjects, including 'The Devil, Evil
and Morality' and 'The History of Freethought'.  Comprehensive bibliography.

EDMUND D. COHEN

"The Mind of The Bible-Believer", Prometheus Books
A study of why people become Christian fundamentalists, and what effect it
has on them.

GEORGE H. SMITH

"Atheism: The Case Against God", Prometheus Books
Describes the positions of atheism, theism and agnosticism.  Reviews many 
of the arguments used in favour of the existence of God.  Concludes with an
assessment of the impact of God on people's lives.

                                Net Resources

There's a small mail-based archive server at mantis.co.uk which carries
archives of old alt.atheism.moderated articles and assorted other files.  For
more information, send mail to archive-server@mantis.co.uk saying

   help
   send atheism/index

and it will mail back a reply.


mathew
�

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54164
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Overview for New Readers

Archive-name: atheism/overview
Alt-atheism-archive-name: overview
Last-modified: 20 April 1993
Version: 1.3

                                   Overview

Welcome to alt.atheism and alt.atheism.moderated.

This is the first in a series of regular postings aimed at new readers of the
newsgroups.

Many groups of a 'controversial' nature have noticed that new readers often
come up with the same questions, mis-statements or misconceptions and post
them to the net.  In addition, people often request information which has
been posted time and time again.  In order to try and cut down on this, the
alt.atheism groups have a series of five regular postings under the following
titles:

   1.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Overview for New Readers
   2.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Introduction to Atheism
   3.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
   4.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Constructing a Logical Argument
   5.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Atheist Resources

This is article number 1.  Please read numbers 2 and 3 before posting.  The
others are entirely optional.

If you are new to Usenet, you may also find it helpful to read the newsgroup
news.announce.newusers.  The articles titled "A Primer on How to Work With
the Usenet Community", "Answers to Frequently Asked Questions about Usenet"
and "Hints on writing style for Usenet" are particularly relevant.  Questions
concerning how news works are best asked in news.newusers.questions.

If you are unable to find any of the articles listed above, see the "Finding
Stuff" section below.


                                   Credits

These files could not have been written without the assistance of the many
readers of alt.atheism and alt.atheism.moderated.  In particular, I'd like to
thank the following people:

kck+@cs.cmu.edu (Karl Kluge)
perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
NETOPRWA@ncsuvm.cc.ncsu.edu (Wayne Aiken)
chpetk@gdr.bath.ac.uk (Toby Kelsey)
jkp@cs.HUT.FI (Jyrki Kuoppala)
geoff.arnold@East.Sun.COM (Geoff Arnold)
torkel@sics.se (Torkel Franzen)
kmldorf@utdallas.edu (George Kimeldorf)
roe2@quads.uchicago.edu (Greg Roelofs)
arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee)
madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
J5J@psuvm.psu.edu (John A. Johnson)
dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham)
mayne@open.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne)
ajr@bigbird.hri.com (Andy Rosen)
stoesser@ira.uka.de (Achim Stoesser)
bosullvn@unix1.tcd.ie (Bryan O'Sullivan)
lippard@ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)
s1b3832@rigel.tamu.edu (S. Baum)
ydobyns@phoenix.princeton.edu (York H. Dobyns)
schroede@sdsc.edu (Wayne Schroeder)
baldwin@csservera.usna.navy.mil (J.D. Baldwin)
D_NIBBY@unhh.unh.edu (Dana Nibby)
dempsey@Kodak.COM (Richard C. Dempsey)
jmunch@hertz,elee.calpoly.edu (John David Munch)
pdc@dcs.ed.ac.uk (Paul Crowley)
rz@mips.complang.tuwien.ac.at (Richard Zach)
tycchow@math.mit.edu (Tim Chow)
simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale)
PHIMANEN@cc.helsinki.fi (Pekka Himanen)

...and countless others I've forgotten.

These articles are free.  Truly free.  You may copy them and distribute them
to anyone you wish.  However, please send any changes or corrections to the
author, and please do not re-post copies of the articles to alt.atheism; it
does nobody any good to have multiple versions of the same document floating
around the network.


                                Finding Stuff

All of the FAQ files *should* be somewhere on your news system.  Here are
some suggestions on what to do if you can't find them:

1. Check the newsgroup alt.atheism.  Look for subject lines starting with
   "Alt.Atheism FAQ:".

2. Check the newsgroup news.answers for the same subject lines.

   If you don't find anything in steps 1 or 2, your news system isn't set up
   correctly, and you may wish to tell your system administrator about the
   problem.

3. If you have anonymous FTP access, connect to rtfm.mit.edu [18.70.0.226].
   Go to the directory /pub/usenet/alt.atheism, and you'll find the latest
   versions of the FAQ files there.

   FTP is a a way of copying files between networked computers.  If you
   need help in using or getting started with FTP, send e-mail to
   mail-server@rtfm.mit.edu with

      send usenet/news.answers/ftp-list/faq

   in the body.

4. There are other sites which also carry news.answers postings.  The article
   "Introduction to the news.answers newsgroup" carries a list of these
   sites; the article is posted regularly to news.answers.

5. If you don't have FTP, send mail to mail-server@rtfm.mit.edu
   consisting of the following lines:

      send usenet/news.answers/finding-sources
      send usenet/alt.atheism/faq
      send usenet/alt.atheism/introduction
      send usenet/alt.atheism/logic
      send usenet/alt.atheism/resources

5. (Penultimate resort)  Send mail to mail-server@mantis.co.uk consisting of
   the following lines:

      send atheism/faq/faq.txt
      send atheism/faq/logic.txt
      send atheism/faq/intro.txt
      send atheism/faq/resource.txt

   and our poor overworked modems will try and send you a copy of the files.
   There's other stuff, too; interesting commands to try are "help" and
   "send atheism/index".

6. (Last resort)  Mail mathew@mantis.co.uk, or post an article to the
   newsgroup asking how you can get the FAQ files.  You should only do this
   if you've tried the above methods and they've failed; it's not nice to
   clutter the newsgroup or people's mailboxes with requests for files.
   it's better than posting without reading the FAQ, though!  For instance,
   people whose email addresses get mangled in transit and who don't have 
   FTP will probably need assistance obtaining the FAQ files.


mathew
�

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54165
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: The nonexistance of Atheists?!

>In article <kutluk.734797558@ccl.umist.ac.uk> kutluk@ccl.umist.ac.uk (Kutluk Ozguven) writes:
>>Atheists are not
>>mentioned in the Quran because from a Quranic point of view, and a
>>minute's reasoning, one can see that there is no such thing.


I guess that's why scientists probably aren't mentioned either.  Or
stock brokers.  Or television repairmen.  

It's precious to know just how deep the brainwashing from childhood
( that it takes to progress a religion ) cleans away a very substantial
part of the reasoning neurons.

But don't mind me;  I don't exist.

-jim halat
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54166
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <115687@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
(deletion)
>Sure. Yes, I did. You see I don't think that rape and murder should
>be dealt with lightly. You, being so interested in leniency for
>leniency's sake, apparently think that people should simply be
>told the "did a _bad_ thing."
>
 
Straw man. And you brought up leniency.
 
 
>>And what about the simple chance of misjudgements?
>
>Misjudgments should be avoided as much as possible.
>I suspect that it's pretty unlikely that, given my requirement
>of repeated offenses, that misjudgments are very likely.
>
 
Assuming that misjudgements are not correlated.
 
 
(Deletion)
>>I just love to compare such lines to the common plea of your fellow believers
>>not to call each others names. In this case, to substantiate it: The Quran
>>allows that one beATs one's wife into submission.
>
>
>Really? Care to give chapter and verse? We could discuss it.
>
 
Has been discussed here. Chapter and verse were cited, I assume that you
weren't looking then.
 
Let's be more exact, do you think it is not in the Quran?. And what would
your consequences be when it it was shown to be in it?
 
 
>>Primitive Machism refers to
>>that. (I have misspelt that before, my fault).
>
>Again, not all of the Orient follows the Qur'an. So you'll have to do
>better than that.
>
 
I have not claimed that. It is sufficient for the argument when there are
a lot of male dominated societies that qualify as Machistic. Are you going
to say that the situation of women is better in sufficeint areas of the
Orient?
 
 
(Deletion)
>This is an argument for why _you_ don't like religions that suppress
>sex. A such it's an irrelevant argument.
>
>If you'd like to generalize it to an objective statement then
>fine. My response is then: you have given no reason for your statement
>that sex is not the business of religion (one of your "arguments").
>
>The urge for sex in adolescents is not so strong that any overly strong
>measures are required to suppress it. If the urge to have sex is so
>strong in an adult then that adult can make a commensurate effort to
>find a marriage partner.
>
 
You apparently have trouble reading things you don't like. The point was
having sex the way one wishes being a strong desire. Marriage is a red
herring. Tell me about homosexuals, for one. You simply ignore everything
that doesn't fit into the world as you would like to have it.
 
And as for the situation of adolescents, one has probably keep your
combination of leniency and maiming in mind, whe you say that it does
not take *overly* strong measures to suppress the urge for sex in
adolescents.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54167
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <1993Apr16.211458.1@eagle.wesleyan.edu>
kmagnacca@eagle.wesleyan.edu writes:
 
(deletion)
>Nope, Germany has extremely restrictive citizenship laws.  The
>ethnic Germans who have lived in Russia for over 100 years
>automatically become citizens if they move to Germany, but the
>Turks who are now in their third generation in Germany can't.
 
That's wrong. They can.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54168
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

Jon Livesey writes:

>So why do I read in the papers that the Qumram texts had "different
>versions" of some OT texts.   Did I misunderstand?

Reading newspapers to learn about this kind of stuff is not the best idea in
the world.  Newspaper reporters are notoriously ignorant on the subject of
religion, and are prone to exaggeration in the interests of having a "real"
story (that is, a bigger headline).

Let's back up to 1935.  At this point, we have the Masoretic text, the
various targums (translations/commentaries in aramaic, etc.), and the
Septuagint, the ancient greek translation.  The Masoretic text is the
standard Jewish text and essentially does not vary.  In some places it has
obvious corruptions, all of which are copied faithfully from copy to copy.
These passages in the past were interpreted by reference to the targums and
to the Septuagint.

Now, the septuagint differs from the masoretic text in two particulars:
first, it includes additional texts, and second, in some passages there are
variant readings from the masoretic text (in addition to "fixing"/predating
the various corrupted passages).  It must be emphasized that, to the best of
my knowledge, these variations are only signifcant to bible scholars, and
have little theological import.

The dead sea scroll materials add to this an ancient *copy* of almost all of
Isaiah and fragments of various sizes of almost all other OT books.  There
is also an abundance of other material, but as far as I know, there is no
sign there of any hebrew antecdent to the apocrypha (the extra texts in the
septuagint).  As far as analysis has proceeded, there are also variations
between the DSS texts and the masoretic versions.  These tend to reflect the
septuagint, where the latter isn't obviously in error.  Again, though, the
differences (thus far) are not significant theologically.  There is this big
expectation that there are great theological surprises lurking in the
material, but so far this hasn't happened.

The DSS *are* important because there is almost no textual tradition in the
OT, unlike for the NT.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54170
From: markp@elvis.wri.com (Mark Pundurs)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <sandvik-250493163828@sandvik-kent.apple.com> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:

>In article <markp.735580401@avignon>, markp@avignon (Mark Pundurs) wrote:
>> You take LSD, and it skews your perception of reality. You come down,
>> and your perceptions unskew.

>I've never taken LSD, but read about the strange lifes and times
>of the Ashbury Heights culture. Something that was usually profound
>was the way these LSD trippers mentioned that after their first trip
>they changed their view of the world. In other words taking LSD would 
>change their reference frames. Which would indicate that deep changes
>due to let us say rewiring of the brain temporarily will indeed
>change frames. And this leads to the statement that there is no
>solid reference frame; the LSD trippers modified their relative 
>view.

Much of the Haight-Ashbury crowd probably had pre-existing 
dissatisfactions with their lives -- dissatisfactions ameliorated by
mumbo-jumbo about 'new realities'. The only change I experienced after 
LSD was to gain the knowledge that I didn't enjoy how LSD twisted my
perception.
--
Mark Pundurs

any resemblance between my opinions and those 
of Wolfram Research, Inc. is purely coincidental

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54171
From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

>>>>> On 25 Apr 93 23:26:20 GMT, bobbe@vice (Robert Beauchaine;6086;59-323;LP=A;YAyG) said:

...execellent examples of Luther's insane rantings deleted...

Gee, I'm *sooooo* surprised that they don't teach this part of his
ideology in high schools today.

--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54172
From: mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

On Wed, 21 Apr 1993 08:16:14 GMT sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) wrote:
>In article <C5rGKB.4Fs@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu

[re. Conner's questioning of the blissful afterlife as a reason why many
joined the early Xian church]

>Well, as I remember Jacoby's "Mythmaker" talks about this to cite
>one source -- but I'm not sure if all Christians have read this book.
>In addition my social experiences is from being raised and educated
>as a Lutheran, having a lot of Christian friends, and I even
>have played in two Christian rock bands!

Do you mean Hyam Maccoby's _The Mythmaker_?

--
Mike McAngus         | The Truth is still the Truth
mam@mouse.cmhnet.org | Even if you choose to ignore it.
                     |
(Some of the old .sig viruses are still the best)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54173
From: mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

On Tue, 20 Apr 1993 04:32:59 GMT bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) wrote:
>This is fascinating. Atheists argue for abortion, defend homosexuality
>as a means of population control, insist that the only values are
>biological and condemn war and capital punishment. According to
>Benedikt, if something is contardictory, it cannot exist, which in
>this case means atheists I suppose.

What atheists are you talking about?  

IMNSHO, Abortion is the womans choice.  Homosexual sex is the choice of 
the people involved.  War is sometimes necessary.  

This leaves capital punishment.  I oppose capital punishemnt because 
mistakes can happen (yes this thread went around with no resolution
recently).

As far as poplulation control, I think contraception and education are
the best courses of action.

>I would like to understand how an atheist can object to war (an
>excellent means of controlling population growth), or to capital
>punishment, I'm sorry but the logic escapes me.

That's because you are again making the assumption that all Atheists 
have some specific mindset.

>And why just capital punishment, what is being questioned here, the
>propriety of killing or of punishment? What is the basis of the
>ecomplaint?

Mistakes can happen Bill, and I could be the victim of such a mistake.

--
Mike McAngus         | The Truth is still the Truth
mam@mouse.cmhnet.org | Even if you choose to ignore it.
                     |
(Some of the old .sig viruses are still the best)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54174
From: mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution

On Tue, 20 Apr 1993 04:49:18 GMT bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) wrote:
>Robert Singleton (bobs@thnext.mit.edu) wrote:

>: > Sure it isn't mutually exclusive, but it lends weight to (i.e. increases
>: > notional running estimates of the posterior probability of) the 
>: > atheist's pitch in the partition, and thus necessarily reduces the same 
>: > quantity in the theist's pitch. This is because the `divine component' 
>: > falls prey to Ockham's Razor, the phenomenon being satisfactorily 
>:                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>: > explained without it, and there being no independent evidence of any 
>:   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>: > such component. More detail in the next post.
>: > 

>Occam's Razor is not a law of nature, it is way of analyzing an
>argument, even so, it interesting how often it's cited here and to
>what end. 
>It seems odd that religion is simultaneously condemned as being
>primitive, simple-minded and unscientific, anti-intellectual and
>childish, and yet again condemned as being too complex (Occam's
>razor), the scientific explanation of things being much more
>straightforeward and, apparently, simpler. 

Cute characterization Bill; however, there is no inconsistency between 
the two statements.  Even if one believes that religion is "primitive, 
simple-minded and unscientific, anti-intellectual and childish", one
can still hold the view that religion also adds an unnecessary level of
complexity to the explanation.  The ideas themselves don't have to be
complex before being excised by Occam's Razor, they only have to add 
unnecessarily to the overall complexity of the description.

>                                           Which is it to be - which
>is the "non-essential", and how do you know?

I think the non-essential part of an explanatory system is one that
adds no predictive capability to the system.

>Considering that even scientists don't fully comprehend science due to
>its complexity and diversity. Maybe William of Occam has performed a
>lobotomy, kept the frontal lobe and thrown everything else away ...

Huh?

>This is all very confusing, I'm sure one of you will straighten me out
>tough.
 ^^^^^
Watch it, your Freudian Slip is showing

--
Mike McAngus         | The Truth is still the Truth
mam@mouse.cmhnet.org | Even if you choose to ignore it.
                     |
(Some of the old .sig viruses are still the best)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54175
From: mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

On 20 Apr 93 13:38:34 GMT dps@nasa.kodak.com (Dan Schaertel,,,) wrote:
>In article 11853@vice.ICO.TEK.COM, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>|>
>|>  Yet I am still not a believer.  Is god not concerned with my
>|>  disposition?  Why is it beneath him to provide me with the
>|>  evidence I would require to believe?  The evidence that my
>|>  personality, given to me by this god, would find compelling?

>The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
>But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
>you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
>love you.     The responsibility is on you to love God and take a step toward
>Him.  He promises to be there for you, but you have to look for yourself.
>Those who doubt this or dispute it have not givin it a sincere effort.

I and many others on a.a have described how we have tried to find god.
Are you saying our efforts have not been sincere?  For all the effort
I have put in, there has been no outward nor inward change that I can
perceive.  What's a sincerely searching Agnostic or Atheist supposed to
do when even the search turns up nothing?

>Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
>that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
>Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
>the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
>know more than you do now.   To learn you must accept that which
>you don't know.

How do you "accept that which you don't know"?  Do you mean that I must
believe in your god in order to believe in your god?

--
Mike McAngus         | The Truth is still the Truth
mam@mouse.cmhnet.org | Even if you choose to ignore it.
                     |
(Some of the old .sig viruses are still the best)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54176
From: mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus)
Subject: Hard/Soft == Strong/Weak.  KISS!

On 20 Apr 93 08:31:07 GMT timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) wrote:
>mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu writes:

[writing to someone else]

>But you, probably like me, seem to be a soft atheist.  Sorry for the flamage.

Can we get back to using the terms "strong Atheist" and "weak Atheist"
rather than this "hard Atheist" and "soft Atheist".  I can imagine 
future discussions with Newbies where there is confusion because of the
multiplication of descriptions.

[rest deleted]

--
Mike McAngus         | The Truth is still the Truth
mam@mouse.cmhnet.org | Even if you choose to ignore it.
                     |
(Some of the old .sig viruses are still the best)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54178
From: ray@netcom.com (Ray Fischer)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes ...
> ray@netcom.com (Ray Fischer) writes:
>#frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes ...
>#>Plus questions for you:  why do subjectivists/relativists/nihilists get so 
>#>het up about the idea that relativism is *better* than objectivism? 
>#
>#To the degree that relativism is a more accurate decription of the
>#truth than is objectivism, it provides more power and ability to
>#control events.
>
>I think you lose the right to talk about THE truth once you say values are
>relative.   Accuracy is a value judgement, too.  It so happens I agree with 
>the substance of what you say below, but it's clear to me that at least 
>*some* values are objective.  Truth is better than falsehood, peace is
>better than war, education is better than ignorance.  We know these things,
>if we know anything.

While I'll agree that these are generally held to be "good things", I
question whether they come very close to being objective values.
Especially considering that at one time or another each has been
viewed as being undesirable.  I doubt you could even come up with
anything that could be said to be universally "good" or "bad".

And when I referred to "the truth" I was using the term
hypothetically, realizing full well that there may not even be such a
thing.

>#Assuming, for the moment, that morals _are_ relative, then two
>#relativists can recognize that neither has a lock on the absolute
>#truth and they can proceed to negotiate a workable compromise that
>#produces the desired results.
>
>No they cannot, because they acknowledge up front that THE desired
>results do not exist.  That, after all, is the meaning of compromise.
>
>Plus some problems: If the relativists have no values in common, compromise 
>is impossible - what happens then?    Who, if anyone, is right?  What happens 
>if one relativist has a value "Never compromise?".  A value "plant bombs in 
>crowded shopping areas"?  After all, if morals are relative, these values 
>cannot *meaningfully* be said to be incorrect.

True enough.  But they cannot be said to be anything more than
personal morals.  One thing notably lacking in most extremists is any
sense of _personal_ accountability - the justification for any
socially unacceptable behaviour is invariably some "higher authority"
(aka, absolute moral truth).

>#Assuming that there is an absolute morality, two disagreeing 
>#objectivists can either be both wrong or just one of them right; there
>#is no room for compromise.  Once you beleive in absolute morals,
>#you must accept that you are amoral or that everyone who disagrees
>#with you is amoral.
>
>Untrue.  One can accept that one does not know the whole truth.  Part
>of the objective truth about morality may well be that flexibility is
>better than rigidity, compromise is better than believing you have a lock
>on morals, etc.  In the same way, I can believe in an objective reality
>without claiming to know the mechanism for quantum collapse, or who shot
>JFK.

An objective truth that says one cannot know the objective truth?
Interesting notion.   :-)

Certainly one can have as one's morals a belief that compromise is
good.  But to compromise on the absolute truth is not something most
people do very successfully.  I suppose one could hold compromise as
being an absolute moral, but then what happens when someone else
insists on no compromise?  How do you compromise on compromising?

>#Given a choice between a peaceful compromise or endless contention,
>#I'd say that compromise seems to be "better".
>
>And I would agree.   But it's bloody to pointless to speak of it if it's
>merely a matter of taste.  Is your liking for peace any better founded
>than someone else's liking for ice-cream?  I'm looking for a way to say
>"yes" to that question, and relativism isn't it.

Almost invariably when considering the relative value of one thing
over another, be it morals or consequences, people only consider those
aspects which justify a desired action or belief.  In justifying a
commitement to peace I might argue that it lets people live long &
healthy and peaceful lives.  While that much may well be true, it is
incomplete in ignoring the benefits of war - killing off the most
agressive member of society, trimming down the population, stimulating
production.  The equation is always more complex than presented.
To characterize relative morals as merely following one's own
conscience / desires is to unduly simplify it.

-- 
Ray Fischer                   "Convictions are more dangerous enemies of truth
ray@netcom.com                 than lies."  -- Friedrich Nietzsche

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54179
From: vdp@mayo.edu (Vinayak Dutt)
Subject: Re: Islamic Banks (was Re: Slavery

In article 28833@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au,  darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
#In <1993Apr14.143121.26376@bmw.mayo.edu> vdp@mayo.edu (Vinayak Dutt) writes:
#>So instead of calling it interest on deposits, you call it *returns on investements*
#>and instead of calling loans you call it *investing in business* (that is in other words
#>floating stocks in your company). 
#
#No, interest is different from a return on an investment.  For one
#thing, a return on an investment has greater risk, and not a set return
#(i.e. the amount of money you make can go up or down, or you might even
#lose money).  The difference is, the risk of loss is shared by the
#investor, rather than practically all the risk being taken by the
#borrower when the borrower borrows from the bank.
#

But is it different from stocks ?  If you wish to call an investor in stocks as
a banker, well then its your choice .....

#>Relabeling does not make it interest free !!
#
#It is not just relabeling, as I have explained above.

It  *is* relabeling ...
Also its still not interest free. The investor is still taking some money ... as
dividend on his investment ... ofcourse the investor (in islamic *banking*, its your
so called *bank*)  is taking more risk than the usual bank, but its still getting some
thing back in return .... 

Also have you heard of junk bonds ???


---Vinayak
-------------------------------------------------------
                                           vinayak dutt
                                   e-mail: vdp@mayo.edu

             standard disclaimers apply
-------------------------------------------------------



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54180
From: kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran)
Subject: We don't need no stinking subjects!

In article <1ql1avINN38a@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:
>>keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>>>kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:
>
>>No, if you're going to claim something, then it is up to you to prove it.
>>Think "Cold Fusion".
>
>Well, I've provided examples to show that the trend was general, and you
>(or others) have provided some counterexamples, mostly ones surrounding
>mating practices, etc.  I don't think that these few cases are enough to
>disprove the general trend of natural morality.  And, again, the mating
>practices need to be reexamined...

So what you're saying is that your mind is made up, and you'll just explain
away any differences at being statistically insignificant?

>>>Try to find "immoral" non-mating-related activities.
>>So you're excluding mating-related-activities from your "natural morality"?
>
>No, but mating practices are a special case.  I'll have to think about it
>some more.

So you'll just explain away any inconsistancies in your "theory" as being
"a special case".

>>>Yes, I think that the natural system can be objectively deduced with the
>>>goal of species propogation in mind.  But, I am not equating the two
>>>as you so think.  That is, an objective system isn't necessarily the
>>>natural one.
>>Are you or are you not the man who wrote:
>>"A natural moral system is the objective moral system that most animals
>> follow".
>
>Indeed.  But, while the natural system is objective, all objective systems
>are not the natural one.  So, the terms can not be equated.  The natural
>system is a subset of the objective ones.

You just equated them.  Re-read your own words.

>>Now, since homosexuality has been observed in most animals (including
>>birds and dolphins), are you going to claim that "most animals" have
>>the capacity of being immoral?
>
>I don't claim that homosexuality is immoral.  It isn't harmful, although
>it isn't helpful either (to the mating process).  And, when you say that
>homosexuality is observed in the animal kingdom, don't you mean "bisexuality?"

A study release in 1991 found that 11% of female seagulls are lesbians.

>>>Well, I'm saying that these goals are not inherent.  That is why they must
>>>be postulates, because there is not really a way to determine them
>>>otherwise (although it could be argued that they arise from the natural
>>>goal--but they are somewhat removed).
>>Postulate: To assume; posit.
>
>That's right.  The goals themselves aren't inherent.
>
>>I can create a theory with a postulate that the Sun revolves around the
>>Earth, that the moon is actually made of green cheese, and the stars are
>>the portions of Angels that intrudes into three-dimensional reality.
>
>You could, but such would contradict observations.

Now, apply this last sentence of your to YOUR theory.  Notice how your are
contridicting observations?

>>I can build a mathematical proof with a postulate that given the length
>>of one side of a triangle, the length of a second side of the triangle, and
>>the degree of angle connecting them, I can determine the length of the
>>third side.
>
>But a postulate is something that is generally (or always) found to be
>true.  I don't think your postulate would be valid.

You don't know much math, do you?  The ability to use SAS to determine the
length of the third side of the triangle is fundemental to geometry.

>>Guess which one people are going to be more receptive to.  In order to assume
>>something about your system, you have to be able to show that your postulates
>>work.
>
>Yes, and I think the goals of survival and happiness *do* work.  You think
>they don't?  Or are they not good goals?

Goals <> postulates.

Again, if one of the "goals" of this "objective/natural morality" system
you are proposing is "survival of the species", then homosexuality is
immoral.
--
=kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu | B(0-4) c- d- e++ f- g++ k(+) m r(-) s++(+) t | TSAKC=
=My thoughts, my posts, my ideas, my responsibility, my beer, my pizza.  OK???=

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54181
From: MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <1qkq9t$66n@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp writes:

(Attempting to define 'objective morality'):

> I'll take a wild guess and say Freedom is objectively valuable.  I base
> this on the assumption that if everyone in the world were deprived utterly
> of their freedom (so that their every act was contrary to their volition),
> almost all would want to complain.

      So long as you keep that "almost" in there, freedom will be a
mostly valuable thing, to most people. That is, I think you're really
saying, "a real big lot of people agree freedom is subjectively valuable
to them". That's good, and a quite nice starting point for a moral
system, but it's NOT UNIVERSAL, and thus not "objective".

> Therefore I take it that to assert or
> believe that "Freedom is not very valuable", when almost everyone can see
> that it is, is every bit as absurd as to assert "it is not raining" on
> a rainy day.

      It isn't in Sahara.

-- 
  Disclaimer?   "It's great to be young and insane!"

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54182
From: kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1ql06qINN2kf@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:
>>Schneider
>>>Natural morality may specifically be thought of as a code of ethics that
>>>a certain species has developed in order to survive.
>>Wait.  Are we talking about ethics or morals here?
>
>Is the distinction important?

Yes.

>>>We see this countless
>>>times in the animal kingdom, and such a "natural" system is the basis for
>>>our own system as well.
>>Huh?
>
>Well, our moral system seems to mimic the natural one, in a number of ways.

Please describe these "number of ways" in detail.  Then explain the any
contradictions that may arise.

>>>In order for humans to thrive, we seem to need
>>>to live in groups,
>>Here's your problem.  "we *SEEM* to need".  What's wrong with the highlighted
>>word?
>
>I don't know.  What is wrong?  Is it possible for humans to survive for
>a long time in the wild?  Yes, it's possible, but it is difficult.  Humans
>are a social animal, and that is a cause of our success.

Define "difficult".

>>>and in order for a group to function effectively, it
>>>needs some sort of ethical code.
>>This statement is not correct.
>
>Isn't it?  Why don't you think so?

Explain the laws in America stating that you have to drive on the right-
hand side of the road.

>>>And, by pointing out that a species' conduct serves to propogate itself,
>>>I am not trying to give you your tautology, but I am trying to show that
>>>such are examples of moral systems with a goal.  Propogation of the species
>>>is a goal of a natural system of morality.
>>So anybody who lives in a monagamous relationship is not moral?  After all,
>>in order to ensure propogation of the species, every man should impregnate
>>as many women as possible.
>
>No.  As noted earlier, lack of mating (such as abstinence or homosexuality)
>isn't really destructive to the system.  It is a worst neutral.

So if every member of the species was homosexual, this wouldn't be destructive
to the survival of the species?

>>For that matter, in herds of horses, only the dominate stallion mates.  When
>>he dies/is killed/whatever, the new dominate stallion is the only one who
>>mates.  These seems to be a case of your "natural system of morality" trying
>>to shoot itself in the figurative foot.
>
>Again, the mating practices are something to be reexamined...

The whole "theory" needs to be reexamined...
--
=kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu | B(0-4) c- d- e++ f- g++ k(+) m r(-) s++(+) t | TSAKC=
=My thoughts, my posts, my ideas, my responsibility, my beer, my pizza.  OK???=

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54183
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
> Simple.  Take out some physics books, and start looking for statements which
> say that there is no objective physics.  I doubt you will find any.  You
> might find statements that there is no objective length, or no objective
> location, but no objective _physics_?

Perhaps you have a different understanding of what "physics" is.  If we
can't measure anything objectively, then the answers we get from physics
aren't objective either.  That's what I mean when I say there's no objective
physics.

Sure, we can all agree that (say) F = GMm/r^2, but that's maths.  It's only
physics when you relate it to the real world, and if we can't do that
objectively, we're stuck.  (Of course, this displays my blatant bias towards
applied science; but even theoretical physics gets applied to models of real
world situations, based on real world observations.)

>                 (Consider, for instance, that speed-of-light-in-
> vacuum is invariant.  This sounds an awful lot like an objective
> speed-of-light-in-vacuum.)

It's an axiom that it's invariant.  But if the two of us measure it, we'll
get different answers.  Yes, we call that experimental error, but it's not
really "error" in the conventional sense; in fact, if you don't get any,
that's an error :-)

You could argue that the value of c is "objective, to within +/- <some
value>".  But I'd call that a rather odd usage of the word "objective", and
it opens the way for statements like "Murder is objectively wrong for all
people, to within 1% of the total population."


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54184
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Burden of Proof

watson@sce.carleton.ca (Stephen Watson) writes:
>kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>>In article <healta.171.735538331@saturn.wwc.edu> healta@saturn.wwc.edu
>>(Tammy R Healy) writes:
>>>>        "FBI officials said cult leader David Koresh may have 
>>>>         forced followers to remain as flames closed in. Koresh's 
>>>>         armed guard may have injected as many as 24 children with 
>>>>         poison to quiet them."
>>>>
>>>Do the FBI have proof of this yet?!
> 
>>    Why ask me? I am only quoting the FBI official. Why not ask the FBI?
> 
> Myabe they're lying to cover up, or maybe they're telling the truth.

The 24 children were, of course, killed by a lone gunman in a second story
window, who fired eight bullets in the space of two seconds...


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54185
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Cults Vs. Religions?

mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
> To the media, "religion" and "cult" have about the same relative
> connotations as "government" and "terrorist group".

Yes, each is a form of the other.

Charley an anarchist?  No, just true words being spoken in jest.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54186
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

mccullou@snake12.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
> We seem to be agreeing that the soldiers were just doing their job
> as best they could, following orders.  

Proof positive that some people are beyond satire.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54187
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Are atoms real? (was Re: After 2000 years blah blah blah)

kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko) writes:
>mathew (mathew@mantis.co.uk) wrote:
>> What is the difference between a "_chemist_" and someone who is taught
>> Chemistry at, say, Cambridge University?
> 
> Put like this, I can't answer. I was originally pointing out that your
> attitude _seemed to be_ (I don't know if it really was) that chemists
> tend to ignore all kinds of effects;

When they're not important, yes.  All scientists do.  Otherwise science would
never get anywhere.

>                                     your original posting stated that
> when doing chemistry, it is common to ignore atomic interactions,

Hang about -- not atomic interactions in general.  Just specific ones which
are deemed unimportant.  Like gravitational interactions between ions, which
are so small they're drowned out by electrostatic effects, and so on.

>> Has there been some revolution in teaching methods in the last four years?
> 
> Perhaps this revolution has yet to reach Cambridge (my, now I'll get
> flamed for sure;-) ).

Oh, probably.  They still make people memorize equations and IR spectra. 
Maybe in a few decades they'll discover the revolutionary "data book"
technique.


Bitter and twisted, mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54188
From: turpin@cs.utexas.edu (Russell Turpin)
Subject: Re: History & texts (was: Ancient references to Christianity)

-*----
I wrote:
>> The diaries of the followers of the Maharishi, formerly of
>> Oregon, are historical evidence.  

In article <2944756297.1.p00261@psilink.com> "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
> Are you confusing Bhagwan Rajneesh (sp?) with the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
> here by any chance?

I believe that Maharishi is titular.  (Someone please correct me if 
I am wrong.)  Thus, Maharishi Rajneesh is a different person from
Maharishi Mahesh, but they are both Maharishis.

Russell

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54189
From: John A. Johnson <J5J@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1r39kh$itp@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank
O'Dwyer) says:
>
[ . . .]
>Specifically, I'd like to know what relativism concludes when two
>people grotesquely disagree.  Is it:
>
>(a) Both are right
>
>(b) One of them is wrong, and sometimes (though perhaps rarely) we have a
>    pretty good idea who it is
>
>(c) One of them is wrong, but we never have any information as to who, so
>    we make our best guess if we really must make a decision.
>
>(d) The idea of a "right" moral judgement is meaningless (implying that
>     whether peace is better than war, e.g., is a meaningless question,
>     and need not be discussed for it has no correct answer)
>
>(e) Something else.  A short, positive assertion would be nice.
>
>As I hope you can tell, (b) and (c) are actually predicated on
>the assumption that values are real  - so statements like these
>_can't_ consistently derive from the relativist assumption that values
>aren't part of objective reality.

I am a relativist who would like to answer your question, but the way you
phrase the question makes it unanswerable.  The concepts of "right"
and "wrong" (or "correct/incorrect" or "true/false") belong to the
domain of epistemological rather than moral questions.  It makes no
sense to ask if a moral position is right or wrong, although it is
legitimate to ask if it is good (or better than another position).

Let me illustrate this point by looking at the psychological derivatives
of epistemology and ethics:  perception and motivation, respectively.
One can certainly ask if a percept is "right" (correct, true,
veridical) or "wrong" (incorrect, false, illusory).  But it makes little
sense to ask if a motive is true or false.  On the other hand, it is
strange to ask whether a percept is morally good or evil, but one can
certainly ask that question about motives.

Therefore, your suggested answers (a)-(c) simply can't be considered:
they assume you can judge the correctness of a moral judgment.

Now the problem with (d) is that it is double-barrelled:  I agree with
the first part (that the "rightness" of a moral position is a
meaningless question), for the reasons stated above.  But that is
irrelevant to the alleged implication (not an implication at all) that
one cannot feel peace is better than war.  I certainly can make
value judgments (bad, better, best) without asserting the "correctness"
of the position.

Sorry for the lengthy dismissal of (a)-(d).  My short (e) answer is
that when two individuals grotesquely disagree on a moral issue,
neither is right (correct) or wrong (incorrect).  They simply hold
different moral values (feelings).
-----------------------------------
John A. Johnson (J5J@psuvm.psu.edu)
Department of Psychology Penn State DuBois Campus 15801
Penn State is not responsible for my behavior.
"A ruthless, doctrinaire avoidance of degeneracy is a degeneracy of
 another sort.  Getting drunk and picking up bar-ladies and writing
 metaphysics is a part of life."  - from _Lila_ by R. Pirsig

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54190
From: swf@elsegundoca.ncr.com (Stan Friesen)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

[This is SWF in another indirect post via Dan].

In article <1993Apr20.150829.27925@asl.dl.nec.com>,
duffy@aslss02.asl.dl.nec.com (Joseph Duffy) writes:
|> In article <1993Apr17.184948.4847@microsoft.com>
russpj@microsoft.com (Russ Paul-Jones) writes:
|> >
|> >The same way that any theory is proven false.  You examine the
predicitions
|> >that the theory makes, and try to observe them.  If you don't, or
if you
|> >observe things that the theory predicts wouldn't happen, then you
have some
|> >evidence against the theory.  If the theory can't be modified to
|> >incorporate the new observations, then you say that it is false.
|>
|> But how does one handle the nonrepeatability of the experiment? In
many types of
|> experiments the "prediction" is that the observed phenomena will
happen again
|> and be capable of being observed. For example, in chemistry someone
may predict
|> the outcome of a chemical reaction and then actually observe that
reaction
|> repeatedly.

There are several problems here. First, you are discussing only
experimental procedures. Observational procedures are also useful.  The
main criterion is attempting to verify an idea by using it to make
prediction about as-yet unmade observations. The observations could be
the result of an experiment, or they could be obsevations of activity
occuring spontaneossly in nature, or they could even be observations of
the lasting results of events long past. All that matters is that the
observations be *new*.  This is what prediction is about in science -
it is
*not* about predicting the future except in this very restricted
sense.

Secondly, repeatability can also take many forms.  It is really just
the
requirement that independent observers be able to verify the results.
The
observation of a fossil is 'repeatable', since any qualified observer
may
look at it (this is why the specimens are reqtined in a museum).  Also,
there is the implicit prediction that future fossil finds will
correspond
to the current one.  New fossils are found often enough that this is
tested regularly.  Many times a new fossil actually falsifies some
conclusion made on the basis of previous fossils.

Unfortunately for you, the models that were falsified have alway been
peripheral to the model of evolution we now have.  (For instance, the
front legs of Tyrannosaurus rex turned out to have tremendous muscles,
rather than being weakly endowed as previously believed).

So, in fact, histoircal science findings *are* repeatable in the
necessary sense.  Just becuase you cannot go out and repeat the
original
event does *not* make it impossible to make valid observations.

[This is not to say that biologists would not go coo-coo if extra-
terrestrial life were discovered - that could make the determination
of the process of abiogenesis relatively easy].

--
sarima@teradata.com                     (formerly tdatirv!sarima)
  or
Stanley.Friesen@ElSegundoCA.ncr.com

sarima@teradata.com			(formerly tdatirv!sarima)
  or
Stanley.Friesen@ElSegundoCA.ncr.com


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54191
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr25.031703.5230@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>The intent of my post (as I remember it) was to show that you cannot
>argue against any religion (or ideology, for that matter) by the actions
>of those who claim to be its followers.  You have to look at the
>teachings of the religion (or the principles of the ideology) _itself_.
>There is no getting around this.
>
>So to argue against Islam, you have to go to the Qur'an.  Bringing up
>Khomeini (or anyone else) is relevant to discussing Khomeini, but not
>_necessarily_ relevant to discussing Islam _as a religion_.

Sorry, Fred, but for the purposes under discussion here, I must
disagree.  Your point is true only in the sense that one cannot argue
against communism by reference to the Chinese or Soviet empires, since
those did not represent *true* communism.  In judging the practical
consequences of Islam as a force to contend with in the world today,
it is precisely the Khomeini's of the world, the Rushdie-fatwa
supporters, and perhaps more importantly, the reaction of the world
Muslim community to those extremists, that we must look to.  Perhaps
unfortunately from your perspective, most people are not concerned
with whether Islam is the right religion for them, or whether the
Qur'an could be used as a guidebook for a hypothetical utopia, but how
Islam affects the world around them, or what their lives might be like
if Islam gains in influence.  When I consider such possibilities, it
is with not inconsiderable fear.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54192
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Hoban (was Re: The Inimitable Rushdie)

In article <116540@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
[Interchange on Hoban deleted]

>This post of mine also illustrates that I am not simply a reactionary
>who hates any book which doesn't go out of its way to avoid upsetting
>religionists. 

Only those you haven't actually read?  Sorry, but the irony remains.

>I reiterate for the nth time also that I don't agree with K's fatwa, 
>nor do I support censorship. My point in the original thread has been 
>to show why Rushdie is not particularly due sympathy by those who hold 
>their religion in high esteem and don't enjoy seeing things which slander
>it (like the story of the Satanic Verses (as opposed to the Rushdie's
>_TSV_)) played with for amusement.

So although you don't agree with the fatwa, and apparently don't think
Rushdie should be killed for his book, yet you think he is not due
sympathy for being being under this threat.  Furthermore you base this
reaction solely on the fact that he wrote about a particular
well-known story which -- if true -- might reflect poorly on the
absolute truth of your religion.  Yet, this opinion is formed without
recourse to actually looking to see how the story is used in context,
accepting at face value the widespread propaganda on just what this
book contains and what the author's motivations are.  And then you
come forward and recommend another book which touches on (presumably
"plays with") religious/historical material because you find its
overall presentation neutral!
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54193
From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:

>This is fascinating. Atheists argue for abortion, defend homosexuality
>as a means of population control, insist that the only values are
>biological and condemn war and capital punishment. According to
>Benedikt, if something is contardictory, it cannot exist, which in
>this case means atheists I suppose.
>I would like to understand how an atheist can object to war (an
>excellent means of controlling population growth), or to capital
>punishment, I'm sorry but the logic escapes me.

First, you seem to assume all atheists think alike.  An atheist does not
believe in the existence of a god.  Our opinions on issues such as 
capital punishment and abortion, however, vary greatly.  

If you were attacking the views of a particular atheist (Benedikt, I 
presume), then please present your argument as such and do not lump us
all together.

As for the issues, let's start with abortion.  Personally, I do not support
abortion as a means of population control or contraception-after-the-fact.
However, I support the right of any woman to have an abortion, regardless
of what my personal views may be, because it would be arrogant of me to tell
any individual what he/she may or may not do to his/her body, and the domain
of legislators should not extend into the uterus.  That's my opinion, and I
am sure many atheists and theists would disagree with me.

I do not defend homosexuality as a means of population control, but I 
certainly defend it as an end to itself.  I think most homosexuals would
be angered to hear of anyone characterizing their personal relationship as
nothing more than a conscious effort to keep population levels down.  

As for atheists believing all values are biological, I have no idea what
you're talking about.

Finally, there are the issues of war and capital punishment.  An atheist
can object to either one just as easily as a theist might.  You seem to
be hung up on some supposed conspiratorial link between atheism and 
population control.  Could this be the "atheist cause" you were referring 
to a few posts back?

-- 
---                      __  _______                              ---
||| Kevin Marshall       \ \/ /_  _/  Computer Science Department |||
||| Virginia Tech         \  / / /     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu |||
--- Blacksburg, Virginia   \/ /_/                  (703) 232-6529 ---

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54194
From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

tgk@cs.toronto.edu (Todd Kelley) writes:

>Faith and dogma are irrational.  The faith and dogma part of any religion
>are responsible for the irrationality of the individuals.

I disagree.  In the end, the *individual* is responsible for his/her own
irrationality.  The individual's belief in some dogmatic religion is a 
symptom of that irrationality.

>Have you noticed that philosophers tend to be atheists?

Atheists and agnostics, I would imagine, but yes, that was my point.  An
atheist would theoretically be just as ill-equipped to study the philosophy
of religion as a Christian, and yet there is a persistence of atheists
among the ranks of philosophers.  Therefore, the conflict between one's
religious beliefs (or lack thereof) and the ability to be a philosopher
must not be as great as you assert.  The fact that most philosophers may
be non-religious was a secondary point.


>Science, (as would be practiced by atheists) in contrast, has a
>BUILT IN defence against faith and dogma.

As opposed to science practiced by theists?  Be careful here.

Science does have a built-in defence against faith and dogma:
skepticism.  Unfortunately, it is not foolproof.  There is that 
wonderful little creature known as the "theory."  Many of us believe in
the theory of evolution.  We have no absolute proof that this 
theory is true, so why do we believe it?  Because it "makes more 
sense than...?"  There is quite a bit of faith involved here.


>A scientist holds sacred the idea that beliefs should change to
>suit whatever is the best information available at the time, AND,
>*AND*, ****AND***, a scientist understands that any current beliefs
>are deficient in some way.

Well, not ALL current beliefs are deficient, but basically I agree.


>Can you see the difference?  Science views beliefs as being flawed,
>and new information can be obtained to improve them.

Ideally, this is true.  In reality, though, you have to acknowledge
that scientists are human.  Scientists have egos and biases.  Some
scientists assume a particular theory is true, refuse to admit the
flaws in that theory because of ego problems or whatever, and proceed
to spend their time and money trying to come up with absolute proof 
for the theory.  Remember cold fusion?


>>By the way, I wasn't aware mass suicide
>>was a problem.  Waco and Jonestown were isolated incidents.  
>>Mass suicides are far from common.
>
>Clinton and the FBI would love for you to convince them of this.
>It would save the US taxpayer a lot of money if you could.

Not really.  I agree that we spent far too much money on the Waco
crisis ($7,500,000 I believe), especially considering the outcome.
My point was that mass suicides in the U.S. are rare (Jonestown was
in Guyana, incidentally, although we footed the bill for the clean-up),
and the U.S. has far more important issues to address.  Compare the
number of U.S. citizens who have died in mass suicides with, say, the
number of U.S. soldiers who died during one week of the Vietnam War and
you will see my point.

-- 
---                      __  _______                              ---
||| Kevin Marshall       \ \/ /_  _/  Computer Science Department |||
||| Virginia Tech         \  / / /     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu |||
--- Blacksburg, Virginia   \/ /_/                  (703) 232-6529 ---

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54195
From: scharle@lukasiewicz.cc.nd.edu (scharle)
Subject: Re: Rawlins debunks creationism

In article <1r4dglINNkv2@ctron-news.ctron.com>, king@ctron.com (John E. King) writes:
|> 
|> 
|> kv07@IASTATE.EDU (Warren Vonroeschlaub) writes:
|> 
|> 
|> 
|> >  Neither I, nor Webster's has ever heard of Francis Hitchings.  Who is he? 
|> >Please do not answer with "A well known evolutionist" or some other such
|> >informationless phrase.
|> 
|> He is a paleontologist and author of "The Neck of the Giraffe".  The
|> quote was taken from pg. 103.
|> 
|> Jack

    For your information, I checked the Library of Congress catalog,
and they list the following books by Francis Hitching:

    Earth Magic

    The Neck of the Giraffe, or Where Darwin Went Wrong

    Pendulum: the Psi Connection

    The World Atlas of Mysteries

-- 
Tom Scharle                |scharle@irishmvs
Room G003 Computing Center |scharle@lukasiewicz.cc.nd.edu
University of Notre Dame  Notre Dame, IN 46556-0539 USA

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54196
From: scharle@lukasiewicz.cc.nd.edu (scharle)
Subject: Re: Rawlins debunks creationism

In article <30151@ursa.bear.com>, halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
|> In article <C5snCL.J8o@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu>, adpeters@sunflower.bio.indiana.edu (Andy Peters) writes:
|> 
|> >Evolution, as I have said before, is theory _and_ fact.  It is exactly
|> >the same amount of each as the existence of atoms and the existence of
|> >gravity.  If you accept the existence of atoms and gravity as fact,
|> >then you should also accept the existence of evolution as fact.
|> >
|> >-- 
|> >--Andy
|> 
|> I don't accept atoms or gravity as fact either.  They are extremely useful
|> mathematical models to describe physical observations we can make.
|> Other posters have aptly explained the atomic model.  Gravity, too, is
|> very much a theory; no gravity waves have even been detected, but we
|> have a very useful model that describes much of the behavior on
|> objects by this thing we _call_ gravity.  Gravity, however, is _not_ 
|> a fact.  It is a theoretical model used to talk about how objects 
|> behave in our physical environment.  Newton thought gravity was a
|> simple vector force; Einstein a wave. Both are very useful models that 
|> have no religious overtones or requirements of faith, unless of course you 
|> want to demand that it is a factual physical entity described exactly 
|> the way the theory now formulated talks about it.  That takes a great 
|> leap of faith, which, of course, is what religion takes.  Evolution
|> is no different.
|> 
|> -- 
|>  jim halat         halat@bear.com     
|> bear-stearns       --whatever doesn't kill you will only serve to annoy you--
|>    nyc             i speak only for myself

    What do you accept as a fact --  the roundness of the earth (after 
all, the ancient Greeks thought it was a sphere, and then Newton said 
it was a spheroid, and now people say it's a geoid [?])?  yourself 
(isn't your personal identity just a theoretical construct to make 
sense of memories, feelings, perceptions)?  I'm trying to think of 
anything that would be a fact for you.  Give some examples, and let's
see how factual they are by your criteria (BTW, what are your
criteria?).

    "Gravity is _not_ a fact": is that a fact?  How about Newton's 
and Einstein's thoughts about gravity -- is it a fact that they had 
those thoughts?  I don't see how any of the things that you are 
asserting are any more factual than things like gravity, atoms or 
evolution.

    In short, before I am willing to consider your concept of what
a fact is, I'm going to have to have, as a minimum, some examples of
what you think are facts.

-- 
Tom Scharle                |scharle@irishmvs
Room G003 Computing Center |scharle@lukasiewicz.cc.nd.edu
University of Notre Dame  Notre Dame, IN 46556-0539 USA

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54197
From: sjs28257@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu (Steve Stelter)
Subject: Re: Mottos to replace "In doG we trust"

pepke@dirac.scri.fsu.edu (Eric Pepke) writes:

>"In Mammon We Trust"
>"Hey, this is just a piece of paper!"
>"Spend Me Quickly"

"This is your god" (from John Carpenter's "They Live," natch)



                         --Steve "The Lurking Horror" Stelter
                           sjs28257@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54198
From: datepper@phoenix.Princeton.EDU (David Aaron Tepper)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <30136@ursa.bear.com> halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
>In article <1qjd3o$nlv@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
>>Firstly, science has its basis in values, not the other way round.
>>So you better explain what objective atoms are, and how we get them
>>from subjective values, before we go any further.
>
>Atoms are not objective.  They aren't even real.  What scientists call
>an atom is nothing more than a mathematical model that describes 
>certain physical, observable properties of our surroundings.  All
>of which is subjective.  

[rest deleted...]

You were a liberal arts major, weren'tcha?

Guess you never saw that photo of the smallest logo in the world--
"IBM" made with noble gas atoms (krypton? xenon? I forget the
specifics).

Atoms, trees, electrons are all independently observable and
verifiable. Morals aren't. See the difference?

Tep
-- 
Men who love brown tend to be warm and deep, sensitive to the needs and
desires of their partners. Sex is a 24 hour a day thing. Snuggling by
the fire, walking in the rain or catching snowflakes on their tongue is
a real turn-on to a lover of brown. (thanx becka!)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54199
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)
From: SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (SCOTT D. SAUYET)

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:   >
  ( in <1993Apr16.163729.867@batman.bmd.trw.com> )
  ( responding to Dave "First With Official A.A Nickname" Fuller )
 
[ ... ]
> The death penalty IS a deterrent, Dave.  The person executed will never
> commit a crime again.  Guaranteed.      [ ... ]

That means that it is an effective anti-recidivism measure.  It does
not say that it deters an individual from committing a capital crime
in the first place.

The true question is whether the threat of death is likely to actually
stop one from murdering.  (Or commiting treason -- are there any other
capital crimes anywhere in the USA?)  That is, if there were no death
penalty, would its introduction deter a would-be criminal from
committing her/his crime?  I doubt it.

This is only the first step.  Even if it were a strong deterrent
(short of being a complete deterrent) I would reject it.  For what
about the case of the innocent executed?

And even if we could eliminate this possibility, I would reject the
death penalty as immoral. This makes me something of a radical on
the issue, although I think there are many opponents of captial
punishment who agree with me, but who find the innocent executed the
strongest argument to make.

I would, if magically placed in charge, facilitate state-aided suicide
for criminals who have life-sentences.  This could be a replacement
for capital punishment.  Those who don't want to live the rest of
their lives in jail would always have this option.

 -- Scott Sauyet                 ssauyet@eagle.wesleyan.edu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54200
From: MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <C5L1tG.K5q@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu writes:

> If some society came up with a good reason for why rape and murder are ok I 
> would be consistent with my position and hold that it was still wrong.  My 
> basis of morality is not on societal norms, or on current legalities.  My
> basis is, surprise surprise, on both the Bible and on inherent moral
> abhorrences,

      AH! But what, exactly, is "inherently abhorrent" and WHY is it so?
What you're saying is, in effect, "I think some things are repulsive,
and I know a whole bunch of other people who agree with me, so they
should be deemed absolutely immoral now and forever, period".

      Which in and of itself is nice enough; to some extent I agree with
you. But I do _not_ agree that things are 'inherently' or 'absolutely'
immoral; they are labeled 'immoral' each for its own good reason, and if
the reason can even theoretically change, then so can the label.

[...]
> Yes, that's vague, and the only way I know off the top of my head to
> defend it is to say that all humans are similarly made. Yes, that falls
> into the trap of creation,

      No it doesn't. Humans are to some extent similar, because we all
belong to the same species; that that species has evolved is another
story altogether. To a certain extent evolution can even lend credence
to moral absolutism (of a flavour).

[...]
> My arguments are that it is better to exhibit trust, goodness, 
> love, respect, courage, and honesty in any society rather than deceipt,
> hatred, disrespect, "cowardness", and dishonesty.

      You're saying morality is what'll keep society alive and kicking.
It is, I think, up to a point; but societies are not all alike, and
neither are their moralities.

> No, I haven't been everywhere and 
> seen everyone, but, according to my thesis, I don't have to, since I hold that
> we were all created similarly.

      Similar != identical.

> If that makes an unfalsifiable thesis, just say
> so, and I'll both work out what I can and punt to fellow theists.

      No, it's falsifiable through finding someoe who was "created
different", whatever that might be in the "real" world.

-- 
  Disclaimer?   "It's great to be young and insane!"

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54201
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1qla0g$afp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>In article <115565@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>|> >I hope an Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI, which
>|> >ripped off so many small depositors among the Muslim
>|> >community in the Uk and elsewhere.

>|> Grow up, childish propagandist.

>Gregg, I'm really sorry if having it pointed out that in practice
>things aren't quite the wonderful utopia you folks seem to claim
>them to be upsets you..

You have done no such thing.


>BBCI was an example of an Islamically owned and operated bank -
>what will someone bet me they weren't "real" Islamic owners and
>operators?

An Islamic bank is a bank which operates according to the rules
of Islam in regard to banking. This is done explicitly by the
bank. This was not the case with BCCI.

>And why did these naive depositors put their life savings into
>BCCI rather than the nasty interest-motivated western bank down
>the street?   

This is crap. BCCI was motivated by the same motives as other
international banks, with perhaps an emphasis on dealing with
outlaws and the intelligence services of various governments.

>So please don't try to con us into thinking that it will all 
>work out right next time.

Back to childish propaganda again. You really ought to get a life
rather than wasting bandwith on such empty typing. There are thousands
of Islamic banks operating throughout the world which no-one ever hears
about. If you want to talk about corrupted banks we can talk about
all the people who've been robbed by American banks. 


Gregg




Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54202
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <1qlb7oINN684@shelley.u.washington.edu> 
jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan) writes:


>20:52 P.S.T.  I come to my senses and accept the all-knowing
>wisdom and power of the Quran and Allah.  Not only that, but Allah 
>himself drops by to congratulate me on my wise choice. Allah rolls a
>few bones and we get down.  Then Allah gets out the Crisco, bends 
>over, and invites me to take a spin around the block.  Wow.


>20:56 P.S.T.  I realize that maybe Allah is looking for more of a 
>commitment than I'm ready for, so I say "Man, I've got some
>programming to do.  Gotta go.  I'll call you."


>20:59 P.S.T   Thinking it over, I renounce Islam.

What loyalty!

Jim, it seems you've been reading a little too much Russell Hoban
lately. As Hemingway said, my imitators always imitate the _bad_
aspects of my writing. Hoban would, no doubt, say the same here.



Gregg

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54203
From: kv07@IASTATE.EDU (Warren Vonroeschlaub)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <C5L184.Jo9@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
writes:
>In <1qlapk$d7v@morrow.stanford.edu> salem@pangea.Stanford.EDU (Bruce Salem) 
>writes:
>>In article <C5JrDE.M4z@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
>Cobb) writes:
>>>Theory of Creationism: MY theistic view of the theory of creationism, (there
>>>are many others) is stated in Genesis 1.  In the beginning God created
>>>the heavens and the earth.
>
>> Wonderful, now try alittle imaginative thinking!
>
>Huh? Imaginative thinking? What did that have to do with what I said? Would it
>have been better if I said the world has existed forever and never was created
>and has an endless supply of energy and there was spontaneous generation of 
>life from non-life?  WOuld that make me all-wise, and knowing, and
imaginative?

  No, but at least it would be a theory.

 |  __L__
-|-  ___  Warren Kurt vonRoeschlaub
 |  | o | kv07@iastate.edu
 |/ `---' Iowa State University
/|   ___  Math Department
 |  |___| 400 Carver Hall
 |  |___| Ames, IA  50011
 J  _____

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54204
From: MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In <93106.155002JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu> <JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:

      Who cares what the fellow wrote anyway? I mean, it came from
PSUVM, so how could it possibly have been of any importance?

=====

(disperse smileys until no longer offended)


-- 
  Disclaimer?   "It's great to be young and insane!"

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54215
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: FAKE GOD, HOLY LIES

In article <1993Apr22.130421.113279@zeus.calpoly.edu>, dmcaloon@tuba.calpoly.edu (David McAloon) writes:
>
> REMEMBER: Einstien said Imagination is greater than knowledge!!

Then Einstein should have had lunch with me at the Tien Fu
on Castro Street yesterday, when they handed me a fortune
cookie that said "He who has imagination but not knowledge
has wings, but no feet".

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54216
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

See, I told you there was an atheist mythology, thanks for proving my
point.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54217
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

Maddi Hausmann (madhaus@netcom.com) wrote:

: But how do we know that you're representing the REAL Christians?
: ;-)

: Bill, you're an asshole.  Get lost.

Maddi,

I see that you still can't grasp the obvious, is it because your are devious
by nature, or can you only find fault with an argument by
misrepresenting it?

I plainly said that I was stating the Christian position as I
understand it, I did not say whether I agree with it since my point
was that the only flaws in that position are those atheists invent.
I have never claimed to be an expert on anything and especially
Christianity, but I have made it an object of pretty intense study
over the years, so I feel qualified to discuss what its general
propositions are.

What offends you is that I have exposed the distortions and
misrepresentations of Christianity you contrive and then rail against,
(which seems more like the classical strawman dodge than what I said)
This leaves you with nothing but to attack but me. As usual, you
avoid the larger issues by picking away at the insignificant stuff, why not
find one particular thing in my post that we can discuss, or can you
even tell me what the issues are?

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54218
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5uuL0.n1C@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
|> 
|> Many of the atheists posting here argue against their own parody of
|> religion; they create some ridiculous caricature of a religion and
|> then attack the believers within that religion and the religion itself
|> as ridiculous. By their own devices, they establish a new religion, a
|> mythology.

You mean Bobby Mozumder is a myth?    We wondered about that.

|> The point of course, is to erect an easy target and deflect the
|> disputants away from the real issue - atheism. The fictional Christian
|> or Moslem or Jew who is supposed to believe the distorted
|> representation of their beliefs presented here, is therefore made to
|> seem a fool and his/her arguments can thereby be made to appear
|> ludicrous. The mythology is the misrepresentations of religion used
|> here as fact.

You mean Bobby Mozumder didn't really post here?   We wondered
about that, too.

So, Mr Conner.   Is Bobby Mozumder a myth, a performing artist, 
a real Moslem. a crackpot, a provocateur?    You know everything
and read all minds: why don't you tell us?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54219
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5uuL0.n1C@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>Many of the atheists posting here argue against their own parody of
>religion; they create some ridiculous caricature of a religion and
>then attack the believers within that religion and the religion itself
>as ridiculous. By their own devices, they establish a new religion, a
>mythology. 

	That is not an "atheism mythology" in any sense of the word.
"Religious paradoy" would be significantly more appropriate.

	The 2nd part is rendered null and void by the simple fact that I
do know several "strong" atheists. I am sure that others do. I myself am
"strong" in the sense that I find the standard concept of God without any
meaning. Any attempt to bring meaning either results in the destruction of 
the viability of language, or in internal self contradiction. 

	The concept of strong atheism is not just a whimsical fantasy. They, 
and I, exist.

	Your strawman is pointless and weak.

---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54220
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5uxJ9.pJ@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:

>See, I told you there was an atheist mythology, thanks for proving my
>point.
>
>Bill

	Considering what you quoted and refered to was blank, I must say:
touche!

	Of course, you are correct, there is no atheistic mythology employed 
on this board. Or, if there is, it is null and void.


---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54221
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5uzpE.18p@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:

>What offends you is that I have exposed the distortions and
>misrepresentations of Christianity you contrive and then rail against,
>(which seems more like the classical strawman dodge than what I said)
>This leaves you with nothing but to attack but me. As usual, you
>avoid the larger issues by picking away at the insignificant stuff, why not
>find one particular thing in my post that we can discuss, or can you
>even tell me what the issues are?

	Let me guess: you're not a psycho-analyst in real life, but you play 
one on alt.atheism. Right?


	Is ESP something you have been given by God?
---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54222
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)
From: sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed)

In article <1993Apr22.015922.7418@daffy.cs.wisc.edu> mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
>In article <37501@optima.cs.arizona.edu> sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed) writes:
>>BULLSHIT!!! In the Gulf Massacre, 7% of all ordnance used was "smart." The
>>rest - that's 93% - was just regular, dumb ol' iron bombs and stuff.

>I have heard figures closer to 80%, ...

>>And of the 7% that was the "smart" stuff, 35% hit. Again - try to follow me
>>here - that means 65% of this "smart" arsenal missed.

>Most figures I have seen place the hit ratio close to 70%, which is 
>still far higher than your 35%.

>> I have a source that says that to date, the civilian death count
>>(er, excuse me, I mean "collateral damage") is about 200,000.

>I have _never_ seen any source that was claiming such a figure.  Please
>post the source so its reliability can be judged.  

Obviously, we have different sources. Bill Moyers (who happens to be a
theist, to tie this to alt.atheism!) in his PBS documentary "After The
War" is my main source. (I think I still have it on videotape.) Others
include The Nation and The Progressive.

The rest of the article is mere rationalisation. You may claim that
sanitation plants are strategic "legitimate" targets, but what happens to
the civilians in a city with no sewer system? What happens to the
civilians when you destroy water purification plants? And when hospitals
can't handle the resultant epidemics, because there is no more electricity?

And what exactly are your sources? We have all, I'm sure, seen Postol's
interviews in the media where he demostrates how the Pentagon lied about
the Patriot's effectiveness; what is your source for the 70%
effectiveness you claim?

In any case, I don't know if this is relevant to alt.atheism. How about
if we move it somewhere else?

-s
--
  Shamim Mohamed / {uunet,noao,cmcl2..}!arizona!shamim / shamim@cs.arizona.edu
  "Take this cross and garlic; here's a Mezuzah if he's Jewish; a page of the
    Koran if he's a Muslim; and if he's a Zen Buddhist, you're on your own."
   Member of the League for Programming Freedom - write to lpf@uunet.uu.net

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54223
From: hyder@cs.utexas.edu (Syed Irfan Hyder)
Subject: Re: The Qur'an and atheists (was Re: Jewish Settlers Demolish a Mosque in Gaza)

In article <2944846190.2.p00261@psilink.com> "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
::DATE:   Sun, 25 Apr 1993 10:13:30 GMT
::FROM:   Fred Rice <darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au:
::
::
::The Qur'an talks about those who take their lusts and worldly desires for 
::their "god".
::
::I think this probably encompasses most atheists.
::
:: Fred Rice
:: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   
:
:As well as all the Muslim men screwing fourteen year old prostitutes in
:Thailand.  Got a better quote?
:

I wonder if the above quote forms  the justification for athiesm, and
the equanimity with which their belief is arrived at!!!!!


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54224
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

Andrew Newell (TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu) wrote:
: >
: >I think you're letting atheist mythology confuse you on the issue of

: (WEBSTER:  myth:  "a traditional or legendary story...
:            ...a belief...whose truth is accepted uncritically.")

: How does that qualify?
: Indeed, it's almost oxymoronic...a rather amusing instance.
: I've found that most atheists hold almost no atheist-views as
: "accepted uncritically," especially the few that are legend.
: Many are trying to explain basic truths, as myths do, but
: they don't meet the other criterions.

Andrew,

The myth to which I refer is the convoluted counterfeit athiests have
created to make religion appear absurd. Rather than approach religion
(including Christainity) in a rational manner and debating its claims
-as the are stated-, atheists concoct outrageous parodies and then
hold the religious accountable for beliefs they don't have. What is
more accurately oxymoric is the a term like, reasonable atheist.

Bill

: >Divine justice. According to the most fundamental doctrines of
: >Christianity, When the first man sinned, he was at that time the

: You accuse him of referencing mythology, then you procede to
: launch your own xtian mythology.  (This time meeting all the
: requirements of myth.)
 
Here's a good example of of what I said above. Read the post again, I
said, "Acoording to ...", which means I am referring to Christian
doctrine (as I understand it), if I am speaking for myself you'll know
it. My purpose in posting was to present a basic overview of Christain
doctrines since it seemed germane.

Bill

: >with those who pretend not to know what is being said and what it
: >means. When atheists claim that they do -not- know if God exists and
: >don't know what He wants, they contradict the Bible which clearly says
: >that -everyone- knows. The authority of the Bible is its claim to be

: ...should I repeat what I wrote above for the sake of getting
: it across?  You may trust the Bible, but your trusting it doesn't
: make it any more credible to me.
: If the Bible says that everyone knows, that's clearly reason
: to doubt the Bible, because not everyone "knows" your alleged
: god's alleged existance.

Again I am paraphrasing Christian doctrine which is very clear on this
point, your dispute is not with me ...

Bill

: >refuted while the species-wide condemnation is justified. Those that
: >claim that there is no evidence for the existence of God or that His will is
: >unknown, must deliberately ignore the Bible; the ignorance itself is
: >no excuse.

: 1) No, they don't have to ignore the Bible.  The Bible is far
: from universally accepted.  The Bible is NOT a proof of god;
: it is only a proof that some people have thought that there
: was a god.  (Or does it prove even that?  They might have been
: writing it as series of fiction short-stories.  As in the
: case of Dionetics.)  Assuming the writers believed it, the
: only thing it could possibly prove is that they believed it.
: And that's ignoring the problem of whether or not all the
: interpretations and Biblical-philosophers were correct.

: 2) There are people who have truly never heard of the Bible.

: 3) Again, read the FAQ.

1) Here again you miss the point. The Bible itself is not the point,
it's what it contains. It makes no difference who accpets the Bible or
even who's unaware of its existence, Christians hold that it applies
universally because mankind shares the same nature and the same fate
and the same innate knowledge of God.

2) See above

3) If you read my post with same care as read the FAQ, we wouldn't be
having this conversation.

Bill

: >freedom. You are free to ignore God in the same way you are free to
: >ignore gravity and the consequences are inevitable and well known
: >in both cases. That an atheist can't accept the evidence means only

: Bzzt...wrong answer!
: Gravity is directly THERE.  It doesn't stop exerting a direct and
: rationally undeniable influence if you ignore it.  God, on the
: other hand, doesn't generally show up in the supermarket, except
: on the tabloids.  God doesn't exert a rationally undeniable influence.
: Gravity is obvious; gods aren't.

As I said, the evidence is there, you just don't accept it, here at
least we agree.

Bill

: >Secondly, human reason is very comforatble with the concept of God, so
: >much so that it is, in itself, intrinsic to our nature. Human reason
: >always comes back to the question of God, in every generation and in

: No, human reason hasn't always come back to the existance of
: "God"; it has usually come back to the existance of "god".
: In other words, it doesn't generally come back to the xtian
: god, it comes back to whether there is any god.  And, in much
: of oriental philosophic history, it generally doesn't pop up as
: the idea of a god so much as the question of what natural forces
: are and which ones are out there.  From a world-wide view,
: human nature just makes us wonder how the universe came to
: be and/or what force(s) are currently in control.  A natural
: tendancy to believe in "God" only exists in religious wishful
: thinking.

Yes, human reason does always come back to the existence of God, we're
having this discussion are we not?

Bill

: >I said all this to make the point that Christianity is eminently
: >reasonable, that Divine justice is just and human nature is much
: >different than what atheists think it is. Whether you agree or not

: YOU certainly are not correct on human nature.  You are, at
: the least, basing your views on a completely eurocentric
: approach.  Try looking at the outside world as well when
: you attempt to sum up all of humanity.

Well this is interesting, Truth is to be determined by it politically
correct content. Granted it's extremely unhip to be a WASP male, and
anything European is contemptable, but I thought this kind of
dialogue, the purpose of a.a, was to get at the truth of things. But
then I remember the oxymoron, reasonalble atheist, and I understand.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54225
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

James Felder (spbach@lerc.nasa.gov) wrote:

: Are you saying that their was a physical Adam and Eve, and that all humans are direct decendents of only these two human beings.?  Then who were Cain and Able's wives?  Couldn't be their sisters, because A&E didn't have daughters.  Were they non-humans?

Okay all humans are direct descendents of of a bunch of hopeful
monsters. The human race didn't evolve from one set parents, but from
thousands. Do you really base your atheist on -this-?

: Considering that something like 4 out of 5 humans on this planet don't know instinctively that the Christian god exist, the claim of instinctive knowledge doesn't look like it hold much water.  Or are you saying that the 4 billion non-Christians in the world must fight this instinctive urge to acknowledge God and JC.

Did I say that people were Christians by nature or did I say that
Christians hold that everyone knows of the God the Christians worship.
I would have thought the distinction obvious, sorry. Read my post
again and see what I -really- said; from what you've written, I think
you are just being agumentative. Also your word-wrap is screwed up or
you need to shift to 80 columns text ...

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54226
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:

: I agree, I had a hard feeling not believing my grand-grand mother
: who told me of elves dancing outside barns in the early mornings.
: I preferred not to accept it, even if her statement provided
: the truth itself. Life is hard.


Kent,

Truly a brilliant rebuttal. Apparently you are of the opinion that
ridicule is a suitable substitute for reason; you'll find plenty of
company a.a

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54227
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <115847@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>Well, in 1984 one was not allowed to leave the domain of authority. One
>_is_ free to leave Islam. If one regards Islamic law as a curse one
>should consider leaving Islam.

	The only way out seems to be death.

---  

  " I'd Cheat on Hillary Too."

   John Laws
   Local GOP Reprehensitive
   Extolling "Traditional Family Values."





Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54228
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

In article <1993Apr17.225127.25062@daffy.cs.wisc.edu> mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
>You exagerate to the point of libel.  I gave only unpopular reasons
>deliberately.  Or do you think that we should have let Iraq absorb Kuwait?
>I could make the tired old 1939 Poland comparison, but I think you've
>heard it.  But the principle aplies, never play a Chamberlain and
>roll over to another country being invaded.  That only invites further 
>invasions.

	Perhaps we ought not to have supported a known genocidist?
	Provided him with weapon systems, tactical support, technology,
etc.

	We made Suddam Hussein.

	What did Bush call him? Oh yes, an ally and a freind.


---  

  " I'd Cheat on Hillary Too."

   John Laws
   Local GOP Reprehensitive
   Extolling "Traditional Family Values."





Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54231
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: "Cruel"

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:

>>I don't think so.  Although some forms of execution are painful (the electric
>>chair looks particularly so), I think the pain is relatively short-lived.
>>Drawing and quartering, on the other hand, looks very painful, and the
>>victim wouldn't die right away (he'd bleed to death, I'd imagine).
>Ah, so a cruel punishment is not just if it is painful, as you 
>origionally stated. It is about long term pain, eg: non short-lived.
>Why this sudden chance in your stance?

I don't think I've changed my stance at all.  My original stance was that
a painless execution was not a cruel one.  I didn't say what would be
considered cruel, only that a painless death wasn't.  Now, cruelty must
involve some sort of suffering, I believe.  I don't think someone that gets
shot in the head or electrocuted really suffers very much.  Even a hanging
probably produces one sharp instance of pain, but it's over so quickly...

>Hmmmmm?

Pardon?

>Could it be that a counter example has been made, which renders your 
>previous stance null and void? Why don't you admit that your previous stance 
>is incorrect? Or, if you somehow managed to slip up, and misstated your 
>origional stance, why not admit it?

No.  Well, again I stated that a painless death isn't cruel, but I don't
think I stated that all painful executions *are* cruel.  I think that some
are cruel, depending on the nature and duration of the pain.

>By the way, how long is too long?

Anything more than an instant, I guess.  Any death by suffocation
asphyxiation, or blood loss would be cruel, I think (this includes the
gas chamber, and drawing and quartering).  I'd say that any pain that
lasts, say, over twenty seconds or so would be too long (but this may
be an arbitrary cutoff, I suppose).

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54233
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

Dan Schaertel,,, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) wrote:
> In article 21627@ousrvr.oulu.fi, kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko) writes:

> |>I love god just as much as she loves me. If she wants to seduce me,
> |>she'll know what to do. 

> But if He/She did you would probably consider it rape.  

Of course not. I would think that would be great _fun_, not having ever
felt the joy and peace the Christians speak of with a longing gaze.
This is not what I got when I believed - I just tried to hide my fear
of getting punished for something I never was sure of. The Bible is
hopelessly confusing for someone who wants to know for sure. God did
not answer. In the end, I found I had been following a mass delusion,
a lie. I can't believe in a being who refuses to give a slightest hint
of her existence.

> Obviously there are many Christians who have tried and do believe. So .. ?

I suggest they should honestly reconsider the reasons why they believe
and analyse their position. In fact, it is amusing to note in this
context that many fundamentalist publications tell us exactly the
opposite - one should not examine one's belief critically.

I'll tell you something I left out of my 'testimony' I posted to this
group two months ago. A day after I finally found out my faith is over,
I decided to try just one more time. The same cycle of emotional
responses fired once again, but this time the delusion lasted only
a couple of hours. I told my friend in a phone that it really works,
thank god, just to think about it again when I hung up. I had to admit
that I had lied, and fallen prey to the same illusion.

> No one asks you to swallow everything, in fact Jesus warns against it.   But let
> me ask you a question.  Do you beleive what you learn in history class, or for
> that matter anything in school.  I mean it's just what other people have told
> you and you don't want to swallow what others say. right ... ?

I used to believe what I read in books when I was younger, or what
other people told me, but I grew more and more skeptical the more I
read. I learned what it means to use _reason_.

As a student of chemistry, I had to perform a qualitative analysis
of a mixture of two organic compounds in the lab. I _hated_ experiments
like this - they are old-fashioned and increase the student's workload
considerably. Besides, I had to do it twice, since I failed in my first
attempt. However, I think I'll never forget the lesson: 

No matter how strongly you believe the structure of the unknown is X,
it may still be Y. It is _very_ tempting to jump into conclusions, take
a leap of faith, assure oneself, ignore the data which is inconsistent. 
But it can still be wrong. 

I found out that I was, after all, using exactly the same mechanism
to believe in god - mental self-assurance, suspension of fear, 
filtering of information. In other words, it was only me, no god
playing any part. 

> The life , death, and resurection of Christ is documented historical fact.

Oh? And I had better believe this? Dan, many UFO stories are much better
documented than the resurrection of Jesus. The resurrection is documented
quite haphazardly in the Bible - it seems the authors did not pay too
much attention to which wild rumour to leave out. Besides, the ends of
the gospels probably contain later additions and insertions; for instance,
the end of Mark (16:9-20) is missing from many early texts, says my Bible.

Jesus may have lived and died, but he was probably misunderstood.

> As much
> as anything else you learn.  How do you choose what to believe and 
> what not to?

This is easy. I believe that the world exists independent of my mind,
and that logic and reason can be used to interpret and analyse what I
observe. Nothing else need to be taken on faith, I will go by the
evidence. 

It makes no difference whether I believe George Washington existed or not.
I assume that he did, considering the vast amount of evidence presented.

> There is no way to get into a sceptical heart.  You can not say you have 
> given a 
> sincere effort with the attitude you seem to have.  You must TRUST, 
> not just go 
> to church and participate in it's activities.  Were you ever willing to
> die for what you believed?  

A liar, how do you know what my attitude was? Try reading your Bible
again. 

I was willing to die for my faith. Those who do are usually remembered
as heroes, at least among those who believe. Dan, do you think I'm
lying when I say I believed firmly for 15 years? It seems it is 
very difficult to admit that someone who has really believed does not
do so anymore. But I can't go on lying to myself.

Blind trust is dangerous, and I was just another blind led by the blind.
But if god really wants me, she'll know what to do. I'm willing. I just
don't know whether she exists - looking at the available evidence,
it looks like she doesn't. 

Petri
--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54234
From: kadie@cs.uiuc.edu (Carl M Kadie)
Subject: [UPI] "Mother files complaint over Boy Scouts"

[By default, followups to 3 newsgroups.]

A short excerpt:

>	BROOKFIELD, Wis. (UPI) -- A mother has filed a complaint with the
>Elmbrook School Board alleging her son's elementary school and its
>Parent-Teacher Organization show discrimination by supporting the Boy
>Scouts.
>	Gisele Klemp said Wednesday the PTO's sponsorship of a Boy Scout
>troop and Cub Scout pack that meet at Hillside Elementary School in
>surbarban Milwaukee is discrimination because the Boy Scouts ban
>homosexuals.
[...]
>	PTO President Gail Pludeman disputed the charges of discrimination
>and said she believes the Boy Scouts are beneficial.
-- 
Carl Kadie -- I do not represent any organization; this is just me.
 = kadie@cs.uiuc.edu =

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54235
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5v09t.1Dq@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes: 
|> 
|> Okay all humans are direct descendents of of a bunch of hopeful
|> monsters. The human race didn't evolve from one set parents, but from
|> thousands. Do you really base your atheist on -this-?


In article <C5v0zp.1Dq@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
|>
|> Truly a brilliant rebuttal. Apparently you are of the opinion that
|> ridicule is a suitable substitute for reason; you'll find plenty of
|> company a.a

Bill Conner, meet Bill Conner.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54236
From: forgach@noao.edu (Suzanne Forgach)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

> In article <kmr4.1587.734911207@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>
>   Only when the Sun starts to orbit the Earth will I accept the Bible. 

Did you forget that two spinning skaters are in orbit around each other?

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54237
From: Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <1993Apr21.144114.8057@wam.umd.edu>, willdb@wam.umd.edu (William
David Battles) says:
>
>In article <1993Apr16.223250.15242@ncsu.edu> aiken@news.ncsu.edu (Wayne NMI
>Aiken) writes:
>>JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu wrote:
>>: YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  E
>B
>>: PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>>
>>Did someone leave their terminal unattended again?
>
>Probably not! The jesus freak's post is probably JSN104@PSUVM. Penn State
>is just loaded to the hilt with bible bangers. I use to go there *vomit* and
>it was the reason I left. They even had a group try to stop playing
>rock music in the dining halls one year cuz they deemed it satanic. Kampus
>Krusade for Khrist people run the damn place for the most part....except
>the Liberal Arts departments...they are the safe havens.

Sounds like you were going to a different Penn State or something.
Kampus Krusade for Khrist is very vocal here, but they really have
little power to get anything done.  Sometimes it seems like there
are a lot of them because they're generally more vocal than their
opposition, but there really aren't that many Krusaders.

The liberals tend to keep to themselves if they can help it, since
all they really want is to be allowed to go about their own lives
the way they want to.  ...so you don't hear from or about most of
them.  The bible-bangers stand out because they want everyone to
be forced to live according to bible-banger rules.

The Krusaders certainly don't run this place.

I'd say we've got a rather average mix. of people here....
much like the rest of the U.S.  And just like everywhere else,
some factions are louder than others.

Andrew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54238
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5v2Mr.1z1@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>The myth to which I refer is the convoluted counterfeit athiests have
>created to make religion appear absurd. Rather than approach religion
>(including Christainity) in a rational manner and debating its claims
>-as the are stated-, atheists concoct outrageous parodies and then
>hold the religious accountable for beliefs they don't have. What is
>more accurately oxymoric is the a term like, reasonable atheist.

	1) They are religious parodies, NOT atheistic paradies.

	2) Please substantiate that they are parodies, and are outrageous.
	   Specifically, why is the IUP any more outrageous than many 
	   religions?

---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54239
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: "Cruel"

In article <1r7bkpINNo0s@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:



>No.  Well, again I stated that a painless death isn't cruel, but I don't
>think I stated that all painful executions *are* cruel.  I think that some
>are cruel, depending on the nature and duration of the pain.

	But hanging is certainly painful. Or, do you not let the condemned 
know they are going to die?


>Anything more than an instant, I guess.  Any death by suffocation
>asphyxiation, or blood loss would be cruel, I think (this includes the
>gas chamber, and drawing and quartering).  I'd say that any pain that
>lasts, say, over twenty seconds or so would be too long (but this may
>be an arbitrary cutoff, I suppose).

	Hanging is not supposed to be very pleasant. I believe that in 
actuality, it is not "quick and clean". However, gas chambers can be
quite non-painful. Heck, why not give them a good time? Suffication by
Nitrious Oxide!

	=)


---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54240
From: christen@astro.ocis.temple.edu (Carl Christensen)
Subject: Re: Books

[stuff about hard to find atheist books deleted]

Perhaps the infiltration of fundies onto school boards, city councils,
etc. has something to do with why you can't find alternative media?

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54241
From: christen@astro.ocis.temple.edu (Carl Christensen)
Subject: Re: Cults Vs. Religions?

Bill Ray (ray@engr.LaTech.edu) wrote:
: James Thomas Green (jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu) wrote:
: : So in conclusion it can be shown that there is essentially no
: : logical argument which clearly differentiates a "cult" from a
: : "religion".  I challenge anyone to produce a distinction which
: : is clear and can't be easily knocked down.  

: How about this one: a religion is a cult which has stood the test
: of time.

Just like history is written by the `winners' and not the `losers.'
From what I've seen of religions, a religion is just a cult that
was so vile and corrupt it was able to exert it's doctrine using
political and military measures.  Perhaps if Koresh withstood the
onslaught for another couple of months he would have started 
attracting more converts due to his `strength,' hence becoming a
full religion and not just a cult.

--
Carl Christensen                /~~\_/~\        ,,,  Dept. of Computer Science
christen@astro.ocis.temple.edu |  #=#==========#   | Temple University        
"Curiouser and curiouser!" - LC \__/~\_/        ```  Philadelphia, PA  USA   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54242
From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
Subject: Re: Nicknames

cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes: >
>Somebody forgotten me................
>
>"No Nickname" Tan Chade Meng
>(Chinese have nicknames in the front)
>
>--
>
>The UnEnlightened One


I thought your nickname was "UnEnlightened"
-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54243
From: ed@wente.llnl.gov (Ed Suranyi)
Subject: Re: Asimov stamp

In article <C61H4H.8D4@dcs.ed.ac.uk> pdc@dcs.ed.ac.uk (Paul Crowley) writes:
>Quoting schnitzi@eustis.cs.ucf.edu (Mark Schnitzius) in article <schnitzi.735603785@eustis>:
>>I'm sure all the religious types would get in a snit due
>>to Asimov's atheism.

>Can someone confirm this?  Someone told me that Asimov converted to
>Christianity at some point, or something.  Does anyone have any good
>quotes?

What?  Absolutely not.  No way.  Asimov was a lifelong atheist, and
said so many times, right until his death.  Judging from the many
stories he told about his own life, he felt culturally closest to
Judaism, which makes sense. He was born Jewish.

Ed
ed@wente.llnl.gov



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54244
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

dean.kaflowitz (decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com) wrote:
: > 
: > I think you're letting atheist mythology

: Great start.  I realize immediately that you are not interested
: in discussion and are going to thump your babble at me.  I would
: much prefer an answer from Ms Healy, who seems to have a
: reasonable and reasoned approach to things.  Say, aren't you the
: creationist guy who made a lot of silly statements about
: evolution some time ago?

: Duh, gee, then we must be talking Christian mythology now.  I
: was hoping to discuss something with a reasonable, logical
: person, but all you seem to have for your side is a repetition
: of the same boring mythology I've seen a thousand times before.
: I am deleting the rest of your remarks, unless I spot something
: that approaches an answer, because they are merely a repetition
: of some uninteresting doctrine or other and contain no thought
: at all.

: I have to congratulate you, though, Bill.  You wouldn't
: know a logical argument if it bit you on the balls.  Such
: a persistent lack of function in the face of repeated
: attempts to assist you in learning (which I have seen
: in this forum and others in the past) speaks of a talent
: that goes well beyond my own, meager abilities.  I just don't
: seem to have that capacity for ignoring outside influences.

: Dean Kaflowitz

Dean,

Re-read your comments, do you think that merely characterizing an
argument is the same as refuting it? Do you think that ad hominum
attacks are sufficient to make any point other than you disapproval of
me? Do you have any contribution to make at all?

Bill



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54245
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

Mark McCullough (mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu) wrote:
: In article <30136@ursa.bear.com> halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
: >Atoms are not objective.  They aren't even real.  What scientists call
: >an atom is nothing more than a mathematical model that describes 
: >certain physical, observable properties of our surroundings.  All
: >of which is subjective.  
: >
: >-jim halat

: This deserves framing.  It really does.  "[Atoms] aren't even real."

: Tell me then, those atoms we have seen with electron microscopes are
: atoms now, so what are they?  Figments of our imaginations?  The
: evidence that atoms are real is overwhelming, but I won't bother with
: most evidence at the moment.

You would have us believe that what the eye perceives as images are
actaully there - as perceived? This may be interesting. I thought
that an electron microscope was used because no wavelength of "light"
can illuminate any "object" of atomic scale. If this image is to have
useful resolution, wouldn't the illuminating sources wavelength have
to be several orders of magnitude less than size of thing observed?

If an atom is a "probablity cloud", lower resolutions would give the
appearance of solidity, but it seems fairly certain that an atom is
not an object is any conventional sense. Obviously I am not a
physicist, but the question does have ramification of a philosophic
nature. Anyway, just a stray thought, carry on ...

Bill


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54246
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

Mike Cobb (cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu) wrote:

: Very true (length of time for discussions on creationism vs evolutionism). 
: Atheists and Christians have been debating since ?? and still debate with 
: unabated passion 8-).

Mike,

I've seen referrences to "Creation vs Evolution" several times in a.a
and I have question. Is either point of view derived from direct
observation; can either be scientific? I wonder if the whole
controversy is more concerned with the consequences of the "Truth"
rather than the truth itself. 
Both sides seem to hold to a philosophical outcome, and I can't help
wondering which came first. As I've pointed out elsewhere, my view of
human nature makes me believe that there is no way of knowing
anyhthing objectively - all knowledge is inherently subjective. So, in
the context of a.a, would you take a stand based on what you actually
know to be true or on what you want to be true and how can you tell
the difference?

Bill


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54247
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:
: In article <C5Mw03.9qr@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu
: (Bill Conner) wrote:
: > I'd say that what one chooses to observe and how the observation is
: > interpreted and what significance it's given depends a great deal on
: > the values of the observer. Science is a human activity and as such,
: > is subject to the same potential for distortion as any other human
: > activity. The myth that scientists are above moral influence or
: > ethical concern, that their knowledge can be abstacted whole and pure
: > from nature untainted by the biases of the scientist, is nonsense.

: Bill, this is wonderfully phrased. I assume you understand that your
: statement is also undermining such human constructs as religion
: as well.


Kent,

I'll accept this as a compliment although I'm always a little paranoid
when visiting a.a, thanks. Yes I do know the extent of the statements
relevence, it's what I think of as human nature. I'm not sure it
undermines either religion or atheism since both claim special
knowledge about the Truth and since such claims are always suspect,
all we can learn from it is that humans are a very arrogant species.
My point is that we cannot ignore human nature when examining human
claims. The trick here then, is to find some way to abstract our
infinitely fallible nature from whatever reality is out there so we
can see what there is to see. I can think of no way this can be done.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54248
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: What's a shit shoveler to do? (was Re: Amusing atheists and)

Robert Beauchaine (bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM) wrote:
: >

:   Precisely my position.  

:   As a newbie, I tried the point-by-point approach to debate with
:   these types.  It wasted both my time and my lifespan.  Ignoring
:   them is not an option, since they don't go away, and doing so
:   would leave one with large stretches of complete anonymity in this
:   group.

Bob,

I've posted here long enough to see your name a few times, but I
can't recall any point by point approach to anything you've
contributed. But I'm old (probably senile) and I may have just
forgotten, if you could post an example of your invincible logic, it
might jog my memory.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54249
From: mcelwre@cnsvax.uwec.edu
Subject: FREE-ENERGY TECHNOLOGY

          
            
                            FREE-ENERGY TECHNOLOGY
                       by Robert E. McElwaine, Physicist
          
               Ninety to a hundred years ago, everybody "knew" that a 
          heavier-than-air machine could not possibly fly.  It would 
          violate the "laws" of physics.  All of the "experts" and 
          "authorities" said so. 
          
               For example, Simon Newcomb declared in 1901:  "The 
          demonstration that no possible combination of known 
          substances, known forms of machinery and known forms of 
          force, can be united in a practical machine by which man 
          shall fly long distances through the air, seems to the writer 
          as complete as it is possible for the demonstration of any 
          physical fact to be." 
          
               Fortunately, a few SMART people such as the Wright 
          Brothers did NOT accept such pronouncements as the final 
          word.  Now we take airplanes for granted, (except when they 
          crash). 
          
               Today, orthodox physicists and other "scientists" are 
          saying similar things against several kinds of 'Free Energy' 
          Technologies, using negative terms such as "pseudo-science" 
          and "perpetual motion", and citing so-called "laws" which 
          assert that "energy cannot be created or destroyed" ("1st law 
          of thermodynamics") and "there is always a decrease in useful 
          energy" ("2nd law of thermodynamics").  The physicists do not 
          know how to do certain things, so they ARROGANTLY declare 
          that those things cannot be done.  Such PRINCIPLES OF 
          IMPOTENCE are COMMON in orthodox modern "science" and help to 
          cover up INCONSISTENCIES and CONTRADICTIONS in orthodox 
          modern theories. 
          
               Free Energy Inventions are devices which can tap a 
          seemingly UNLIMITED supply of energy from the universe, with-
          OUT burning any kind of fuel, making them the PERFECT 
          SOLUTION to the world-wide energy crisis and its associated 
          pollution, degradation, and depletion of the environment. 
          
               Most Free Energy Devices probably do not create energy, 
          but rather tap into EXISTING natural energy sources by 
          various forms of induction.  UNLIKE solar or wind devices, 
          they need little or no energy storage capacity, because they 
          can tap as much energy as needed WHEN needed.  Solar energy 
          has the DIS-advantage that the sun is often blocked by 
          clouds, trees, buildings, or the earth itself, or is reduced 
          by haze or smog or by thick atmosphere at low altitudes and 
          high latitudes.  Likewise, wind speed is WIDELY VARIABLE and 
          often non-existent.  Neither solar nor wind power are 
          suitable to directly power cars and airplanes.  Properly 
          designed Free Energy Devices do NOT have such limitations. 
          
               For example, at least three U.S. patents (#3,811,058, 
          #3,879,622, and #4,151,431) have so far been awarded for 
          motors that run EXCLUSIVELY on permanent MAGNETS, seemingly 
          tapping into energy circulating through the earth's magnetic 
          field.  The first two require a feedback network in order to 
          be self-running.  The third one, as described in detail in 
          "Science & Mechanics" magazine, Spring 1980, ("Amazing 
          Magnet-Powered Motor", by Jorma Hyypia, pages 45-48, 114-117, 
          and front cover), requires critical sizes, shapes, 
          orientations, and spacings of magnets, but NO feedback.  Such 
          a motor could drive an electric generator or reversible 
          heatpump in one's home, YEAR ROUND, FOR FREE.  [Complete 
          descriptive copies of U.S. patents are $3.00 each from the 
          U.S. Patent Office, 2021 Jefferson Davis Hwy., Arlington, VA  
          22202; correct 7-digit patent number required.  Or try 
          getting copies of BOTH the article AND the Patents via your 
          local public or university library's inter-library loan 
          dept..] 
          
               A second type of free-energy device, such as the 'Gray 
          Motor' (U.S. Patent #3,890,548), the 'Tesla Coil', and the 
          motor of inventor Joseph Newman [see SCIENCE, 2-10-84, pages 
          571-2.], taps ELECTRO-MAGNETIC energy by INDUCTION from 
          'EARTH RESONANCE' (about 12 cycles per second plus 
          harmonics).  They typically have a 'SPARK GAP' in the circuit 
          which serves to SYNCHRONIZE the energy in the coils with the 
          energy being tapped.  It is important that the total 
          'inductance' and 'capacitance' of the Device combine to 
          'RESONATE' at the same frequency as 'EARTH RESONANCE' in 
          order to maximize the power output.  This output can also be 
          increased by centering the SPARK GAP at the 'NEUTRAL CENTER' 
          of a strong U-shaped permanent magnet.  In the case of a 
          Tesla Coil, slipping a 'TOROID CHOKE COIL' around the 
          secondary coil will enhance output power.  ["Earth Energy: 
          Fuelless Propulsion & Power Systems", by John Bigelow, 1976, 
          Health Research, P.O. Box 70, Mokelumne Hill, CA  95245.] 
          
               During the 1930's, an Austrian civil engineer named 
          Viktor Schauberger invented and partially developed an 
          'IMPLOSION TURBINE' (German name, 'ZOKWENDLE'), after 
          analyzing erosion, and lack of erosion, in differently shaped 
          waterways, and developing sophisticated mathematical 
          equations to explain it.  As described in the book "A 
          Breakthrough to New Free-Energy Sources", by Dan A. Davidson, 
          1977, water is pumped by an IMPELLER pump through a 
          LOGARITHMIC-SPIRAL-shaped coil of tubing until it reaches a 
          CRITICAL VELOCITY.  The water then IMPLODES, no longer 
          touching the inside walls of the tubing, and drives the pump, 
          which then converts the pump's motor into an ELECTRIC 
          GENERATOR.  The device seems to be tapping energy from that 
          of the earth's rotation, via the 'Coriolis effect', LIKE A 
          TORNADO.  [ It can also NEUTRALIZE GRAVITY! ] 
          
               A fourth type of Free Energy Device is the 'McClintock 
          Air Motor' (U.S. Patent #2,982,261), which is a cross between 
          a diesel engine (it has three cylinders with a compression 
          ratio of 27 to 1) and a rotary engine (with solar and 
          planetary gears).  It burns NO FUEL, but becomes self-running 
          by driving its own air compressor.  This engine also 
          generates a lot of heat, which could be used to heat 
          buildings; and its very HIGH TORQUE makes it ideal for large 
          trucks, preventing their slowing down when climbing hills.  
          [David McClintock is also the REAL original Inventor of the 
          automatic transmission, differential, and 4-wheel drive.] 
          
               Crystals may someday be used to supply energy, as shown 
          in the Star Trek shows, perhaps by inserting each one between 
          metal capacitor plates and bombarding it with a beam of 
          particles from a small radioactive source like that used in a 
          common household smoke detector. 
          
               One other energy source should be mentioned here, 
          despite the fact that it does not fit the definition of Free 
          Energy.  A Bulgarian-born American Physicist named Joseph 
          Maglich has invented and partially developed an atomic FUSION 
          reactor which he calls 'Migma', which uses NON-radioactive 
          deuterium as a fuel [available in nearly UNLIMITED quantities 
          from sea water], does NOT produce radioactive waste, can be 
          converted DIRECTLY into electricity (with-OUT energy-wasting 
          steam turbines), and can be constructed small enough to power 
          a house or large enough to power a city.  And UNLIKE the 
          "Tokamaks" and laser fusion MONSTROSITIES that we read about, 
          Migma WORKS, already producing at least three watts of power 
          for every watt put in.  ["New Times" (U.S. version), 6-26-78, 
          pages 32-40.] 
          
               And then there are the 'cold fusion' experiments that 
          have been in the news lately, originally conducted by 
          University of Utah researchers B. Stanley Pons and Martin 
          Fleischmann.  Some U.S. Navy researchers at the China Lake 
          Naval Weapons Center in California, under the direction of 
          chemist Melvin Miles, finally took the trouble to collect the 
          bubbles coming from such an apparatus, had them analyzed with 
          mass-spectrometry techniques, and found HELIUM 4, which 
          PROVES that atomic FUSION did indeed take place, and enough 
          of it to explain the excess heat generated. 
          
               There are GOOD INDICATIONS that the two so-called "laws" 
          of thermodynamics are NOT so "absolute".  For example, the 
          late Physicist Dewey B. Larson developed a comprehensive 
          GENERAL UNIFIED Theory of the physical universe, which he 
          calls the 'Reciprocal System', (which he describes in detail 
          in several books such as "Nothing But Motion" (1979) and "The 
          Universe of Motion" (1984)), in which the physical universe 
          has TWO DISTINCT HALVES, the material half and an anti-matter 
          half, with a CONTINUOUS CYCLE of matter and energy passing 
          between them, with-OUT the "heat death" predicted by 
          thermodynamic "laws".  His Theory explains the universe MUCH 
          BETTER than modern orthodox theories, including phenomena 
          that orthodox physicists and astronomers are still scratching 
          their heads about, and is SELF-CONSISTENT in every way.  Some 
          Free Energy Devices might be tapping into that energy flow, 
          seemingly converting "low-quality energy" into "high-quality 
          energy". 
          
               Also, certain religious organizations such as 'Sant Mat' 
          and 'Eckankar' teach their Members that the physical universe 
          is only the LOWEST of at least a DOZEN major levels of 
          existence, like parallel universes, or analogous to TV 
          channels, as described in books like "The Path of the 
          Masters", by Dr. Julian Johnson, 1939, and "Eckankar: The Key 
          to Secret Worlds", by Sri Paul Twitchell, 1969.  For example, 
          the next level up from the physical universe is commonly 
          called the 'Astral Plane'.  Long-time Members of these groups 
          have learned to 'Soul Travel' into these higher worlds and 
          report on conditions there.  It seems plausible that energy 
          could flow down from these higher levels into the physical 
          universe, or be created at the boundary between them, given 
          the right configuration of matter to channel it.  This is 
          supported by many successful laboratory-controlled 
          experiments in PSYCHO-KINESIS throughout the world, such as 
          those described in the book "Psychic Discoveries Behind the 
          Iron Curtain". 
          
               In terms of economics, the market has FAILED.  Inventors 
          do not have enough money and other resources to fully develop 
          and mass-produce Free Energy Equipment, and the conventional 
          energy producer$ have no desire to do so because of their 
          VE$TED INTERE$T$.  The government is needed to intervene.  If 
          the government does not intervene, then the total supply of 
          energy resources from the earth will continue to decline and 
          will soon run out, prices for energy will increase, and 
          pollution and its harmful effects (including the 'GREENHOUSE 
          EFFECT', acid rain, smog, radioactive contamination, oil 
          spills, rape of the land by strip mining, etc.) will continue 
          to increase. 
          
               The government should SUBSIDIZE research and development 
          of Free Energy by Inventors and universities, subsidize 
          private production (until the producers can make it on their 
          own), and subsidize consumption by low-income consumers of 
          Free Energy Hardware. 
          
               The long-range effects of such government intervention 
          would be wide-spread and profound.  The quantity of energy 
          demanded from conventional energy producer$ (coal mining 
          companie$, oil companie$ and countries, electric utilitie$, 
          etc.) would drop to near zero, forcing their employees to 
          seek work elsewhere.  Energy resources (coal, uranium, oil, 
          and gas) would be left in the ground.  Prices for 
          conventional energy supplies would also drop to near zero, 
          while the price of Free Energy Equipment would start out high 
          but drop as supply increases (as happened with VCR's, 
          personal computers, etc.).  Costs of producing products that 
          require large quantities of energy to produce would decrease, 
          along with their prices to consumers.  Consumers would be 
          able to realize the "opportunity costs" of paying electric 
          utility bills or buying home heating fuel.  Tourism would 
          benefit and increase because travelers would not have to 
          spend their money for gasoline for their cars.  Government 
          tax revenue from gasoline and other fuels would have to be 
          obtained in some other way.  AND ENERGY COULD NO LONGER BE 
          USED AS A MOTIVE OR EXCUSE FOR MAKING WAR. 
          
               Many conventional energy producer$ would go out of 
          business, but society as a whole, and the earth's environment 
          and ecosystems, would benefit greatly.  It is the People, 
          that government should serve, rather than the big 
          corporation$ and bank$. 
          

               For more information, answers to your questions, etc., 
          please consult my CITED SOURCES (patents, articles, books). 

          
               UN-altered REPRODUCTION and DISSEMINATION of this 
          IMPORTANT Information is ENCOURAGED. 


                                   Robert E. McElwaine
                                   B.S., Physics, UW-EC



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54250
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

Dan Schaertel,,, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) wrote:

> Let us go back , oh say 1000 years or so, whatever.  Pretend someone says to you
> someday there will be men on the moon.  (Now remember, you still think the
> world is flat).  This is quite an extraordinary claim.

I think C.S. Lewis has argued that medieval people did not all think the
world is flat.

However, this argument goes both ways. Pretend someone telling Plato that
it is highly probable that people do not really have souls; their minds
and their consciousness are just something their brains make up, and
their brains (their body) is actually ahead of their mind even in 
voluntarly actions. I don't think Plato would have been happy with this,
and neither would Paul, although Paul's ideas were quite different.
However, if you would _read_ what we discuss in this group, and not
just preach, you would see that there currently is much evidence in
favour of these statements.

The same applies to the theory of natural selection, or other sacred
cows of Christianity on our origins and human nature. I don't believe
in spirits, devils or immortal souls any more than in gods.

> The fact is we can argue the existence of God until the end of time, there really is no
> way to either prove or disprove it, but there will be a time when we all know the truth.  
> I hope and believe I'm right and I hope and pray that you find your way too. 

Ah, you said it. You believe what you want to. This is what I had assumed
all along. 

> OK maybe I shouldn't have said "no way".   I guess I really believe there is
> a way.  But all I can do is plant seeds.  Either they grow or they don't. 

You might be as well planting Satan's seeds, ever thought of this?
Besides, you haven't yet explained why we must believe so blindly,
without any guiding light at all (at least I haven't noticed it).
I don't think this is at all fair play on god's part. 

Your argument sounds like a version of Pascal's Wager. Please read the
FAQ, this fallacy is discussed there.

> But
> they won't if they're not planted.  The Holy Spirit is the nurishment that
> helps them grow and that comes from God.

And I failed to get help from the HS because I had a wrong attitude?
Sorry, Dan, but I do not think this spirit exists. People who claim to have
access to it just look badly deluded, not gifted. 

Petri


--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54251
From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes: >

>I see that you still can't grasp the obvious, is it because your are devious
>by nature, or can you only find fault with an argument by
>misrepresenting it?

Gee, since you ignored the entire substance of my substantial
post, you got a lot of nerve claiming that I don't understand
what's being talked about.

Respond to the previous post or shut the fuck up.  You're
really annoying.


-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54253
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: FREE-ENERGY TECHNOLOGY

In article <1993Apr22.195256.6376@cnsvax.uwec.edu> mcelwre@cnsvax.uwec.edu writes:
>               Free Energy Inventions are devices which can tap a 
>          seemingly UNLIMITED supply of energy from the universe, with-
>          OUT burning any kind of fuel, making them the PERFECT 
>          SOLUTION to the world-wide energy crisis and its associated 
>          pollution, degradation, and depletion of the environment. 

	Give me a call when you build a working model. 

	Then we'll talk stock options.
---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54254
From: jmunch@hertz.elee.calpoly.edu (John Munch)
Subject: Re: The Qur'an and atheists (was Re: Jewish Settlers Demolish a Mosque in Gaza)

In article <1993Apr26.070405.3615@doug.cae.wisc.edu> kahraman@hprisc-30.cae.wisc.edu (Gokalp Kahraman) writes:
>In this respect, since atheists are dominantly arrogant and claim 
>self-control and self-ownership, they would make pharoahs 
>look like very humble, decent people in comparison!  If the logic is this:
>"since I own myself, others who are like me should also own themselves, and
>going further, things are self-existent and self-standing, and self-living,
>etc." 

Yes, atheists tend to claim self control and self ownership. Are you saying
that theists claim to not have self control? I don't think atheists are
"dominantly arrogant." They don't claim some god that has supremacy over
all of mankind. Now this claim would be arrogant, but atheists don't claim 
it. Most atheists do claim to own themselves. I think any disagreement with
this claim of self ownership would be supremely arrogant.


/---- John David Munch ------------------ jmunch@hertz.elee.calpoly.edu ----\
|...." the heart can change, be full of hate, or love. If people are allowed|
|to base their lives through their hearts, anything can happen. A dangerous |
|situation, in my opinion." -Bobby Mozumder describing problems with atheism|

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54255
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Cults Vs. Religions?

To the media, "religion" and "cult" have about the same relative
connotations as "government" and "terrorist group".

-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54256
From: salem@pangea.Stanford.EDU (Bruce Salem)
Subject: Re: Science and theories

In article <C5u7Bq.J43@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>As per various threads on science and creationism, I've started dabbling into a
>book called Christianity and the Nature of Science by JP Moreland. 

	As I don't know this book, I will use your heresay.

> A question
>that I had come from one of his comments.  He stated that God is not 
>necessarily a religious term, but could be used as other scientific terms that
>give explanation for events or theories, without being a proven scientific 
>fact.

	It depends on how he defines God. The way I understand the meaning
of that term preclues it being used in a useful way in science. Ideas drawn
from an understanding that God is supernatural precludes us from forming
scientific assertions that can be falsified, that is, where we can decide
that they are true or false within the terms of we use and useful observations
drawn from them.

	Some religionists have an interest in bluring the definitions within
science to make them more reconcilable, and especially subserviant in a basic
way, to religious dogma. This pursuit always fails.

>  I think I got his point -- I can quote the section if I'm being vague. 
>The examples he gave were quarks and continental plates.  Are there 
>explanations of science or parts of theories that are not measurable in and of
>themselves, or can everything be quantified, measured, tested, etc.?  

	Reconciliation of science with religion involves circumventing the
tendancy to claim that either pursuit can gain absolute or certian knowledge,
or that the domain of truth in each is fundementally limited in some way. It
gererally confurs the element of uncertainty and limitations to human knowledge
while allowing for the different concerns of these separate pursuits. Science
and religion ask different questions which have imperfect and provisional
answers, at best. Science is distinctly limited in where it can ask meaningful
questions. More questions can be posed than it can answer. At the basis of
sacred language is the place where words fail us and mere assertions disolve
in contradiction.

Bruce Salem



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54257
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

Jon Livesey writes:

>So when they took the time to *copy* *the* *text* correctly, that includes
>"obvious corruptions?"

Well, yes.  This is the real mystery of the matter, and why I am rather
dubious of a lot of the source theories.

There are a number of places where the Masoretic Text (MT) of the OT is
obscure and presumably corrupted.  These are reproduced exactly from copy to
copy.  The DSS tend to reflect the same "errors".  This would appear to tell
us that, at least from some point, people began to copy the texts very
exactingly and mechanically.  The problem is, we don't know what they did
before that.  But it seems as though accurate transmission begins at the
point at which the texts are perceived as texts.  They may be added to (and
in some situations, such as the end of Mark, material is lost), but for the
most part there are no substantial changes to the existing text.

You're basically trying to make a mountain out of a molehill.  Some people
like to use the game of "telephone" as a metaphor for the transmission of
the texts.  This clearly wrong.  The texts are transmitted accurately.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54258
From: Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen)
Subject: Albert Sabin



BR> From: wpr@atlanta.dg.com (Bill Rawlins)
BR> Newsgroups: alt.atheism
BR> Organization: DGSID, Atlanta, GA

BR>        Since you have referred to the Messiah, I assume you
BR> are referring         to the New Testament.  Please detail
BR> your complaints or e-mail if         you don't want to post.
BR>  First-century Greek is well-known and        
BR> well-understood.  Have you considered Josephus, the Jewish
BR> Historian,         who also wrote of Jesus?  In addition,
BR> the four gospel accounts		 are very much in harmony.

It is also well known that the comments in Josephus relating to Jesus were
inserted (badly) by later editors.  As for the four gospels being in harmony
on the issue of Jesus...  You know not of what you speak.  Here are a few
contradictions starting with the trial and continuing through the assension.

>The death of Judas after the betrayal of Jesus

Acts 1:18: "Now this man (Judas) purchased a field with the reward of 
iniquity; and falling headlong, he burst asunder in the midst, and all his 
bowels gushed out."

Matt. 27:5-7: "And he (Judas) cast down the pieces of silver in the temple, 
and departed, and went and hanged himself.  And the chief priests...bought 
with them the potter's field."

>What was Jesus' prediction regarding Peter's denial?

Before the cock crow - Matthew 26:34

Before the cock crow twice - Mark 14:30

>How many times did the cock crow?

MAR 14:72  And the second time the cock crew. And Peter called to mind  the 
word  that  Jesus  said unto him, Before the cock crow twice, thou shalt deny
me thrice. And when he thought thereon, he wept.

MAT 26:74  Then began he to curse and to swear,  saying,  I  know not the man.
And immediately the cock crew.
MAT 26:75  And Peter remembered the word  of  Jesus,  which  said unto him,
Before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice. And he went out, and wept
bitterly.

LUK 22:60  And Peter said, Man, I know not what thou sayest.  And immediately,
while he yet spake, the cock crew.
LUK 22:61  And the Lord turned, and looked upon Peter. And  Peter remembered
the word of the Lord, how he had said unto him, Before the cock crow, thou
shalt deny me thrice.

JOH 13:38  Jesus answered him, Wilt thou lay down thy life for my sake? 
Verily,
 verily, I say unto thee, The cock shall not crow, still thou hast denied me
thrice.

JOH 18:27  Peter then denied  again:  and  immediately  the  cock crew.

>destruction of cities (what said was jeremiah was zechariah)

(This is interesting because Matthew quotes a prophesy that was never made! 
Not the only time he does this either...)

MAT 27:9  Then was fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy  the prophet, 
saying,  And they took the thirty pieces of silver, the price of him that was
valued, whom they of the children of Israel did value;

zechariah 11:11-13
(nothing in Jeremiah remotely like)

What was the color of the robe placed on Jesus during his trial?

scarlet - Matthew 27:28

purple John 19:2

>The time of the Crucifiction

Mark says the third hour, or 9 a.m., but John says the sixth hour (noon) was
when the sentence was passed.

>Inscription on the Cross

Matthew  --  This is Jesus the king of the Jews
Mark	 --  The King of the Jews
Luke	 --  This is the king of the Jews
John	 --  Jesus of Nazareth the king of the Jews

>What did they give him to drink?

vinegar - Matthew 27:34

wine with myrrh - Mark 15:23

>Women at the Cross

Matthew said many stood far off, including Mary Magdaline, Mary the mother of
James, and the mother of Zebedee's children.  Mark and Luke speak of many far
off, and Mark includes Mary Magdeline and Mary the mother of James the less.
John says that Jesus's mother stood at the cross, along with her sister and
Mary Magdalene.

>Jesus' last words 

Matt.27:46,50: "And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, 
saying, "Eli, eli, lama sabachthani?" that is to say, "My God, my God, why
hast thou forsaken me?"  ...Jesus, when he cried again with a loud voice,
yielded u the ghost."

Luke23:46: "And when Jesus had cried with a loud voice, he said, "Father, unto
 thy hands I commend my spirit:" and having said thus, he gave up the ghost."

John19:30: "When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, "It is 
finished:" and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost."

>Events of the crucifiction

Matthew says that the veil of the temple was rent, that there was an
earthquake, and that it was dark from the sixth to the ninth hour, that graves
opened and bodies of the saints arose and went into Jeruselem, appearing to
many (beating Jesus to the resurection). Mark and Luke speak of darkness and
the veil of the temple being rent but mention no earthquake or risen saints. 
John is the only one who mentions Jesus's side being peirced.

>Burial of Jesus

Matthew says the Jews asked Pilate for a guard to prevent the body from being
stolen by the disciples, and for the tomb to be sealed. All of this was
supposedly done, but the other gospels do not mention these precautions.

>How long was Jesus in the tomb?
Depends where you look; Matthew 12:40 gives Jesus prophesying that he will
spend "three days and three nights in the heart of the earth", and Mark 10:34
has "after three days (meta treis emeras) he will rise again". As far as I can
see from a quick look, the prophecies have "after three days", but the
post-resurrection narratives have "on the third day".

>Time of the Resurection

Matthew says Sunday at dawn, Mark says the sun was rising, and John says it
was dark.

> Who was at the Empty Tomb?  Is it :

MAT 28:1  In the end of the sabbath, as it began to  dawn  toward the first
day of the week, came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the sepulchre.

MAR 16:1  And when the sabbath was past, Mary Magdalene, and Mary the  mother 
of  James, and Salome, had bought sweet spices, that they might come and
anoint him.

JOH 20:1  The first day of the week cometh Mary Magdalene  early, when  it 
was  yet  dark, unto the sepulchre, and seeth the stone taken away from the
sepulchre.

>Whom did they see at the tomb?

MAT 28:2  And, behold, there was  a  great  earthquake:  for  the angel of the
Lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the door,
and sat upon it.
MAT 28:3  His countenance was like  lightning,  and  his  raiment white as
snow: MAT 28:4  And for fear of him the keepers did shake,  and  became as
dead men. MAT 28:5  And the angel answered and said unto  the  women,  Fear
not ye: for I know that ye seek Jesus, which was crucified.

MAR 16:5  And entering into the sepulchre, they saw a  young  man sitting  on 
the right side, clothed in a long white garment; and they were affrighted.

LUK 24:4  And it came  to  pass,  as  they  were  much  perplexed thereabout,
behold, two men stood by them in shining garments:

JOH 20:12  And seeth two angels in white sitting, the one at  the head,  and 
the  other  at  the feet, where the body of Jesus had lain.

>Belief that the disciples stole Jesus's body

Matthew says the guard was paid to tell this story, but no other gospel makes
this claim.

>Appearences of the risen Jesus

Matthew says an angel at the tomb told the two Marys and that Jesus also told
them, to tell the disciples to meet him in Galilee.  The disciples then went
to a mountain previously agreed opon, and met Jesus there.  This was his only
appearance, except to the women at the tomb.  Matthew only devotes five verses
to the visit with the disciples.

Mark says that Jesus walked with two of the disciples in the country, and that
they told the rest of the disciples, who refused to believe.  Later he
appeared to the 11 disciples at mealtime.

Luke says two followers went, the same day that Jesus rose from the dead, to
Emmaus, a village eight miles from Jeruselem, and there Jesus jioned them but
was unrecognised.  While they ate a meal together that evening, they finally
recognised Jesus, whereopon he dissapeared.  Returning at once to Jeruselem,
they told the
disciples of their experience, and suddenly Jesus appeared among them,
frightening them, as they thought he was a spirit.  Jesus then ate some fish
and honey and then preached to them.

John says Jesus appeared to the disciples the evening of the day he arrose, in
Jeruselem, where they were hiding.  He breathed the Holy Ghost opon them, but
Thomas was not present and refused to believe. Eight days later Jesus joined
the disciples again at the same place and this time he convinced Thomas.	Once
more Jesus made an
appearance to the disciples at the sea of Tiberias but again was not
recognised.
 After telling them to cast their netson the other side of the boat, Jesus
becomes known to them and prepares bread and fish for them.  They all eat
together and converse.

The book of acts further adds to the confusion.  It says that Jesus showed
himself to the apostles for a period of 40 days after his resurection (thus
contradicting Matthew, Mark, Luke AND John) and spoke to them of things
pertaining to the kingdom of God: "And when he had spoken these things, while
they beheld, he was taken up; and a cloud recieved him out of their sight. 
And while they looked steadfastly toward heaven as he went up, two men stood
by them in white apparel: Which also said, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye
gazing into heaven? This same Jesus, which is taken from you into heaven,
shall so comein like manneras ye have seen him go into heaven" Acts 1:3-11

Paul outdoes every other "authority" by saying that Jesus was seen by 500
persons between the time of the resurection and the
assension, although he does not say where.	He also claims that he himself "as
one born out of due time" also saw Jesus. 1 Cor 15:6-8.

>The Ascension

Matthew says nothing about it.	Mark casually says that Jesus was recieved into
heaven after he was finished talking with the
disciples in Jeruselem.  Luke says Jesus led the desciples to Bethany and that
while he blessed them, he was parted from them and carried up into heaven. 
John says nothing about it.  Acts
contradicts all of the above.  (See previous section)

>When second coming?

MAT 24:34  Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass, till all
these things be fulfilled.

MAR 13:30  Verily I say unto you, that this generation shall  not pass, till
all these things be done.

LUK 21:32  Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not  pass away, till
all be fulfilled.

1 thessalonians 4:15-18

>How many apostles were in office between the resurection and ascention 
1 Corinthians 15:5 (12)
Matthew 27:3-5 (minus one from 12)
Acts 1:9-26 (Mathias not elected until after resurrection)
MAT 28:16  Then the eleven disciples went away into Galilee, into a mountain
where Jesus had appointed them.

> ascend to heaven
	"And Elijah went up by a whirlwind into heaven." (2 Kings 2:11)

	"No man hath ascended up to heaven but he that came down from heaven, 	...
the Son of Man." (John 3:13)

As you can see, there are a number of contradictions in the account of the
trial, crucifiction and resurection of Jesus.  If these are good witnesses,
you would think that they could get SOME of these important details right! 
(In fact, I cannot find very many points on where they AGREE.  You would think
that they could at least agree on some of the points they were supposedly
observing!) Because of the fact that there is so much contradiction and error,
the story of the resurection as presented cannot be taken as literal truth.
(Due to the nature of the story, I doubt if it should be taken as ANY sort of
truth.)

                   Alan


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54259
From: Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen)
Subject: Albert Sabin


BR> From: wpr@atlanta.dg.com (Bill Rawlins)
BR> Newsgroups: alt.atheism
BR> Organization: DGSID, Atlanta, GA

BR>         The problem is that most scientists exclude the
BR> possibility of the         supernatural in the question of
BR> origins.  Is this is a fair premise?         I utterly
BR> reject the hypothesis that science is the highest form of   
BR>      truth.

It is better than the crap that the creationists put out.  So far all they
have been able to manage is distortions and half-truths. (When they are not
taking quotes out of context...)

BR>         Some of these so-called human-like creatures were
BR> apes.  Some were         humans.  Some were fancifully
BR> reconstructed from fragments. 

The genetic code has shown more about how man is realted to primates that the
fossil record.  (A little detail the creationists try and ignore.)

BR>            Good deeds do not justify a person in God's
BR> sight.            An atonement (Jesus) is needed to atone
BR> for sin.

Who says?  Your Bible(tm)?	I would be surprised if *ANY* Christian followed
all of the rules in the Bible.  (Most of them just pick and choose, according
to the local biases.)

BR>      My point: God is the creator.  Look's like we agree.

Where is your proof?  How do you know it was *YOUR* God?

BR>      I'll send you some info via e-mail.
BR>      Regards, Bill.

Why not post them?	I would be interested in seeing them myself.

                   Alan


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54260
From: Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen)
Subject: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is


MC> Theory of Creationism: MY theistic view of the theory of
MC> creationism, (there  are many others) is stated in Genesis
MC> 1.  In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.

And which order of Creation do you accept?	The story of creation is one of the
many places in the Bible where the Story contradicts itself.  The following is
an example...

GEN 1:25  And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle 
after  their kind, and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after his
kind: and God saw that it was good.
GEN 1:26  And God said, Let us make man in our image,  after  our likeness: 
and  let  them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of
the air, and over the cattle, and  over  all the  earth,  and over every
creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.

GEN 2:18  And the LORD God said, It is  not  good  that  the  man should be
alone; I will make him an help meet for him.
GEN 2:19  And out of the ground the LORD God formed  every  beast of  the 
field,  and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto Adam to see what he
would call them: and whatsoever  Adam  called every living creature, that was
the name thereof.

Even your Bible cannot agree on how things were created.  Why should we
believe in it?

                   Alan


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54261
From: Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen)
Subject: some thoughts.


rh> From: house@helios.usq.EDU.AU (ron house)
rh> Newsgroups: alt.atheism
rh> Organization: University of Southern Queensland

rh> bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 

rh> I _know_ I shouldn't get involved, but...   :-)

rh> [bit deleted]

>	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.
[rest of rant deleted]

This is a standard argument for fundies.  Can you spot the falicy? The
statement is arguing from the assumption that Jesus actually existed.  So far,
they have not been able to offer real proof of that existance.  Most of them
try it using the (very) flawed writings of Josh McDowell and others to prove
it, but those writers use VERY flawed sources.  (If they are real sources at
all, some are not.)  When will they ever learn to do real research, instead of
believing the drivel sold in the Christian bookstores.

rh> Righto, DAN, try this one with your Cornflakes...

rh> The book says that Muhammad was either a liar, or he was
rh> crazy ( a  modern day Mad Mahdi) or he was actually who he
rh> said he was. Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as
rh> follows.  Who would  die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able
rh> to tell if he was a liar?  People  gathered around him and
rh> kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing  how his
rh> son-in-law made the sun stand still.  Call me a fool, but I
rh> believe  he did make the sun stand still.  
rh> Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation
rh> be drawn  to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact
rh> rediculous.  For example  anyone who is drawn to the Mad
rh> Mahdi is obviously a fool, logical people see  this right
rh> away.
rh> Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have
rh> been the  real thing.  

Nice rebutal!

                   Alan


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54262
From: jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu (James Thomas Green)
Subject: Re: "So help you God" in court?

bobbe@vice (Robert Beauchaine;6086;59-323;LP=A;YAyG) Pontificated: 
>
>  I guess I don't understand the problem.  I've never had any
>  problem swearing and using the name of "god" in the same sentence.
>  Comes quite naturally, as a matter of facxt.
>

I would guess that you either mean that you don't have a problem
swearing aligance to a non-existant being or that you are being
deliberatily dense (considering what group this is).  

It doesn't come "quite naturally" to nonbelievers such as myself
or even to followers of other religions.  Would you say it would
be quite natural if you were forced to swear by "Allah" or
"Budda"?  



/~~~(-: James T. Green :-)~~~~(-: jgreen@oboe.calpoly.edu :-)~~~\ 
|  "At all times and in all nations,                            |
|     the priest has been hostile to liberty."                  |
|                               <Thomas Jefferson>              |

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54468
From: mayne@pipe.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne)
Subject: Re: Alleged Deathbed Conversions (was: Asimov stamp)

In article <sheafferC63zt0.Brs@netcom.com> sheaffer@netcom.com (Robert Sheaffer) writes:
>
>It had to happen: the old allegation of the "deathbed conversion" of the
>noted unbeliever... [other examples]
>What all of these "deathbed conversion"
>claims have in common is that they are utterly unsubstantiated, and
>almost certainly untrue.

I would not be too quick to say that they are almost certainly untrue.
Even strong minded people may fall back on childhood indoctrination,
grasp at straws, or do other strange things when faced with extreme
suffering, not to mention physiological problems which may lead to
diminished mental capacity.

At the risk of restarting an old argument and accusations of appeal to
authority I remind readers of what I posted a while back as a kind of
obituary for the late atheist Dr. Albert Sabin. In an old interview
rebroadcast on public radio just after his death he told about a time
a few years before when he was stricken with a very serious illness.
He admitted to having cried out to God while critically ill and on a
respirator. As it turned out he recovered and lived several more years.
After his recovery he attributed this to early indoctrination. Don't say
it couldn't happen to you, or that it hasn't happened to others, even if
you are one of the few people who have experienced things like this.
People are different. I admire Dr. Sabin for admitting his human weakness
in that instance. I would not think less of Asimov for similar weakness.

Nevertheless I agree that these reports are unsubstantiated and may
well be untrue. In any case they are not evidence for anything besides
the power of early indoctrination and human frailty.

Bill Mayne

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54470
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <93108.020701TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu>
Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
 
>>In article <93106.155002JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu> <JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
>>>YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
>>>PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>>
>>readers of the group.  How convenient that he doesn't have a real name...
>>Let's start up the letters to the sysadmin, shall we?
>
>His real name is Jeremy Scott Noonan.
>vmoper@psuvm.psu.edu should have at least some authority,
>or at least know who to email.
>
 
POSTMAST@PSUVM.BITNET respectively P_RFOWLES or P_WVERITY (the sys admins)
at the same node are probably a better idea than the operator.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54471
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <115846@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>Certainly. It is a central aspect of Islam to show mercy and to give
>those who've done wrong (even presuming Rushdie _did_ violate Islamic
>Law) and committed crimes. This was the basis for my posts regarding
>leniency which seemed not to have penetrated Benedikt's skull.
 
You have demanded harsh punishments of several crimes. Repeating
offenders have slipped in only as justification of harsh punishment at
all. Typically religious doublespeak. Whenever you have contradictory
statements you choose the possibility that suits your current argument.
 
It is disgusting that someone with ideas that would make Theodore KKKaldis
feel cozy can go along under the protection of religion.
 
Gregg, tell us, would you kill idolaters?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54472
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism)

In article <1993Apr17.122329.21438@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
 
>>>"AND IT IS HE (GOD ALMIGHTY) WHO CREATED THE NIGHT AND THE
>>>DAY, AND THE SUN AND THE EARTH:  ALL (THE CELETIAL BODIES)
>>>SWIM ALONG, EACH IN ITS ROUNDED COURSE."  (Holy Quran 21:33)
>
>>Hmm. This agrees with the Ptolemic system of the earth at the centre,
>>with the planets orbitting round it. So Copernicus and Gallileo were
>>wrong after all!
>
>You haven't read very carefully -- if you look again, you will see that
>it doesn't say anything about what is circling what.
>
 
Anyway, they are not moving in circles.  Nor is there any evidence that
everything goes around in a rounded course in a general sense. Wishy-
washy statements are not scientific.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54473
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Wholly Babble (Was Re: free moral agency)

In article <2944159064.5.p00261@psilink.com>
"Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
 
(Deletion)
>Of course, there is also the
>Book of the SubGenius and that whole collection of writings as well.
 
 
Does someone know a FTP site with it?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54481
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <116551@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>>That's was the original answer. While it does not say that he has the head
>>necessarily up its ass, it would be meaningless and pointless if it was not
>>insinuated.
>
>
>I don't see a header referring to Bob as the poster to whom I was
>responding. I distinctly remember thinking I was responding to you
>when I wrote this, in which case I would make no apologies. But
>in the event that I _was_ in fact responding to Bob, I hereby
>apologize to Bob for _insinuating_ such a thing. Sorry Bob.
>On the other hand, it could be that Ben has his head so far up
>his ass that he can't tell himself from Bob.
>
 
Sorry, Gregg, it was no answer to a post of mine. And you are quite
fond of using abusing language whenever you think your religion is
misrepresented. By the way, I have no trouble telling me apart from
Bob Beauchaine.
 
 
I still wait for your answer to that the Quran allows you to beat your wife
into submission. You were quite upset about the claim that it was in it,
to be more correct, you said it wasn't.
 
I asked you about what your consequences were in case it would be in the
Quran, but you have simply ceased to respond on that thread. Can it be
that you have found out in the meantime that it is the Holy Book?
 
What are your consequences now? Was your being upset just a show? Do you
simple inherit your morals from a Book, ie is it suddenly ok now? Is it
correct to say that the words of Muhammad reflect the primitive Machism
of his society? Or have you spent your time with your new gained freedom?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
document_id: 54564
Subject: Re: Alleged Deathbed Conversions (was: Asimov stamp)
From: lippard@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)

In article <C6697n.33o@panix.com>, carlf@panix.com (Carl Fink) writes...
>In <sheafferC63zt0.Brs@netcom.com> sheaffer@netcom.com (Robert Sheaffer) writes:
> 
>[deletion]
>>It had to happen: the old allegation of the "deathbed conversion" of the
>>noted unbeliever. I seem to recall similar claims being made about
>>Voltaire, Mencken, Darwin, Ingersoll, etc. Indeed, the literary hoax
>>attributed to Nietzsche, "My Sister and I", portrays him as trembling
>>in fear before Divine Judgment (and it was recently re-issued by _Amok_
>>Books, with an introduction by a Lutheran professor telling us why we
>>should take it seriously!). What all of these "deathbed conversion"
>>claims have in common is that they are utterly unsubstantiated, and
>>almost certainly untrue.
> 
>  Perhaps the least believable and most infurating alleged conversion
>was that of Tom Paine, reported, like most, only by his devout
>relatives.
> 
>  Asimov was very unlikely to convert to Christianity on his deathbed.
>Return to Judaism, perhaps, if he did revert to childhood training,
>but Christianity?  The Good Doctor would more likely have converted to
>Hinduism.

"Isaac Asimov read creationist books.  He read the Bible.  He had ample
opportunity to kneel before his Creator and Savior.  He refused.  In
fact, he sent out a strong promotional letter urging support of the
American Humanist Association, shortly before he died."

   --excerpt from Ken Ham, "Asimov Meets His Creator," _Back to Genesis_
     No. 42, June 1992, p. c (included in _Acts & Facts_ vol. 21, no. 6,
     June 1992, from the Institute for Creation Research).  This is one
     of the most offensive articles they've ever published--but at least
     it argues *against* a deathbed conversion.  There's a part of the
     article even worse than what I've just quoted, in which an excerpt
     from a reader's letter says that if Asimov is burning in hell now,
     "then he certainly has had a 180-degree change in his former beliefs
     about creation and the Creator."  (A post-deathbed conversion.)

Jim Lippard              Lippard@CCIT.ARIZONA.EDU
Dept. of Philosophy      Lippard@ARIZVMS.BITNET
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 49960
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Atheist Resources

Archive-name: atheism/resources
Alt-atheism-archive-name: resources
Last-modified: 11 December 1992
Version: 1.0

                              Atheist Resources

                      Addresses of Atheist Organizations

                                     USA

FREEDOM FROM RELIGION FOUNDATION

Darwin fish bumper stickers and assorted other atheist paraphernalia are
available from the Freedom From Religion Foundation in the US.

Write to:  FFRF, P.O. Box 750, Madison, WI 53701.
Telephone: (608) 256-8900

EVOLUTION DESIGNS

Evolution Designs sell the "Darwin fish".  It's a fish symbol, like the ones
Christians stick on their cars, but with feet and the word "Darwin" written
inside.  The deluxe moulded 3D plastic fish is $4.95 postpaid in the US.

Write to:  Evolution Designs, 7119 Laurel Canyon #4, North Hollywood,
           CA 91605.

People in the San Francisco Bay area can get Darwin Fish from Lynn Gold --
try mailing <figmo@netcom.com>.  For net people who go to Lynn directly, the
price is $4.95 per fish.

AMERICAN ATHEIST PRESS

AAP publish various atheist books -- critiques of the Bible, lists of
Biblical contradictions, and so on.  One such book is:

"The Bible Handbook" by W.P. Ball and G.W. Foote.  American Atheist Press.
372 pp.  ISBN 0-910309-26-4, 2nd edition, 1986.  Bible contradictions,
absurdities, atrocities, immoralities... contains Ball, Foote: "The Bible
Contradicts Itself", AAP.  Based on the King James version of the Bible.

Write to:  American Atheist Press, P.O. Box 140195, Austin, TX 78714-0195.
      or:  7215 Cameron Road, Austin, TX 78752-2973.
Telephone: (512) 458-1244
Fax:       (512) 467-9525

PROMETHEUS BOOKS

Sell books including Haught's "Holy Horrors" (see below).

Write to:  700 East Amherst Street, Buffalo, New York 14215.
Telephone: (716) 837-2475.

An alternate address (which may be newer or older) is:
Prometheus Books, 59 Glenn Drive, Buffalo, NY 14228-2197.

AFRICAN-AMERICANS FOR HUMANISM

An organization promoting black secular humanism and uncovering the history of
black freethought.  They publish a quarterly newsletter, AAH EXAMINER.

Write to:  Norm R. Allen, Jr., African Americans for Humanism, P.O. Box 664,
           Buffalo, NY 14226.

                                United Kingdom

Rationalist Press Association          National Secular Society
88 Islington High Street               702 Holloway Road
London N1 8EW                          London N19 3NL
071 226 7251                           071 272 1266

British Humanist Association           South Place Ethical Society
14 Lamb's Conduit Passage              Conway Hall
London WC1R 4RH                        Red Lion Square
071 430 0908                           London WC1R 4RL
fax 071 430 1271                       071 831 7723

The National Secular Society publish "The Freethinker", a monthly magazine
founded in 1881.

                                   Germany

IBKA e.V.
Internationaler Bund der Konfessionslosen und Atheisten
Postfach 880, D-1000 Berlin 41. Germany.

IBKA publish a journal:
MIZ. (Materialien und Informationen zur Zeit. Politisches
Journal der Konfessionslosesn und Atheisten. Hrsg. IBKA e.V.)
MIZ-Vertrieb, Postfach 880, D-1000 Berlin 41. Germany.

For atheist books, write to:

IBDK, Internationaler B"ucherdienst der Konfessionslosen
Postfach 3005, D-3000 Hannover 1. Germany.
Telephone: 0511/211216


                               Books -- Fiction

THOMAS M. DISCH

"The Santa Claus Compromise"
Short story.  The ultimate proof that Santa exists.  All characters and 
events are fictitious.  Any similarity to living or dead gods -- uh, well...

WALTER M. MILLER, JR

"A Canticle for Leibowitz"
One gem in this post atomic doomsday novel is the monks who spent their lives
copying blueprints from "Saint Leibowitz", filling the sheets of paper with
ink and leaving white lines and letters.

EDGAR PANGBORN

"Davy"
Post atomic doomsday novel set in clerical states.  The church, for example,
forbids that anyone "produce, describe or use any substance containing...
atoms". 

PHILIP K. DICK

Philip K. Dick Dick wrote many philosophical and thought-provoking short 
stories and novels.  His stories are bizarre at times, but very approachable.
He wrote mainly SF, but he wrote about people, truth and religion rather than
technology.  Although he often believed that he had met some sort of God, he
remained sceptical.  Amongst his novels, the following are of some relevance:

"Galactic Pot-Healer"
A fallible alien deity summons a group of Earth craftsmen and women to a
remote planet to raise a giant cathedral from beneath the oceans.  When the
deity begins to demand faith from the earthers, pot-healer Joe Fernwright is
unable to comply.  A polished, ironic and amusing novel.

"A Maze of Death"
Noteworthy for its description of a technology-based religion.

"VALIS"
The schizophrenic hero searches for the hidden mysteries of Gnostic
Christianity after reality is fired into his brain by a pink laser beam of
unknown but possibly divine origin.  He is accompanied by his dogmatic and
dismissively atheist friend and assorted other odd characters.

"The Divine Invasion"
God invades Earth by making a young woman pregnant as she returns from
another star system.  Unfortunately she is terminally ill, and must be
assisted by a dead man whose brain is wired to 24-hour easy listening music.

MARGARET ATWOOD

"The Handmaid's Tale"
A story based on the premise that the US Congress is mysteriously
assassinated, and fundamentalists quickly take charge of the nation to set it
"right" again.  The book is the diary of a woman's life as she tries to live
under the new Christian theocracy.  Women's right to own property is revoked,
and their bank accounts are closed; sinful luxuries are outlawed, and the
radio is only used for readings from the Bible.  Crimes are punished
retroactively: doctors who performed legal abortions in the "old world" are
hunted down and hanged.  Atwood's writing style is difficult to get used to
at first, but the tale grows more and more chilling as it goes on.

VARIOUS AUTHORS

"The Bible"
This somewhat dull and rambling work has often been criticized.  However, it
is probably worth reading, if only so that you'll know what all the fuss is
about.  It exists in many different versions, so make sure you get the one
true version.

                             Books -- Non-fiction

PETER DE ROSA

"Vicars of Christ", Bantam Press, 1988
Although de Rosa seems to be Christian or even Catholic this is a very
enlighting history of papal immoralities, adulteries, fallacies etc.
(German translation: "Gottes erste Diener. Die dunkle Seite des Papsttums",
Droemer-Knaur, 1989)

MICHAEL MARTIN

"Atheism: A Philosophical Justification", Temple University Press,
 Philadelphia, USA.
A detailed and scholarly justification of atheism.  Contains an outstanding
appendix defining terminology and usage in this (necessarily) tendentious
area.  Argues both for "negative atheism" (i.e. the "non-belief in the
existence of god(s)") and also for "positive atheism" ("the belief in the
non-existence of god(s)").  Includes great refutations of the most
challenging arguments for god; particular attention is paid to refuting
contempory theists such as Platinga and Swinburne.
541 pages. ISBN 0-87722-642-3 (hardcover; paperback also available)

"The Case Against Christianity", Temple University Press
A comprehensive critique of Christianity, in which he considers
the best contemporary defences of Christianity and (ultimately)
demonstrates that they are unsupportable and/or incoherent.
273 pages. ISBN 0-87722-767-5

JAMES TURNER

"Without God, Without Creed", The Johns Hopkins University Press, Baltimore,
 MD, USA
Subtitled "The Origins of Unbelief in America".  Examines the way in which
unbelief (whether agnostic or atheistic)  became a mainstream alternative
world-view.  Focusses on the period 1770-1900, and while considering France
and Britain the emphasis is on American, and particularly New England
developments.  "Neither a religious history of secularization or atheism,
Without God, Without Creed is, rather, the intellectual history of the fate
of a single idea, the belief that God exists." 
316 pages. ISBN (hardcover) 0-8018-2494-X (paper) 0-8018-3407-4

GEORGE SELDES (Editor)

"The great thoughts", Ballantine Books, New York, USA
A "dictionary of quotations" of a different kind, concentrating on statements
and writings which, explicitly or implicitly, present the person's philosophy
and world-view.  Includes obscure (and often suppressed) opinions from many
people.  For some popular observations, traces the way in which various
people expressed and twisted the idea over the centuries.  Quite a number of
the quotations are derived from Cardiff's "What Great Men Think of Religion"
and Noyes' "Views of Religion".
490 pages. ISBN (paper) 0-345-29887-X.

RICHARD SWINBURNE

"The Existence of God (Revised Edition)", Clarendon Paperbacks, Oxford
This book is the second volume in a trilogy that began with "The Coherence of
Theism" (1977) and was concluded with "Faith and Reason" (1981).  In this
work, Swinburne attempts to construct a series of inductive arguments for the
existence of God.  His arguments, which are somewhat tendentious and rely
upon the imputation of late 20th century western Christian values and
aesthetics to a God which is supposedly as simple as can be conceived, were
decisively rejected in Mackie's "The Miracle of Theism".  In the revised
edition of "The Existence of God", Swinburne includes an Appendix in which he
makes a somewhat incoherent attempt to rebut Mackie.

J. L. MACKIE

"The Miracle of Theism", Oxford
This (posthumous) volume contains a comprehensive review of the principal
arguments for and against the existence of God.  It ranges from the classical
philosophical positions of Descartes, Anselm, Berkeley, Hume et al, through
the moral arguments of Newman, Kant and Sidgwick, to the recent restatements
of the classical theses by Plantinga and Swinburne.  It also addresses those
positions which push the concept of God beyond the realm of the rational,
such as those of Kierkegaard, Kung and Philips, as well as "replacements for
God" such as Lelie's axiarchism.  The book is a delight to read - less
formalistic and better written than Martin's works, and refreshingly direct
when compared with the hand-waving of Swinburne.

JAMES A. HAUGHT

"Holy Horrors: An Illustrated History of Religious Murder and Madness",
 Prometheus Books
Looks at religious persecution from ancient times to the present day -- and
not only by Christians.
Library of Congress Catalog Card Number 89-64079. 1990.

NORM R. ALLEN, JR.

"African American Humanism: an Anthology"
See the listing for African Americans for Humanism above.

GORDON STEIN

"An Anthology of Atheism and Rationalism", Prometheus Books
An anthology covering a wide range of subjects, including 'The Devil, Evil
and Morality' and 'The History of Freethought'.  Comprehensive bibliography.

EDMUND D. COHEN

"The Mind of The Bible-Believer", Prometheus Books
A study of why people become Christian fundamentalists, and what effect it
has on them.

                                Net Resources

There's a small mail-based archive server at mantis.co.uk which carries
archives of old alt.atheism.moderated articles and assorted other files.  For
more information, send mail to archive-server@mantis.co.uk saying

   help
   send atheism/index

and it will mail back a reply.


mathew
�

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51060
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Introduction to Atheism

Archive-name: atheism/introduction
Alt-atheism-archive-name: introduction
Last-modified: 5 April 1993
Version: 1.2

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----

                          An Introduction to Atheism
                       by mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>

This article attempts to provide a general introduction to atheism.  Whilst I
have tried to be as neutral as possible regarding contentious issues, you
should always remember that this document represents only one viewpoint.  I
would encourage you to read widely and draw your own conclusions; some
relevant books are listed in a companion article.

To provide a sense of cohesion and progression, I have presented this article
as an imaginary conversation between an atheist and a theist.  All the
questions asked by the imaginary theist are questions which have been cropped
up repeatedly on alt.atheism since the newsgroup was created.  Some other
frequently asked questions are answered in a companion article.

Please note that this article is arguably slanted towards answering questions
posed from a Christian viewpoint.  This is because the FAQ files reflect
questions which have actually been asked, and it is predominantly Christians
who proselytize on alt.atheism.

So when I talk of religion, I am talking primarily about religions such as
Christianity, Judaism and Islam, which involve some sort of superhuman divine
being.  Much of the discussion will apply to other religions, but some of it
may not.

"What is atheism?"

Atheism is characterized by an absence of belief in the existence of God.
Some atheists go further, and believe that God does not exist.  The former is
often referred to as the "weak atheist" position, and the latter as "strong
atheism".

It is important to note the difference between these two positions.  "Weak
atheism" is simple scepticism; disbelief in the existence of God.  "Strong
atheism" is a positive belief that God does not exist.  Please do not
fall into the trap of assuming that all atheists are "strong atheists".

Some atheists believe in the non-existence of all Gods; others limit their
atheism to specific Gods, such as the Christian God, rather than making
flat-out denials.

"But isn't disbelieving in God the same thing as believing he doesn't exist?"

Definitely not.  Disbelief in a proposition means that one does not believe
it to be true.  Not believing that something is true is not equivalent to
believing that it is false; one may simply have no idea whether it is true or
not.  Which brings us to agnosticism.

"What is agnosticism then?"

The term 'agnosticism' was coined by Professor Huxley at a meeting of the
Metaphysical Society in 1876.  He defined an agnostic as someone who
disclaimed ("strong") atheism and believed that the ultimate origin of things
must be some cause unknown and unknowable.

Thus an agnostic is someone who believes that we do not and cannot know for
sure whether God exists.

Words are slippery things, and language is inexact.  Beware of assuming that
you can work out someone's philosophical point of view simply from the fact
that she calls herself an atheist or an agnostic.  For example, many people
use agnosticism to mean "weak atheism", and use the word "atheism" only when
referring to "strong atheism".

Beware also that because the word "atheist" has so many shades of meaning, it
is very difficult to generalize about atheists.  About all you can say for
sure is that atheists don't believe in God.  For example, it certainly isn't
the case that all atheists believe that science is the best way to find out
about the universe.

"So what is the philosophical justification or basis for atheism?"

There are many philosophical justifications for atheism.  To find out why a
particular person chooses to be an atheist, it's best to ask her.

Many atheists feel that the idea of God as presented by the major religions
is essentially self-contradictory, and that it is logically impossible that
such a God could exist.  Others are atheists through scepticism, because they
see no evidence that God exists.

"But isn't it impossible to prove the non-existence of something?"

There are many counter-examples to such a statement.  For example, it is
quite simple to prove that there does not exist a prime number larger than
all other prime numbers.  Of course, this deals with well-defined objects
obeying well-defined rules.  Whether Gods or universes are similarly
well-defined is a matter for debate.

However, assuming for the moment that the existence of a God is not provably
impossible, there are still subtle reasons for assuming the non-existence of
God.  If we assume that something does not exist, it is always possible to
show that this assumption is invalid by finding a single counter-example.

If on the other hand we assume that something does exist, and if the thing in
question is not provably impossible, showing that the assumption is invalid
may require an exhaustive search of all possible places where such a thing
might be found, to show that it isn't there.  Such an exhaustive search is
often impractical or impossible.  There is no such problem with largest
primes, because we can prove that they don't exist.

Therefore it is generally accepted that we must assume things do not exist
unless we have evidence that they do.  Even theists follow this rule most of
the time; they don't believe in unicorns, even though they can't conclusively
prove that no unicorns exist anywhere.

To assume that God exists is to make an assumption which probably cannot be
tested.  We cannot make an exhaustive search of everywhere God might be to
prove that he doesn't exist anywhere.  So the sceptical atheist assumes by
default that God does not exist, since that is an assumption we can test.

Those who profess strong atheism usually do not claim that no sort of God
exists; instead, they generally restrict their claims so as to cover
varieties of God described by followers of various religions.  So whilst it
may be impossible to prove conclusively that no God exists, it may be
possible to prove that (say) a God as described by a particular religious
book does not exist.  It may even be possible to prove that no God described
by any present-day religion exists.

In practice, believing that no God described by any religion exists is very
close to believing that no God exists.  However, it is sufficiently different
that counter-arguments based on the impossibility of disproving every kind of
God are not really applicable.

"But what if God is essentially non-detectable?"

If God interacts with our universe in any way, the effects of his interaction
must be measurable.  Hence his interaction with our universe must be
detectable.

If God is essentially non-detectable, it must therefore be the case that he
does not interact with our universe in any way.  Many atheists would argue
that if God does not interact with our universe at all, it is of no
importance whether he exists or not.

If the Bible is to be believed, God was easily detectable by the Israelites.
Surely he should still be detectable today?

Note that I am not demanding that God interact in a scientifically
verifiable, physical way.  It must surely be possible to perceive some
effect caused by his presence, though; otherwise, how can I distinguish him
from all the other things that don't exist?

"OK, you may think there's a philosophical justification for atheism, but
 isn't it still a religious belief?"

One of the most common pastimes in philosophical discussion is "the
redefinition game".  The cynical view of this game is as follows:

Person A begins by making a contentious statement.  When person B points out
that it can't be true, person A gradually re-defines the words he used in the
statement until he arrives at something person B is prepared to accept.  He
then records the statement, along with the fact that person B has agreed to
it, and continues.  Eventually A uses the statement as an "agreed fact", but
uses his original definitions of all the words in it rather than the obscure
redefinitions originally needed to get B to agree to it.  Rather than be seen
to be apparently inconsistent, B will tend to play along.

The point of this digression is that the answer to the question "Isn't
atheism a religious belief?" depends crucially upon what is meant by
"religious".  "Religion" is generally characterized by belief in a superhuman
controlling power -- especially in some sort of God -- and by faith and
worship.

[ It's worth pointing out in passing that some varieties of Buddhism are not
  "religion" according to such a definition. ]

Atheism is certainly not a belief in any sort of superhuman power, nor is it
categorized by worship in any meaningful sense.  Widening the definition of
"religious" to encompass atheism tends to result in many other aspects of
human behaviour suddenly becoming classed as "religious" as well -- such as
science, politics, and watching TV.

"OK, so it's not a religion.  But surely belief in atheism (or science) is
 still just an act of faith, like religion is?"

Firstly, it's not entirely clear that sceptical atheism is something one
actually believes in.

Secondly, it is necessary to adopt a number of core beliefs or assumptions to
make some sort of sense out of the sensory data we experience.  Most atheists
try to adopt as few core beliefs as possible; and even those are subject to
questioning if experience throws them into doubt.

Science has a number of core assumptions.  For example, it is generally
assumed that the laws of physics are the same for all observers.  These are
the sort of core assumptions atheists make.  If such basic ideas are called
"acts of faith", then almost everything we know must be said to be based on
acts of faith, and the term loses its meaning.

Faith is more often used to refer to complete, certain belief in something.
According to such a definition, atheism and science are certainly not acts of
faith.  Of course, individual atheists or scientists can be as dogmatic as
religious followers when claiming that something is "certain".  This is not a
general tendency, however; there are many atheists who would be reluctant to
state with certainty that the universe exists.

Faith is also used to refer to belief without supporting evidence or proof.
Sceptical atheism certainly doesn't fit that definition, as sceptical atheism
has no beliefs.  Strong atheism is closer, but still doesn't really match, as
even the most dogmatic atheist will tend to refer to experimental data (or
the lack of it) when asserting that God does not exist.

"If atheism is not religious, surely it's anti-religious?"

It is an unfortunate human tendency to label everyone as either "for" or
"against", "friend" or "enemy".  The truth is not so clear-cut.

Atheism is the position that runs logically counter to theism; in that sense,
it can be said to be "anti-religion".  However, when religious believers
speak of atheists being "anti-religious" they usually mean that the atheists
have some sort of antipathy or hatred towards theists.

This categorization of atheists as hostile towards religion is quite unfair.
Atheist attitudes towards theists in fact cover a broad spectrum.

Most atheists take a "live and let live" attitude.  Unless questioned, they
will not usually mention their atheism, except perhaps to close friends.  Of
course, this may be in part because atheism is not "socially acceptable" in
many countries.

A few atheists are quite anti-religious, and may even try to "convert" others
when possible.  Historically, such anti-religious atheists have made little
impact on society outside the Eastern Bloc countries.

(To digress slightly: the Soviet Union was originally dedicated to separation
of church and state, just like the USA.  Soviet citizens were legally free to
worship as they wished.  The institution of "state atheism" came about when
Stalin took control of the Soviet Union and tried to destroy the churches in
order to gain complete power over the population.)

Some atheists are quite vocal about their beliefs, but only where they see
religion encroaching on matters which are not its business -- for example,
the government of the USA.  Such individuals are usually concerned that
church and state should remain separate.

"But if you don't allow religion to have a say in the running of the state,
 surely that's the same as state atheism?"

The principle of the separation of church and state is that the state shall
not legislate concerning matters of religious belief.  In particular, it
means not only that the state cannot promote one religion at the expense of
another, but also that it cannot promote any belief which is religious in
nature.

Religions can still have a say in discussion of purely secular matters.  For
example, religious believers have historically been responsible for
encouraging many political reforms.  Even today, many organizations
campaigning for an increase in spending on foreign aid are founded as
religious campaigns.  So long as they campaign concerning secular matters,
and so long as they do not discriminate on religious grounds, most atheists
are quite happy to see them have their say.

"What about prayer in schools? If there's no God, why do you care if people
 pray?"

Because people who do pray are voters and lawmakers, and tend to do things
that those who don't pray can't just ignore.  Also, Christian prayer in
schools is intimidating to non-Christians, even if they are told that they
need not join in.  The diversity of religious and non-religious belief means
that it is impossible to formulate a meaningful prayer that will be
acceptable to all those present at any public event.

Also, non-prayers tend to have friends and family who pray.  It is reasonable
to care about friends and family wasting their time, even without other
motives.

"You mentioned Christians who campaign for increased foreign aid.  What about
 atheists?  Why aren't there any atheist charities or hospitals?  Don't
 atheists object to the religious charities?"

There are many charities without religious purpose that atheists can
contribute to.  Some atheists contribute to religious charities as well, for
the sake of the practical good they do.  Some atheists even do voluntary work
for charities founded on a theistic basis.

Most atheists seem to feel that atheism isn't worth shouting about in
connection with charity.  To them, atheism is just a simple, obvious everyday
matter, and so is charity.  Many feel that it's somewhat cheap, not to say
self-righteous, to use simple charity as an excuse to plug a particular set
of religious beliefs.

To "weak" atheists, building a hospital to say "I do not believe in God" is a
rather strange idea; it's rather like holding a party to say "Today is not my
birthday".  Why the fuss?  Atheism is rarely evangelical.

"You said atheism isn't anti-religious.  But is it perhaps a backlash against
 one's upbringing, a way of rebelling?"

Perhaps it is, for some.  But many people have parents who do not attempt to
force any religious (or atheist) ideas upon them, and many of those people
choose to call themselves atheists.

It's also doubtless the case that some religious people chose religion as a
backlash against an atheist upbringing, as a way of being different.  On the
other hand, many people choose religion as a way of conforming to the
expectations of others.

On the whole, we can't conclude much about whether atheism or religion are
backlash or conformism; although in general, people have a tendency to go
along with a group rather than act or think independently.

"How do atheists differ from religious people?"

They don't believe in God.  That's all there is to it.

Atheists may listen to heavy metal -- backwards, even -- or they may prefer a
Verdi Requiem, even if they know the words.  They may wear Hawaiian shirts,
they may dress all in black, they may even wear orange robes.  (Many
Buddhists lack a belief in any sort of God.)  Some atheists even carry a copy
of the Bible around -- for arguing against, of course!

Whoever you are, the chances are you have met several atheists without
realising it.  Atheists are usually unexceptional in behaviour and
appearance.

"Unexceptional? But aren't atheists less moral than religious people?"

That depends.  If you define morality as obedience to God, then of course
atheists are less moral as they don't obey any God.  But usually when one
talks of morality, one talks of what is acceptable ("right") and unacceptable
("wrong") behaviour within society.

Humans are social animals, and to be maximally successful they must
co-operate with each other.  This is a good enough reason to discourage most
atheists from "anti-social" or "immoral" behaviour, purely for the purposes
of self-preservation.

Many atheists behave in a "moral" or "compassionate" way simply because they
feel a natural tendency to empathize with other humans.  So why do they care
what happens to others?  They don't know, they simply are that way.

Naturally, there are some people who behave "immorally" and try to use
atheism to justify their actions.  However, there are equally many people who
behave "immorally" and then try to use religious beliefs to justify their
actions.  For example:

  "Here is a trustworthy saying that deserves full acceptance: Jesus Christ
   came into the world to save sinners...  But for that very reason, I was
   shown mercy so that in me...  Jesus Christ might display His unlimited
   patience as an example for those who would believe in him and receive
   eternal life.  Now to the king eternal, immortal, invisible, the only God,
   be honor and glory forever and ever."

The above quote is from a statement made to the court on February 17th 1992
by Jeffrey Dahmer, the notorious cannibal serial killer of Milwaukee,
Wisconsin.  It seems that for every atheist mass-murderer, there is a
religious mass-murderer.  But what of more trivial morality?

   A survey conducted by the Roper Organization found that behavior
   deteriorated after "born again" experiences.  While only 4% of respondents
   said they had driven intoxicated before being "born again," 12% had done
   so after conversion.  Similarly, 5% had used illegal drugs before
   conversion, 9% after.  Two percent admitted to engaging in illicit sex
   before salvation; 5% after.
                                ["Freethought Today", September 1991, p. 12.]

So it seems that at best, religion does not have a monopoly on moral
behaviour.

"Is there such a thing as atheist morality?"

If you mean "Is there such a thing as morality for atheists?", then the
answer is yes, as explained above.  Many atheists have ideas about morality
which are at least as strong as those held by religious people.

If you mean "Does atheism have a characteristic moral code?", then the answer
is no.  Atheism by itself does not imply anything much about how a person
will behave.  Most atheists follow many of the same "moral rules" as theists,
but for different reasons.  Atheists view morality as something created by
humans, according to the way humans feel the world 'ought' to work, rather
than seeing it as a set of rules decreed by a supernatural being.

"Then aren't atheists just theists who are denying God?"

A study by the Freedom From Religion Foundation found that over 90% of the
atheists who responded became atheists because religion did not work for
them.  They had found that religious beliefs were fundamentally incompatible
with what they observed around them.

Atheists are not unbelievers through ignorance or denial; they are
unbelievers through choice.  The vast majority of them have spent time
studying one or more religions, sometimes in very great depth.  They have
made a careful and considered decision to reject religious beliefs.

This decision may, of course, be an inevitable consequence of that
individual's personality.  For a naturally sceptical person, the choice
of atheism is often the only one that makes sense, and hence the only
choice that person can honestly make.

"But don't atheists want to believe in God?"

Atheists live their lives as though there is nobody watching over them.  Many
of them have no desire to be watched over, no matter how good-natured the
"Big Brother" figure might be.

Some atheists would like to be able to believe in God -- but so what? Should
one believe things merely because one wants them to be true?  The risks of
such an approach should be obvious.  Atheists often decide that wanting to
believe something is not enough; there must be evidence for the belief.

"But of course atheists see no evidence for the existence of God -- they are
 unwilling in their souls to see!"

Many, if not most atheists were previously religious.  As has been explained
above, the vast majority have seriously considered the possibility that God
exists.  Many atheists have spent time in prayer trying to reach God.

Of course, it is true that some atheists lack an open mind; but assuming that
all atheists are biased and insincere is offensive and closed-minded.
Comments such as "Of course God is there, you just aren't looking properly"
are likely to be viewed as patronizing.

Certainly, if you wish to engage in philosophical debate with atheists it is
vital that you give them the benefit of the doubt and assume that they are
being sincere if they say that they have searched for God.  If you are not
willing to believe that they are basically telling the truth, debate is
futile.

"Isn't the whole of life completely pointless to an atheist?"

Many atheists live a purposeful life.  They decide what they think gives
meaning to life, and they pursue those goals.  They try to make their lives
count, not by wishing for eternal life, but by having an influence on other
people who will live on.  For example, an atheist may dedicate his life to
political reform, in the hope of leaving his mark on history.

It is a natural human tendency to look for "meaning" or "purpose" in random
events.  However, it is by no means obvious that "life" is the sort of thing
that has a "meaning".

To put it another way, not everything which looks like a question is actually
a sensible thing to ask.  Some atheists believe that asking "What is the
meaning of life?" is as silly as asking "What is the meaning of a cup of
coffee?".  They believe that life has no purpose or meaning, it just is.

"So how do atheists find comfort in time of danger?"

There are many ways of obtaining comfort; from family, friends, or even pets.
Or on a less spiritual level, from food or drink or TV.

That may sound rather an empty and vulnerable way to face danger, but so
what?  Should individuals believe in things because they are comforting, or
should they face reality no matter how harsh it might be?

In the end, it's a decision for the individual concerned.  Most atheists are
unable to believe something they would not otherwise believe merely because
it makes them feel comfortable.  They put truth before comfort, and consider
that if searching for truth sometimes makes them feel unhappy, that's just
hard luck.

"Don't atheists worry that they might suddenly be shown to be wrong?"

The short answer is "No, do you?"

Many atheists have been atheists for years.  They have encountered many
arguments and much supposed evidence for the existence of God, but they have
found all of it to be invalid or inconclusive.

Thousands of years of religious belief haven't resulted in any good proof of
the existence of God.  Atheists therefore tend to feel that they are unlikely
to be proved wrong in the immediate future, and they stop worrying about it.

"So why should theists question their beliefs? Don't the same arguments
 apply?"

No, because the beliefs being questioned are not similar.  Weak atheism is
the sceptical "default position" to take; it asserts nothing.  Strong atheism
is a negative belief.  Theism is a very strong positive belief.

Atheists sometimes also argue that theists should question their beliefs
because of the very real harm they can cause -- not just to the believers,
but to everyone else.

"What sort of harm?"

Religion represents a huge financial and work burden on mankind.  It's not
just a matter of religious believers wasting their money on church buildings;
think of all the time and effort spent building churches, praying, and so on.
Imagine how that effort could be better spent.

Many theists believe in miracle healing.  There have been plenty of instances
of ill people being "healed" by a priest, ceasing to take the medicines
prescribed to them by doctors, and dying as a result.  Some theists have died
because they have refused blood transfusions on religious grounds.

It is arguable that the Catholic Church's opposition to birth control -- and
condoms in particular -- is increasing the problem of overpopulation in many
third-world countries and contributing to the spread of AIDS world-wide.

Religious believers have been known to murder their children rather than
allow their children to become atheists or marry someone of a different
religion.

"Those weren't REAL believers.  They just claimed to be believers as some
 sort of excuse."

What makes a real believer?  There are so many One True Religions it's hard
to tell.  Look at Christianity: there are many competing groups, all
convinced that they are the only true Christians.  Sometimes they even fight
and kill each other.  How is an atheist supposed to decide who's a REAL
Christian and who isn't, when even the major Christian churches like the
Catholic Church and the Church of England can't decide amongst themselves?

In the end, most atheists take a pragmatic view, and decide that anyone who
calls himself a Christian, and uses Christian belief or dogma to justify his
actions, should be considered a Christian.  Maybe some of those Christians
are just perverting Christian teaching for their own ends -- but surely if
the Bible can be so readily used to support un-Christian acts it can't be
much of a moral code? If the Bible is the word of God, why couldn't he have
made it less easy to misinterpret? And how do you know that your beliefs
aren't a perversion of what your God intended?

If there is no single unambiguous interpretation of the Bible, then why
should an atheist take one interpretation over another just on your say-so?
Sorry, but if someone claims that he believes in Jesus and that he murdered
others because Jesus and the Bible told him to do so, we must call him a
Christian.

"Obviously those extreme sorts of beliefs should be questioned.  But since
 nobody has ever proved that God does not exist, it must be very unlikely
 that more basic religious beliefs, shared by all faiths, are nonsense."

That does not hold, because as was pointed out at the start of this dialogue,
positive assertions concerning the existence of entities are inherently much
harder to disprove than negative ones.  Nobody has ever proved that unicorns
don't exist, but that doesn't make it unlikely that they are myths.

It is therefore much more valid to hold a negative assertion by default than
it is to hold a positive assertion by default.  Of course, "weak" atheists
would argue that asserting nothing is better still.

"Well, if atheism's so great, why are there so many theists?"

Unfortunately, the popularity of a belief has little to do with how "correct"
it is, or whether it "works"; consider how many people believe in astrology,
graphology, and other pseudo-sciences.

Many atheists feel that it is simply a human weakness to want to believe in
gods.  Certainly in many primitive human societies, religion allows the
people to deal with phenomena that they do not adequately understand.

Of course, there's more to religion than that.  In the industrialized world,
we find people believing in religious explanations of phenomena even when
there are perfectly adequate natural explanations.  Religion may have started
as a means of attempting to explain the world, but nowadays it serves other
purposes as well.

"But so many cultures have developed religions.  Surely that must say
 something?"

Not really.  Most religions are only superficially similar; for example, it's
worth remembering that religions such as Buddhism and Taoism lack any sort of
concept of God in the Christian sense.

Of course, most religions are quick to denounce competing religions, so it's
rather odd to use one religion to try and justify another.

"What about all the famous scientists and philosophers who have concluded
 that God exists?"

For every scientist or philosopher who believes in a god, there is one who
does not.  Besides, as has already been pointed out, the truth of a belief is
not determined by how many people believe it.  Also, it is important to
realize that atheists do not view famous scientists or philosophers in the
same way that theists view their religious leaders.

A famous scientist is only human; she may be an expert in some fields, but
when she talks about other matters her words carry no special weight.  Many
respected scientists have made themselves look foolish by speaking on
subjects which lie outside their fields of expertise.

"So are you really saying that widespread belief in religion indicates
 nothing?"

Not entirely.  It certainly indicates that the religion in question has
properties which have helped it so spread so far.

The theory of memetics talks of "memes" -- sets of ideas which can propagate
themselves between human minds, by analogy with genes.  Some atheists view
religions as sets of particularly successful parasitic memes, which spread by
encouraging their hosts to convert others.  Some memes avoid destruction by
discouraging believers from questioning doctrine, or by using peer pressure
to keep one-time believers from admitting that they were mistaken.  Some
religious memes even encourage their hosts to destroy hosts controlled by
other memes.

Of course, in the memetic view there is no particular virtue associated with
successful propagation of a meme.  Religion is not a good thing because of
the number of people who believe it, any more than a disease is a good thing
because of the number of people who have caught it.

"Even if religion is not entirely true, at least it puts across important
 messages.  What are the fundamental messages of atheism?"

There are many important ideas atheists promote.  The following are just a
few of them; don't be surprised to see ideas which are also present in some
religions.

   There is more to moral behaviour than mindlessly following rules.

   Be especially sceptical of positive claims.

   If you want your life to have some sort of meaning, it's up to you to
   find it.

   Search for what is true, even if it makes you uncomfortable.

   Make the most of your life, as it's probably the only one you'll have.

   It's no good relying on some external power to change you; you must change
   yourself.

   Just because something's popular doesn't mean it's good.

   If you must assume something, assume something it's easy to test.

   Don't believe things just because you want them to be true.

and finally (and most importantly):

   All beliefs should be open to question.

Thanks for taking the time to read this article.


mathew

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: 2.2

iQCVAgUBK8AjRXzXN+VrOblFAQFSbwP+MHePY4g7ge8Mo5wpsivX+kHYYxMErFAO
7ltVtMVTu66Nz6sBbPw9QkbjArbY/S2sZ9NF5htdii0R6SsEyPl0R6/9bV9okE/q
nihqnzXE8pGvLt7tlez4EoeHZjXLEFrdEyPVayT54yQqGb4HARbOEHDcrTe2atmP
q0Z4hSSPpAU=
=q2V5
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----

For information about PGP 2.2, send mail to pgpinfo@mantis.co.uk.
�

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51119
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

In article <65974@mimsy.umd.edu>
mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
 
>>Well, John has a quite different, not necessarily more elaborated theology.
>>There is some evidence that he must have known Luke, and that the content
>>of Q was known to him, but not in a 'canonized' form.
>
>This is a new argument to me.  Could you elaborate a little?
>
 
The argument goes as follows: Q-oid quotes appear in John, but not in
the almost codified way they were in Matthew or Luke. However, they are
considered to be similar enough to point to knowledge of Q as such, and
not an entirely different source.
 
 
>>Assuming that he knew Luke would obviously put him after Luke, and would
>>give evidence for the latter assumption.
>
>I don't think this follows.  If you take the most traditional attributions,
>then Luke might have known John, but John is an elder figure in either case.
>We're talking spans of time here which are well within the range of
>lifetimes.
 
We are talking date of texts here, not the age of the authors. The usual
explanation for the time order of Mark, Matthew and Luke does not consider
their respective ages. It says Matthew has read the text of Mark, and Luke
that of Matthew (and probably that of Mark).
 
As it is assumed that John knew the content of Luke's text. The evidence
for that is not overwhelming, admittedly.
 
 
>>>(1)  Earlier manuscripts of John have been discovered.
>
>>Interesting, where and which? How are they dated? How old are they?
>
>Unfortunately, I haven't got the info at hand.  It was (I think) in the late
>'70s or early '80s, and it was possibly as old as CE 200.
>
 
When they are from about 200, why do they shed doubt on the order on
putting John after the rest of the three?
 
 
>>I don't see your point, it is exactly what James Felder said.  They had no
>>first hand knowledge of the events, and it obvious that at least two of them
>>used older texts as the base of their account.  And even the association of
>>Luke to Paul or Mark to Peter are not generally accepted.
>
>Well, a genuine letter of Peter would be close enough, wouldn't it?
>
 
Sure, an original together with Id card of sender and receiver would be
fine. So what's that supposed to say? Am I missing something?
 
 
>And I don't think a "one step removed" source is that bad.  If Luke and Mark
>and Matthew learned their stories directly from diciples, then I really
>cannot believe in the sort of "big transformation from Jesus to gospel" that
>some people posit.  In news reports, one generally gets no better
>information than this.
>
>And if John IS a diciple, then there's nothing more to be said.
>
 
That John was a disciple is not generally accepted. The style and language
together with the theology are usually used as counterargument.
 
The argument that John was a disciple relies on the claim in the gospel
of John itself. Is there any other evidence for it?
 
One step and one generation removed is bad even in our times. Compare that
to reports of similar events in our century in almost illiterate societies.
Not even to speak off that believers are not necessarily the best sources.
 
 
>>It is also obvious that Mark has been edited. How old are the oldest
>>manuscripts? To my knowledge (which can be antiquated) the oldest is
>>quite after any of these estimates, and it is not even complete.
>
>The only clear "editing" is problem of the ending, and it's basically a
>hopeless mess.  The oldest versions give a strong sense of incompleteness,
>to the point where the shortest versions seem to break off in midsentence.
>The most obvious solution is that at some point part of the text was lost.
>The material from verse 9 on is pretty clearly later and seems to represent
>a synopsys of the end of Luke.
>
In other words, one does not know what the original of Mark did look like
and arguments based on Mark are pretty weak.
 
But how is that connected to a redating of John?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51120
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: university violating separation of church/state?

dmn@kepler.unh.edu (...until kings become philosophers or philosophers become kings) writes:
>      Recently, RAs have been ordered (and none have resisted or cared about
> it apparently) to post a religious flyer entitled _The Soul Scroll: Thoughts
> on religion, spirituality, and matters of the soul_ on the inside of bathroom
> stall doors. (at my school, the University of New Hampshire) It is some sort
> of newsletter assembled by a Hall Director somewhere on campus. It poses a
> question about 'spirituality' each issue, and solicits responses to be 
> included in the next 'issue.' It's all pretty vague. I assume it's put out
> by a Christian, but they're very careful not to mention Jesus or the bible.
> I've heard someone defend it, saying "Well it doesn't support any one religion.
> " So what??? This is a STATE university, and as a strong supporter of the
> separation of church and state, I was enraged.
> 
>      What can I do about this?

It sounds to me like it's just SCREAMING OUT for parody.  Give a copy to your
friendly neighbourhood SubGenius preacher; with luck, he'll run it through the
mental mincer and hand you back an outrageously offensive and gut-bustingly
funny parody you can paste over the originals.

I can see it now:

                               The Stool Scroll
         Thoughts on Religion, Spirituality, and Matters of the Colon

                       (You can use this text to wipe)


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51121
From: strom@Watson.Ibm.Com (Rob Strom)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <N4HY.93Apr5120934@harder.ccr-p.ida.org>, n4hy@harder.ccr-p.ida.org (Bob McGwier) writes:

|> [1] HOWEVER, I hate economic terrorism and political correctness
|> worse than I hate this policy.  


|> [2] A more effective approach is to stop donating
|> to ANY organizating that directly or indirectly supports gay rights issues
|> until they end the boycott on funding of scouts.  

Can somebody reconcile the apparent contradiction between [1] and [2]?

-- 
Rob Strom, strom@watson.ibm.com, (914) 784-7641
IBM Research, 30 Saw Mill River Road, P.O. Box 704, Yorktown Heights, NY  10598

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51122
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

In article <1993Apr5.091139.823@batman.bmd.trw.com>
jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
 
>> Didn't you say Lucifer was created with a perfect nature?
>
>Yes.
>
 
Define perfect then.
 
 
>> I think you
>> are playing the usual game here, make sweeping statements like omni-,
>> holy, or perfect, and don't note that they mean exactly what they say.
>> And that says that you must not use this terms when it leads to
>> contradictions.
>
>I'm not trying to play games here.  But I understand how it might seem
>that way especially when one is coming from a completely different point
>of view such as atheism.
>
 
Take your foot out of your mouth, I wondered about that already when I
was a Catholic Christian. The fact that the contradiction is unresolvable
is one of the reasons why I am an atheist.
 
Believe me, I believed similar sentences for a long time. But that shows
the power of religion and not anything about its claims.
 
 
>>>Now God could have prevented Lucifer's fall by taking away his ability
>>>to choose between moral alternatives (worship God or worship himself),
>>>but that would mean that God was in error to have make Lucifer or any
>>>being with free will in the first place.
>>
>> Exactly. God allows evil, an evil if there ever was one.
>>
>
>Now that's an opinion, or at best a premise.  But from my point of view,
>it is not a premise which is necessary true, specifically, that it is
>an evil to allow evil to occur.
>
 
It follows from a definition of evil as ordinarily used. Letting evil
happen or allowing evil to take place, in this place even causing evil,
is another evil.
 
 
>> But could you give a definition of free will? Especially in the
>> presence of an omniscient being?
>>
>"Will" is "self-determination".  In other words, God created conscious
>beings who have the ability to choose between moral choices independently
>of God.  All "will", therefore, is "free will".
>
 
The omniscient attribute of god will know what the creatures will do even
before the omnipotent has created them. There is no choice left. All is known,
the course of events is fixed.
 
Not even for the omniscient itself, to extend an argument by James Tims.
 
 
>>>If God is omniscient, then
>>>clearly, creating beings with free moral choice is a greater good than
>>>the emergence of ungodliness (evil/sin) since He created them knowing
>>>the outcome in advance.
>>
>> Why is it the greater good to allow evil with the knowledge that it
>> will happen? Why not make a unipolar system with the possibility of
>> doing good or not doing good, but that does not necessarily imply
>> doing evil. It is logically possible, but your god has not done it.
>
>I do not know that such is logically possible.  If God restrains a
>free being's choice to choose to do evil and simply do "not good",
>then can it be said that the being truly has a free moral choice?
>And if "good" is defined as loving and obeying God, and avoiding
>those behaviors which God prohibits, then how can you say that one
>who is "not good" is not evil as well?  Like I said, I am not sure
>that doing "not good" without doing evil is logically possible.
 
And when I am not omnipotent, how can I have free will? You have said
something about choices and the scenario gives them. Therefore we have
what you define as free will.
 
Imagine the following. I can do good to other beings, but I cannot harm them.
Easily implemented by making everyone appreciate being the object of good
deeds, but don't make them long for them, so they can not feel the absence
of good as evil.
 
But whose case am I arguing? It is conceivable, so the omnipotent can do it.
Or it would not be omnipotent. If you want logically consistent as well, you
have to give up the pet idea of an omnipotent first.
 
(Deletion)
>
>Perhaps it is weak, in a way.  If I were just speculating about the
>ubiquitous pink unicorns, then there would be no basis for such
>speculation.  But this idea of God didn't just fall on me out of the
>blue :), or while reading science fiction or fantasy.  (I know that
>some will disagree)  :)  The Bible describes a God who is omniscient,
>and nevertheless created beings with free moral choice, from which
>the definitional logic follows.  But that's not all there is to it.
>There seems to be (at least in my mind) a certain amount of evidence
>which indicates that God exists and that the Biblical description
>of Him may be a fair one.  It is that evidence which bolsters the
>argument in my view.
 
That the bible describes an omniscient and omnipotent god destroys
the credibility of the bible, nothing less.
 
And a lot of people would be interested in evidence for a god,
unfortunately, there can't be any with these definitions.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51123
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Political Atheists?

arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:

>>The motto originated in the Star-Spangled Banner.  Tell me that this has
>>something to do with atheists.
>The motto _on_coins_ originated as a McCarthyite smear which equated atheism
>with Communism and called both unamerican.

No it didn't.  The motto has been on various coins since the Civil War.
It was just required to be on *all* currency in the 50's.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51124
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <114127@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
>>When they are victimized they are Muslims. When they victimize others
>>they are not True Muslims (tm) or no Muslims at all.
>
>>Quite annoying.
>
>I don't understand the point of this petty sarcasm. It is a basic
>principle of Islam that if one is born muslim or one says "I testify
>that there is no god but God and Mohammad is a prophet of God" that,
>so long as one does not explicitly reject Islam by word then one _must_
>be considered muslim by all muslims. So the phenomenon you're attempting
>to make into a general rule or psychology is a direct odds with basic
>Islamic principles. If you want to attack Islam you could do better than
>than to argue against something that Islam explicitly contradicts.
>
 
It was no criticism of Islam for a change, it was a criticism of the
arguments used. Namely, whenever people you identify as Muslims are
the victims of the attacks of others, they are used an argument for
the bad situation of Muslims. But whenever deeds by Muslim that victimize
others are named, they do not count as an argument because what these
people did was not done as a true Muslims. No mention is made how Muslims
are the cause of a bad situation of another party.
 
Double standards.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51125
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

(reference line trimmed)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

[...]

>There is a good deal more confusion here.   You started off with the 
>assertion that there was some "objective" morality, and as you admit
>here, you finished up with a recursive definition.   Murder is 
>"objectively" immoral, but eactly what is murder and what is not itself
>requires an appeal to morality.

Yes.

>Now you have switch targets a little, but only a little.   Now you are
>asking what is the "goal"?   What do you mean by "goal?".   Are you
>suggesting that there is some "objective" "goal" out there somewhere,
>and we form our morals to achieve it?

Well, for example, the goal of "natural" morality is the survival and
propogation of the species.  Another example of a moral system is
presented within the Declaration of Independence, which states that we
should be guaranteed life liberty and the pursuit of happiness.  You see,
to have a moral system, we must define the purpose of the system.  That is,
we shall be moral unto what end?

>>Murder is certainly a violation of the golden rule.  And, I thought I had
>>defined murder as an intentional killing of a non-murderer, against his will.
>>And you responded to this by asking whether or not the execution of an
>>innocent person under our system of capital punishment was a murder or not.
>>I fail to see what this has to do with anything.  I never claimed that our
>>system of morality was an objective one.
>I thought that was your very first claim.   That there was
>some kind of "objective" morality, and that an example of that was
>that murder is wrong.   If you don't want to claim that any more,
>that's fine.

Well, murder violates the golen rule, which is certainly a pillar of most
every moral system.  However, I am not assuming that our current system
and the manner of its implementation are objectively moral.  I think that
it is a very good approximation, but we can't be perfect.

>And by the way, you don't seem to understand the difference between
>"arbitrary" and "objective".   If Keith Schneider "defines" murder
>to be this that and the other, that's arbitrary.   Jon Livesey may
>still say "Well, according to my personal system of morality, all
>killing of humans against their will is murder, and wrong, and what
>the legal definition of murder may be in the USA, Kuweit, Saudi
>Arabia, or the PRC may be matters not a whit to me".

Well, "objective" would assume a system based on clear and fundamental
concepts, while "arbitary" implies no clear line of reasoning.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51126
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: >>>>>>Pompous ass

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:

>>Then why do people keep asking the same questions over and over?
>Because you rarely ever answer them.

Nope, I've answered each question posed, and most were answered multiple
times.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51127
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: >>>>>>Pompous ass

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>>How long does it [the motto] have to stay around before it becomes the
>>>default?  ...  Where's the cutoff point? 
>>I don't know where the exact cutoff is, but it is at least after a few
>>years, and surely after 40 years.
>Why does the notion of default not take into account changes
>in population makeup?     

Specifically, which changes are you talking about?  Are you arguing
that the motto is interpreted as offensive by a larger portion of the
population now than 40 years ago?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51128
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Keith Schneider - Stealth Poster?

sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:

>>To borrow from philosophy, you don't truly understand the color red
>>until you have seen it.
>Not true, even if you have experienced the color red you still might
>have a different interpretation of it.

But, you wouldn't know what red *was*, and you certainly couldn't judge
it subjectively.  And, objectivity is not applicable, since you are wanting
to discuss the merits of red.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51130
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Keith Schneider - Stealth Poster?

arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:

>>But, if you were to discuss the merits of racism, or its psycholgical
>>benefits, you would do well to have experienced it personally.
>When you speak of "experiencing religion" you mean someone should believe in
>a religion.

That's right, and this is pretty impossible, right?  It would be ideal if
we could believe for a while, just to try out religion, and only then
determine which course of thought suits us best.  But again, this is not
possible.  Not that religion warrants belief, but the belief carries with
it some psychological benefits.  There are also some psychological
burdens, too.

>When you speak of "experiencing racism", do you mean that someone should
>believe in racism, or that they should have racist things done to them?  For
>parallelism, the former must be what you meant, but it seems to be an odd
>usage of the phrase.

Well, if there were some psychological or other benefits gained from racism,
they could only be fully understood or judged by persons actually "believing"
in racism.  Of course, the parallel happens to be a poor one, but you
originated it.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51131
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>>But, you don't know that capital punishment is wrong, so it isn't the same
>>as shooting.  A better analogy would be that you continue to drive your car,
>>realizing that sooner or later, someone is going to be killed in an automobile
>>accident.  You *know* people get killed as a result of driving, yet you
>>continue to do it anyway.
>Uh uh.  You do not know that you will be the one to do the
>killing.  I'm not sure I'd drive a car if I had sufficient evidence to
>conclude that I would necessarily kill someone during my lifetime.

Yes, and everyone thinks as you do.  No one thinks that he is going to cause
or be involved in a fatal accident, but the likelihood is surprisingly high.
Just because you are the man on the firing squad whose gun is shooting
blanks does not mean that you are less guilty.

>I don't know about Jon, but I say *ALL* taking of human life is
>murder.  And I say murder is wrong in all but one situation:  when
>it is the only action that will prevent another murder, either of
>myself or another.

You mean that killing is wrong in all but one situtation?  And, you should
note that that situation will never occur.  There are always other options
thank killing.  Why don't you just say that all killing is wrong.  This
is basically what you are saying.

>I'm getting a bit tired of your probabilistic arguments.

Are you attempting to be condescending?

>That the system usually works pretty well is small consolation to
>the poor innocent bastard getting the lethal injection.  Is your
>personal value of human life based solely on a statistical approach?
>You sound like an unswerving adherent to the needs of the many
>outweighing the needs of the few, so fuck the few.

But, most people have found the risk to be acceptable.  You are probably
much more likely to die in a plane crash, or even using an electric
blender, than you are to be executed as an innocent.  I personally think
that the risk is acceptable, but in an ideal moral system, no such risk
is acceptable.  "Acceptable" is the fudge factor necessary in such an
approximation to the ideal.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51132
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>>I think that about 70% (or so) people approve of the
>>death penalty, even realizing all of its shortcomings.  Doesn't this make
>>it reasonable?  Or are *you* the sole judge of reasonability?
>Aside from revenge, what merits do you find in capital punishment?

Are we talking about me, or the majority of the people that support it?
Anyway, I think that "revenge" or "fairness" is why most people are in
favor of the punishment.  If a murderer is going to be punished, people
that think that he should "get what he deserves."  Most people wouldn't
think it would be fair for the murderer to live, while his victim died.

>Revenge?  Petty and pathetic.

Perhaps you think that it is petty and pathetic, but your views are in the
minority.

>We have a local televised hot topic talk show that very recently
>did a segment on capital punishment.  Each and every advocate of
>the use of this portion of our system of "jurisprudence" cited the
>main reason for supporting it:  "That bastard deserved it".  True
>human compassion, forgiveness, and sympathy.

Where are we required to have compassion, forgiveness, and sympathy?  If
someone wrongs me, I will take great lengths to make sure that his advantage
is removed, or a similar situation is forced upon him.  If someone kills
another, then we can apply the golden rule and kill this person in turn.
Is not our entire moral system based on such a concept?

Or, are you stating that human life is sacred, somehow, and that it should
never be violated?  This would sound like some sort of religious view.
 
>>I mean, how reasonable is imprisonment, really, when you think about it?
>>Sure, the person could be released if found innocent, but you still
>>can't undo the imiprisonment that was served.  Perhaps we shouldn't
>>imprision people if we could watch them closely instead.  The cost would
>>probably be similar, especially if we just implanted some sort of
>>electronic device.
>Would you rather be alive in prison or dead in the chair?  

Once a criminal has committed a murder, his desires are irrelevant.

And, you still have not answered my question.  If you are concerned about
the death penalty due to the possibility of the execution of an innocent,
then why isn't this same concern shared with imprisonment.  Shouldn't we,
by your logic, administer as minimum as punishment as possible, to avoid
violating the liberty or happiness of an innocent person?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51133
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Political Atheists?

bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>>If I kill this person [an innocent person convicted of murder],
>>then a murder would be committed, but I would not be the murderer.  At least,
>>I wouldn't "reasonably" be considered a murderer, with "reasonable" being
>>introduced as a fudge factor necessary to account for the inability to be
>>totally objective due to a lack of absolutely true information.
>If society collective decides to carry the burden of executing
>it's citizens, then it also carries the blame for their innocent
>blood.  Each and every voter who casts a ballot in favor of
>capital punishment is in part guilty of the murder of each and
>every innocent victim of the system.

Why are only those people in favor of the system to blame.  If society
accepts such a system, then each member of society is to blame when
an innocent person gets executed.  Those that are not in favor should
work to convince others.

And, most members of our society have accepted the blame--they've considered
the risk to be acceptable.  Similarly, every person who drives must accept
the blame for fatal traffic accidents.  This is something that is surely
going to happen when so many people are driving.  It is all a question of
what risk is acceptable.  It is much more likely that an innocent person
will be killed driving than it is that one will be executed.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51134
Subject: Re: Don't more innocents die without the death penalty?
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)

In article <2942881697.0.p00168@psilink.com> p00168@psilink.com (James F. Tims) writes:
>
>By maintaining classes D and E, even in prison, it seems as if we 
>place more innocent people at a higher risk of an unjust death than 
>we would if the state executed classes D and E with an occasional error.
>

  I answer from the position that we would indeed place these people
  in prison for life.

  That depends not only on their predisposition towards murder, but
  also in their success rate at escape and therefore their ability
  to commit the same crimes again.

  In other words, if lifetime imprisonment doesn't work, perhaps
  it's not because we're not executing these people, but because
  we're not being careful enough about how we lock them up.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51135
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)

In article <1993Apr3.081052.11292@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>I propose
>that these two trends -- greater level of general depression in society
>(and other psychological problems) and greater sexual promiscuity -- are
>linked, with the latter being a prime cause of the former.  I cannot
>provide any evidence beyond this at this stage, but the whole thesis
>seems very reasonable to me and I request that people ponder upon it.
>

  Damn right you can't provide any evidence for it.  

  Rarely are any widespread social phenomenon reducible to such a
  simple premise.  If they were, psychology would be a hard science
  with roughly the same mathematical soundness as physics.  

  Your premise may well be right.  It is much more likely, however,
  that it reflects your socialization and religious background, as
  well as your need to validate your religious beliefs.  Were I to
  pretend to have all the answers (and I don't), I would say that the
  xenophobia, guilt, and intolerance brought about by adherence to 
  fundamentalist religions play just as large a role in depressing
  the members of our society.

  Your mileage obviously varies.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51136
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)

In article <1993Apr3.212139.14076@blaze.cs.jhu.edu> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
>In article <1pj9bs$d4j@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>>I would say that one innocent person killed is in some sense
>>as bad as many.   We certainly feel that way when we punish
>>someone for a single murder.
>>Now if we reform system X, by reducing the number of deaths
>>by one, we produce system XX.    I'd say we should not go back
>>to system X, even though by doing so we would re-introduce only 
>>a single extra death.
>
>Bob seems to think that one is as bad as many in a sense somewhat stronger than
>the one you indicate.
>--

  Yes, I do.  

  My argument is that the sole purpose of the death penalty is to
  kill people.  That is it's primary (and I would argue only)
  purpose.  To continue to kill people by a practice that has
  almost no utility, especially when you know you will be killing
  innocents, is unconscionable.

  At the very least, the existence of the prison system and our
  transportation system are based on their merits to society, not
  their detriments.  We are willing to accept a few lost innocent
  lives because there is an overwhelming benefit to the continued
  existence of these systems.  One has to stretch the evidence and
  the arguments to make the same claim for capital punishment.

  Just in case I wasn't clear again:  We maintain a capital
  punsihment system that kills innocent people and provides us with
  no net positive gain.  Why?

  Were you to pin me in a corner and ask, I would have to respond
  that I don't belief the state should have the right to take life
  at all.  But I won't open that debate, as it seems others are
  tiring of this thread on a.a anyway.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51139
Subject: Re: There must be a creator! (Maybe)
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)

In article <16BA1E927.DRPORTER@SUVM.SYR.EDU>, DRPORTER@SUVM.SYR.EDU (Brad Porter) writes:
>
>   Science is wonderful at answering most of our questions.  I'm not the type
>to question scientific findings very often, but...  Personally, I find the
>theory of evolution to be unfathomable.  Could humans, a highly evolved,
>complex organism that thinks, learns, and develops truly be an organism
>that resulted from random genetic mutations and natural selection?

[...stuff deleted...]

Computers are an excellent example...of evolution without "a" creator.
We did not "create" computers.  We did not create the sand that goes
into the silicon that goes into the integrated circuits that go into
processor board.  We took these things and put them together in an
interesting way. Just like plants "create" oxygen using light through 
photosynthesis.  It's a much bigger leap to talk about something that
created "everything" from nothing.  I find it unfathomable to resort
to believing in a creator when a much simpler alternative exists: we
simply are incapable of understanding our beginnings -- if there even
were beginnings at all.  And that's ok with me.  The present keeps me
perfectly busy.

-jim halat


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51140
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)

In article <j0=5l3=@rpi.edu>, johnsd2@jec322.its.rpi.edu (Dan Johnson) writes:
>In article 143048IO30436@MAINE.MAINE.EDU, <IO30436@MAINE.MAINE.EDU> () writes:

Dan Johnson-

You don't know me, but take this hand anyway.  Bravo for GO(DS) = 0. 
Beautiful!  Simply beautiful!

-jim halat


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51141
Subject: Re: Speculations
From: dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham)

In article <930405.172903.4w6.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu> writes:
>> If this god is truly omnipotent as you folks like to claim, then why can't
>> he terminate eternity?
>
>For the same reason he can't flibble glop ork groink.
>
>The thing you are demanding that he must be able to do, has no meaning in its
>own terms.

This is a classic example of excessive faith in reason.  The fact that we
have trouble talking about something doesn't imply that it is impossible; it
simply implies that it is hard to talk about.  There is a very good chance
that God *can* flibble glop ork groink.  Charlie Wingate can flibble glop
ork groink, and he isn't even God.
--
Doug Graham         dgraham@bnr.ca         My opinions are my own.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51142
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>Much though it might be fun to debate capital punishment itself,
>this is probably the wrong group for it.  The only relevance here
>is that you don't seem to be able to tell us what capital punishment
>actually is, and when it is murder.  That is, when you tell us murder
>is wrong, you are using a term you have not yet defined.

Well, I've said that when an innocent person has been executed, this is
objectively a murder.  However, who is at blame is another question.
It seems that the entire society that sanctions any sorts of executions--
realizing the risks--is to blame.

>There is a *probability* of 
>killing an innocent person by shooting at random into the air, and 
>there is a *probability* of killing an innocent person when the
>state administers a system of capital punishment.  So when you do
>either, you know that they actions you are taking will sooner or 
>later result in the killing of an innocent person.

Yes, but there is also a probablity that you will kill someone doing
any raondom activity.  Presumably, you had not isolated yourself totally
from the rest of society because of this.

>>And, driving will kill people, as will airlines, but people continue to do
>>both.
>Driving and flying are not punishments inflicted on unwilling
>prisoners by Courts.  They are risks that we take upon ourselves
>willingly.

And I argue that our law system is a similar risk.  Perhaps an innocent
person will be punished someday, but we work to prevent this.  In fact,
many criminals go free as a result of our trying to prevent punishment
of innocents.

>If our own driving kills someone else, then sure, there is a moral
>issue.  I know at least one person who was involved in a fatal
>accident, and they felt vey guilty afterwards.

But, such accidents are to be totally expected, given the numner of vehicals
on the road.  Again, the blame is on society.

>>No I'm not.  This is what you said.  You were saying that if there were such
>>a false witness that resulted in an innocent person being convicted and killed
>>, it would still be the fault of the state, since it did the actual killing.
>No, I just commented that the state does the killing.  It does not
>depend on there being false witnesses.  How could it?  The state
>does the killing even in the case of sincere mistakes

Yes, but the state is not at fault in such a case.  The state can only do
so much to prevent false witnesses.

>>It is possible.  So, what are you trying to say, that capital punishment
>>is always murder because of the possibilty of human error invalidating
>>the system?
>I'm saying capital punishment is murder, period.  Not because of
>this that and the other, but because it involves taking human life.
>That's *my* definition of murder.  I make no appeals to dictionaries
>or to "objective" morals.

Okay, so this is what you call murder.  But, the question is whether or not
all such "murders" are wrong.  Are you saying that all taking of human life
is wrong, no matter what the circumstances?

>If we, as a society, decide to murder someone, then we should say
>that, and lists our reasons for doing so, and live with the moral
>consequences.  We should not play word games and pretend that
>murder isn't murder.  And that's *my* opinion about how society
>ought to be run.

But, this is basically how it works.  Society accepts the risk that an
innocent person will be murdered by execution.  And, every member of
society shares this blame.  And, most people's definitions of murder
include some sort of malicious intent, which is not involved in an
execution, is it?

>>But, we were trying to discuss an objective moral system, or at least its
>>possibilty.  What ramifications does your personal system have on an
>>objective one?
>No, we were not discussing an objective moral system.  I was showing
>you that you didn't have one, because, for one thing, you were incapable
>of defining the terms in it, for example, "murder".

Murder violates the golden rule.  Executions do not, because by allowing
it at all, society implicitly accepts the consequences no matter who the
innocent victim is.

>>We're not talking about reading minds, we are just talking about knowing the
>>truth.  Yes, we can never be absolutely certain that we have the truth, but
>>the court systems work on a principle of knowing the "truth" "beyond a
>>reasonable doubt."  
>Sorry, but you simply are not quoting yourself accurately.  Here
>is what you said:
>	"And, since we are looking totally objectively at this case,
>	then we know what people are thinking when they are voting to
>	execute the person or not.  If the intent is malicious and 
>	unfair, then the execution would be murder."
>What you are doing now is to slide into another claim, which is
>quite different.  The jury being *persuaded* beyond a serious
>doubt is not the same as us knowing what is in their minds beyond
>a serious doubt.

Reading the minds of the jury would certainly tell whether or not a conviction
was moral or not.  But, in an objective system, only the absolute truth
matters, and the jury system is one method to approximate such a truth.  That
is, twelve members must be convinced of a truth.

>Moreover, a jury which comes from a sufficiently prejudiced background
>may allow itself to be persuaded beyond a serious doubt on evidence
>that you and I would laugh at.

But then, if we read the minds of these people, we would know that the
conviction was unfair.

>>But, would it be perfectly fair if we could read minds?  If we assume that
>>it would be fair if we knew the absolute truth, why is it so much less
>>fair, in your opinion, if we only have a good approximation of the absolute
>>truth?
>It's not a question of fairness.  Your claim, which I have quoted
>above is a claim about whether we can *know* it was fair, so as to
>be able to distinguish capital punishnment from murder.

Yes, while we could objectively determine the difference (if we knew all
possible information), we can't always determine the difference in our
flawed system.  I think that our system is almost as good as possible,
but it still isn't objectively perfect.  You see, it doesn't matter if
we *know* it is fair or not.  Objectively, it is either fair or it is not.

>Now there's a huge difference.  If we can read minds, we can know,
>and if we cannot read minds, we can know nothing.  The difference
>is not in degree of fairness, but in what we can know.

But what we know has no effect on an objective system.

>>I think it is possible to produce a fairly objective system, if we are
>>clear on which goals it is supposed to promote.
>I'm not going to waste my time trying to devise a system that I am
>pretty sure does not exist.

Why are you so sure?

>I simply want people to confront reality.  *My* reality, remember.

Why is *your* reality important?

>In this case, the reality is that, "ideal theories' apart, we can
>never know, even after the fact, about the fairness of the justice
>system.  For every innocent person released from Death Row, there
>may have been a dozen innocent people executed, or a hundred, or
>none at all.  We simply don't know.

But, we can assume that the system is fairly decent, at least most likely.
And, you realize that the correctness of our system says nothing about a
totally ideal and objective system.

>Now what are we going to do?  On the one hand, we can pretend
>that we have an 'ideal' theory, and that we can know things we can
>never know, and the Justie System is fair, and that we can wave a 
>magic wand and make certain types of killing not murder, and go 
>on our way.

Well, we can have an ideal system, but the working system can not be ideal.
We can only hope to create a system that is as close an approximation to
the ideal system as possible.

>On the other hand, we can recognize that all Justice has a small
>- we hope - probability of punishing the innocent, and that in the
>end we do bear moral responsibility even for the probabilistic
>consequences of the systems we set up, and then say, "Well, here
>we go, murdering again."  Maybe some of us will even say "Gee, I
>wonder if all this is strictly necessary?"

Yes, we all bear the responsibility.  Most people seem willing to do this.

>I think that the second is preferable in that if requires people
>to face the moral consequences of what we do as a society, instead
>of sheltering ourselves from them by magic ceremonies and word 
>games.

We must realize the consequences of all our actions.  Why do you keep
separating the justice system from the pack?

>And lest I forget, I also don't think we have an objective moral
>system, and I believe I only have to take that idea seriously
>when someone presents evidence of it.

I don't think our country has an objective system, but I think such an
objective system can exist, in theory.  Without omniscience, an objective
system is not possible in practice.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51143
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>Now along comes Mr Keith Schneider and says "Here is an "objective
>moral system".  And then I start to ask him about the definitions
>that this "objective" system depends on, and, predictably, the whole
>thing falls apart.

It only falls apart if you attempt to apply it.  This doesn't mean that
an objective system can't exist.  It just means that one cannot be
implemented.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51144
From: rm03@ic.ac.uk (Mr R. Mellish)
Subject: Re: university violating separation of church/state?

In article <199304041750.AA17104@kepler.unh.edu> dmn@kepler.unh.edu (...until kings become philosophers or philosophers become kings) writes:
>
>
>
>     Recently, RAs have been ordered (and none have resisted or cared about
>it apparently) to post a religious flyer entitled _The Soul Scroll: Thoughts
>on religion, spirituality, and matters of the soul_ on the inside of bathroom
>stall doors. (at my school, the University of New Hampshire) It is some sort
>of newsletter assembled by a Hall Director somewhere on campus.
[most of post deleted]
>
>  Please respond as soon as possible. I'd like these religious postings to
>stop, NOW! 
>
>  
>Thanks,
>
>  Dana
>
>       
>        
There is an easy way out....
Post the flyers on the stall doors, but add at the bottom, in nice large
capitals,

      EMERGENCY TOILET PAPER

:)

-- 
------              Robert Mellish, FOG, IC, UK                  ------
 Email: r.mellish@ic.ac.uk   Net: rm03@sg1.cc.ic.ac.uk    IRC:  HobNob
------     and also the mrs joyful prize for rafia work.         ------

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51145
From: kilman2y@fiu.edu (Yevgeny (Gene) Kilman)
Subject: Re: USAToday ad ("family values")

In article <C4rzz2.47J@unix.portal.com> danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock) writes:
>There was a funny ad in USAToday from "American Family Association".
>I'll post a few choice parts for your enjoyment (all emphases is in
>the ad; I'm not adding anything). All the typos are mine. :)

[Dan's article deleted]

I found the same add in our local Sunday newspaper.
The add was placed in the ..... cartoon section!
The perfect place for it ! :-)

Y.K.




Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51146
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1993Apr3.214741.14026@ultb.isc.rit.edu>, snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
>
> My claim is that a person that committs a crime doesn't believe in 
> God, for the moment that the crime is committed, at least, whether 
> they are originally believers or not.  To believe is to do good.  
> Your statistics indicate people that have declared atheism.

And doubtless, when an atheist does an act of charity
they temporarily become a Baptist.

jon. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51147
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1993Apr3.081052.11292@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>
>  I propose that these two trends -- greater level of general 
> depression in society (and other psychological problems) and 
> greater sexual promiscuity -- are linked, with the latter being 
> a prime cause of the former.  I cannot provide any evidence beyond 
> this at this stage, but the whole thesis seems very reasonable to 
> me and I request that people ponder upon it.

I pondered it for all of ten seconds when I realised that since
we don't have any reliable statistics for sexual promiscuity,
and since the whole issue of "depression" isn't at all well 
defined for earlier centuries, you are probably talking crap.

Of course, you could pull a Mozumder on us, and say that people
who are having sex outside marriage are *defined* to be depressed.

I can't say I'd ever noticed, myself.

jon. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51148
From: anthropo@carina.unm.edu (Dominick V. Zurlo)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <1993Apr5.011255.7295@cbnewsl.cb.att.com> stank@cbnewsl.cb.att.com (Stan Krieger) writes:
>Now can we please use rec.scouting for the purpose for which it was
>established?  Clearly we netnews voters decided that we did not want to
>provide a scouting newsgroup to give fringe groups a forum for their
>anti-societal political views.

Ok, this is the only thing I will comment on from Stan at this time...
part of this forum we call rec.scouting is for policy discussions and
related topics.  This is a policy discussion, and involves related 
topics.  this is not a "fringe" group discussion.  obviously, it 
engenders strong feelings from all sides of the issues at hand. 
Wether a particular view is anti-societal or not is your opinion, 
and yours alone, don't try to make it seem otherwise. 
If you do not wish to engage in this discussion, use a kill file. 
If you wish to continue in this discussion, please do so, knowing 
full well the implications that apply.
I know for myself that I plan on continuing with the discussion when 
i have the wish to have input.  I for one am tired of people trying to 
say that this is not a matter significant for this group!  It is, and 
quite so. Especially for those of us who feel the impact more closely.


****************************************************************
*  Dominick V. Zurlo              *    "If the world's an      *
*  WWW                            *    oyster, why am I        *
*  Eagle Scout '87                *    allergic to Mollusks?"  *
*  blacklisted '88                *                            *
****************************************************************



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51149
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:

>As for rape, surely there the burden of guilt is solely on the rapist?

Not so.  If you are thrown into a cage with a tiger and get mauled, do you
blame the tiger?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51150
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:

>>Perhaps we shouldn't imprision people if we could watch them closely
>>instead.  The cost would probably be similar, especially if we just
>>implanted some sort of electronic device.
>Why wait until they commit the crime?  Why not implant such devices in
>potential criminals like Communists and atheists?

Sorry, I don't follow your reasoning.  You are proposing to punish people
*before* they commit a crime?  What justification do you have for this?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51151
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: EnviroLeague


A new alternative to Scouting for those "unacceptable to BSA" for reasons
of religious or sexual preference:


From: "BOYD R. CRITZ, III" <71611.365@CompuServe.COM>
Subject: EnviroLeague

"Birth Announcement" on March 7, 1993, from EARTH Forum, CompuServe
                       Information Service
===================================================================
 
                     FORMAL ANNOUNCEMENT
                     -------------------
 
                                     (SM)
                        EnviroLeague
 
A new youth movement,"EnviroLeague," was recently born, according to its
founder, Boyd R. Critz, III (CIS ID# 71611,365), of Peoria, Illinois.
EnviroLeague exists for the education of youth, both male and female, in
matters concerning their values related to and responsibility for our
environment.
 
Incorporated as an Illinois not-for-profit corporation, its Articles and
initial applications for a service mark have now been filed.  According to
Critz, its draft Bylaws contain the following statement of Mission and
Objectives:
 
                           MISSION
 
   It is the Mission of EnviroLeague and its adult members
   to foster and implement the improved education of young
   people in the need to conduct their lives as Stewards
   of The Earth, to leave The Earth in a better condition
   than they found it, and to otherwise act as responsible,
   moral and ethical users of their environment.  To pursue
   the accomplishment of this Mission, EnviroLeague shall
   seek to serve as a catalyst, focusing in common cause the
   separate efforts of all groups desiring the preservation,
   improvement, and responsible use of the environment in
   which we must all live.
 
                         OBJECTIVES
 
   In pursuit of the Mission of EnviroLeague, its primary
   objectives shall be:
       (1)  To establish a Movement involving as many
            environmentally concerned organizations as
            possible, said Movement having as its primary
            focus the education and participatory
            involvement of young people in appropriate areas
            of environmental concern;
       (2)  To develop and provide to such organizations and
            their branches a full complement of program
            materials for their use, including suitable
            uniforms, insignia and other badges, written
            ideas, syllabi and information, literature and
            other items as shall seem appropriate and
            desirable;
       (3)  To serve as a "clearing house" for the exchange
            of program ideas, materials and information
            among said organizations;  and
       (4)  To assist environmentally concerned
            organizations to recruit and train the necessary
            adult leadership for their youth programs.
 
EnviroLeague will operate through three "Program Divisions" serving youth in
the elementary, middle and high school grades, respectively.  Service shall be
through formation of "EnviroLeague Teams," either by EnviroLeague itself or by
environmentally conscious organizations (or their local branches) wishing a
charter to use programs developed by EnviroLeague.
 
EnviroLeague, as it develops, will be controlled by the actual adult leaders
of each local Team, and will have no nationally imposed obstacles to
membership or adult leadership status not based upon relevant improper
conduct. Organizations accepting a charter may, however, impose certain
additional standards for their own use of the program material.  Should such
organizations do so, EnviroLeague will commit itself to forming, as soon as
possible, new nearby Teams having no such restrictions, particularly as to
youth membership.
 
EnviroLeague will operate on the principle that youth will have much to
contribute to developing its programs.  Thus, the top youth leaders of its
Teams for middle and high school youth may become involved in governing any
local administrative groups, and those for its high school youth may be
involved in similar functions at the national level.
 
Program materials are in development at this time.  Copies of the "draft"
portions of the Mentor's Manual (manual for adult leadership) will be in the
EARTH Forum, Library 17. These files will be updated as development takes
place.
 
CompuServe is particularly proud that EnviroLeague's founder chose this
electronic medium to make the first public announcement of its formation.
This announcement is being made simultaneously in both the OUTDOOR and EARTH
Forums.
 
The electronic home of EnviroLeague is in CompuServe's Earth Forum - GO
EARTH - message and library areas 17, both named "EnviroLeague."
============================================================================
 
Subsequently, EnviroLeague's Initial Governance Council has held its first
meeting.  Boyd Critz was elected as the first EnviroLeague Chief Guardian
(equivalent to Chairman of the Board or CEO).  He can be reached at home
(309) 675-4483 in case of real need.  Also, mail can be addressed to:
       EnviroLeague
       P.O. Box 418
       Peoria, IL  61651-0418
 
Those interested in starting an EnviroLeague Team might just establish
contact, to receive a diskette (IBM DOS, ASCII) with initial information.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51152
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu
Subject: Idle questions for fellow atheists


I wonder how many atheists out there care to speculate on the face of the world
if atheists were the majority rather than the minority group of the population. 
It is rather a ridiculous question in some ways, I know, but my newsreader is
down so I am not getting any new postings for a bit, so I figure I might as
well post something new myself.

Also, how many atheists out there would actually take the stance and accor a
higher value to their way of thinking over the theistic way of thinking.  The
typical selfish argument would be that both lines of thinking evolved from the
same inherent motivation, so one is not, intrinsically, different from the
other, qualitatively.  But then again a measuring stick must be drawn
somewhere, and if we cannot assign value to a system of beliefs at its core,
than the only other alternative is to apply it to its periphery; ie, how it
expresses its own selfishness.

Idle thoughts...


Adam

********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
*				   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51153
From: bobs@thnext.mit.edu (Robert Singleton)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution

In article <1993Apr5.163738.2447@dcs.warwick.ac.uk>  
simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale) writes:
[deleted]
> 
> ... over on alt.atheism we tend to recognise two
> categories of atheism. Function format due to mathew@mantis.co.uk, I  
think:
> 
> (i) weak  -  not(believe(gods))
> 
> (ii) strong  -  believe(not(gods))
> 
[deleted]
> 
> 
> 
> I ... am [a strong atheist], and I must quibble with your assertion 
> that the `strong' position requires faith. I believe that no god/s, 
> as commonly described by theists, exist. This belief is merely an 
                                           ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> opinion, formed on the basis of observation, including a certain 
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> amount of introspection.
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> 
> I fully accept that I could be wrong, and will be swayed by suitably
> convincing evidence. Thus while I believe that no gods exist, this does
                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> not imply *faith* on my part that it is so.
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Let me first say that "to believe that no gods exist" is in fact 
different than "not believing in a god or gods". 

I will argue that your latter statement, "I believe that no gods exist"
does rest upon faith - that is, if you are making a POSITIVE statement 
that "no gods exist" (strong atheism) rather than merely saying I don't  
know and therefore don't believe in them and don't NOT believe in then
(weak atheism). Once again, to not believe in God is different than saying  
I BELIEVE that God does not exist. I still maintain the position, even 
after reading the FAQs, that strong atheism requires faith.

But first let me say the following.
We might have a language problem here - in regards to "faith" and
"existence". I, as a Christian, maintain that God does not exist.
To exist means to have being in space and time. God does not HAVE
being - God IS Being. Kierkegaard once said that God does not
exist, He is eternal. With this said, I feel it's rather pointless
to debate the so called "existence" of God - and that is not what
I'm doing here. I believe that God is the source and ground of
being. When you say that "god does not exist", I also accept this
statement - but we obviously mean two different things by it. However,
in what follows I will use the phrase "the existence of God" in it's
'usual sense' - and this is the sense that I think you are using it.
I would like a clarification upon what you mean by "the existence of
God".
 
We also might differ upon what it means to have faith. Here is what
Webster says:

faith 
1a: allegiance to duty or a person: LOYALTY
b  (1): fidelity to one's promises
   (2): sincerity of intentions
2a (1): belief and trust in and loyalty to God
   (2): belief in the traditional doctrines of a religion
b  (1): firm belief in something for which there is no proof
        ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
   (2): complete trust
3: something that is believed esp. with strong conviction; esp: a system 
   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
of religious beliefs
syn see BELIEF



One can never prove that God does or does not exist. When you say
that you believe God does not exist, and that this is an opinion
"based upon observation", I will have to ask "what observtions are
you refering to?" There are NO observations - pro or con - that
are valid here in establishing a POSITIVE belief. All observations
can only point you in a direction - a direction that we might even
be predisposed to (by predisposed I mean, for example, people whoes 
partents "believe in God" also tend to). To actually draw a conclusion
about the "existence" or "non-existence" of God requires a leap - and
you have made this leap when you actively say "I believe that God  
does/does not exist". Personally, I think that both statements are
misguided. Arguing over the "existence" of God is precisely the wrong way
to find Him (and yes, I use "Him" because a personal God is the only 
viable concept (IMO) - if a person wants to use "She" go ahead. Of course 
God is neither He nor She - but we have no choice but to 
anthropomorphise. If you want me to explain myself further I'll be 
glad to.) 



And please, if someone does not agree with me - even if they violently 
disagree - it's in no ones advantage to start name calling. If a person 
thinks I've misunderstood something in the FAQs, or if they they think 
I have not read them well enough, just point out to me the error of my 
ways and I correct the situation. I'm interested in a polite and well  
thought out discussion.








> Cheers
> 
> Simon
> -- 
> Simon Clippingdale                simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk
> Department of Computer Science    Tel (+44) 203 523296
> University of Warwick             FAX (+44) 203 525714
> Coventry CV4 7AL, U.K.

--
bob singleton
bobs@thnext.mit.edu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51154
From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
> More horrible deaths resulted from atheism than anything else.

There are definitely quite a few horrible deaths as the result of both
atheists AND theists.  I'm sure Bobby can list quite a few for the atheist
side but fails to recognize that the theists are equally proficient at
genocide.  Perhaps, since I'm a bit weak on history, somone here would like
to give a list of wars caused/led by theists?  I can think of a few (Hitler
claimed to be a Christian for example) but a more complete list would
probably be more effective in showing Bobby just how absurd his statement
is.

> Peace,

On a side note, I notice you always sign your posts "Peace".  Perhaps you
should take your own advice and leave the atheists in peace with their
beliefs?

> Bobby Mozumder

Nanci

.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
Lying to ourselves is more deeply ingrained than lying to others.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51155
From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: Dear Mr. Theist

west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:
> means to me.  The full quote (Michael Crichton, _Jurrasic_Park_) was 
> something like "The earth has existed quite contently for billions of 
> years.  We have been here but for the blink of an eye, and if we were gone
> tomorrow, the earth would not miss us.".  I remember this quote to keep
> myself humble when thinking that we have progressed so far or that we
> are masters of this planet.
  
Cool quote.

> The earth doesn't need saving, it's existed quite happily with-
> out us, we are the ones who need saving.

Better watch it.  The theists will jump on you for that... :-)

> Brian West.
> --
> THIS IS NOT A SIG FILE            *    -"To the Earth, we have been
> THIS IS NOT A SIG FILE            *     here but for the blink of an
> OK, SO IT'S A SIG FILE            *     eye, if we were gone tomorrow, 
> posted by west@wam.umd.edu        *     we would not be missed."-  
> who doesn't care who knows it.    *        (Jurassic Park) 
> ** DICLAIMER: I said this, I meant this, nobody made me do it.**

Nanci

.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
Lying to ourselves is more deeply ingrained than lying to others.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51156
From: mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?


My turn to jump in! :)

In article <1pi8h5INNq40@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>(reference line trimmed)
>
>livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>
>[...]
>
>>There is a good deal more confusion here.   You started off with the 
>>assertion that there was some "objective" morality, and as you admit
>>here, you finished up with a recursive definition.   Murder is 
>>"objectively" immoral, but eactly what is murder and what is not itself
>>requires an appeal to morality.
>

I think you mean circular, not recursive, but that is semantics.
Recursiveness has no problems, it is just horribly inefficient (just ask
any assembly programmer.)

>Yes.
>
>>Now you have switch targets a little, but only a little.   Now you are
>>asking what is the "goal"?   What do you mean by "goal?".   Are you
>>suggesting that there is some "objective" "goal" out there somewhere,
>>and we form our morals to achieve it?
>
>Well, for example, the goal of "natural" morality is the survival and
>propogation of the species.  Another example of a moral system is
>presented within the Declaration of Independence, which states that we
>should be guaranteed life liberty and the pursuit of happiness.  You see,
>to have a moral system, we must define the purpose of the system.  That is,
>we shall be moral unto what end?

The oft-quoted line that says people should be guaranteed life, liberty
and the pursuit of happiness as inalienable rights, is a complete lie
and deception, as the very authors of that line were in the process of
proving.  Liberty is never free, it is always purchased at some cost, 
almost always at the cost to another.  Whos liberty is more inalienable?
Similarly for right of life.  When one person must die if he is to save
another, or even a group of others, whos life is more inalienable?  
That leads into the classic question of the value of the death penalty, 
especially for serial killers.  Whos life and liberty is more valuable,
the serial killer, or the victim?  According to that beautiful line,
those two rights should be completely inviolate, that is, noone should be
able to remove them.  This _includes_ government.  Admittedly the serial
killer has restricted some people's life and/or liberty, but is not his
own life/liberty inviolate also?  According to the declaration of independence,
it is.

>>>Murder is certainly a violation of the golden rule.  And, I thought I had
>>>defined murder as an intentional killing of a non-murderer, against his will.

Oooh, I like that.  It means that killing an infant is not murder because
it cannot be against its will.  Reason, an infant has no will as such.

Similarly for people who are brain dead (easier to see), in a coma, etc.

Also, under current law, accidental killing is still murder.  How will you
include that?

>>>And you responded to this by asking whether or not the execution of an
>>>innocent person under our system of capital punishment was a murder or not.
>>>I fail to see what this has to do with anything.  I never claimed that our
>>>system of morality was an objective one.
>>I thought that was your very first claim.   That there was
>>some kind of "objective" morality, and that an example of that was
>>that murder is wrong.   If you don't want to claim that any more,
>>that's fine.

The only real golden rule in life is, he who has the gold, makes the
rules.  I.e. Might Makes Right.  That is survival.  Now what is wrong
with that?

>Well, murder violates the golen rule, which is certainly a pillar of most
>every moral system.  However, I am not assuming that our current system
>and the manner of its implementation are objectively moral.  I think that
>it is a very good approximation, but we can't be perfect.

If you mean the golden rule as I stated, yes, almost every system as
implemented has used that in reality.  Sorry, I don't deal as much in
fiction, as I do in reality.  

>>And by the way, you don't seem to understand the difference between
>>"arbitrary" and "objective".   If Keith Schneider "defines" murder
>>to be this that and the other, that's arbitrary.   Jon Livesey may
>>still say "Well, according to my personal system of morality, all
>>killing of humans against their will is murder, and wrong, and what
>>the legal definition of murder may be in the USA, Kuweit, Saudi
>>Arabia, or the PRC may be matters not a whit to me".

WELCOME TO OZLAND!!!!!!! :)

What is NOT arbitrary?  If you can find some part of society, some societal
rules, morals, etc. that are not arbitrary, please tell me.  I don't think
there are any.

>Well, "objective" would assume a system based on clear and fundamental
>concepts, while "arbitary" implies no clear line of reasoning.
>
>keith
Sounds like euphemisms to me.  The difference seems to be, that objective
is some reasoning that I like, while arbitrary is some reasoning that
I don't like OR don't understand. 

M^2



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51157
Subject: Re: Radical Agnostic... NOT!
From: zazen@austin.ibm.com (E. H. Welbon)

The One and Only (jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu) wrote:
: In article <dl2021-310393180711@m249-66.bgsu.edu> dl2021@andy.bgsu.edu (Pixie) writes:
: [first post I've seen from the ol' Bug-Zoo (BGSU)]
: >     There is no means that i can possibly think of to prove beyond doubt
: >that a god does not exist (but if anyone has one, by all means, tell me
: >what it is).  Therefore, lacking this ability of absolute proof, being an
: >atheist becomes an act of faith in and of itself, and this I cannot accept.
: > I accept nothing on blind faith.

: Invisible Pink Flying Unicorns!  Need I say more?

There is also the question of what is meant by "atheist".  A familiar
example of the importance of the meaning of the word is as follows.

The two statements following ARE consistent:

(1) I do not believe that you are wearing lilac socks
(2) I do not believe that you are are not wearing lilac socks

The two statements following are NOT consistent:

(3) I do believe that you are wearing lilac socks
(4) I do believe that you are are not wearing lilac socks

Statements (1) and (2) require no faith, they make no presumptions about
the nature of reality.  Statements (3) and (4) require belief.  Many
atheists (myself included) take the following position:

(5) I do not believe that there is a god.
(6) I do not believe that there is not a god.

That is , I harbor no beliefs at all, there is no good evidence
for god existing or not.  Some folks call this agnosticism.  It does not
suffer from "blind faith" at all.  I think of it as "Don't worry, be happy".

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51158
Subject: So what is Maddi?
From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)

As I was created in the image of Gaea, therefore I must
be the pinnacle of creation, She which Creates, She which
Births, She which Continues.

Or, to cut all the religious crap, I'm a woman, thanks.
And it's sexism that started me on the road to atheism.

-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51159
Subject: Re: The wrong and the right.
From: bdunn@cco.caltech.edu (Brendan Dunn)

In article <93090.141001E62763@TRMETU.BITNET> <E62763@TRMETU.BITNET> writes:
>Hi.I'm a Turkish guy who had tried atheism,satenism and buddism at some instant
>s of hislife.Finally I decided on Islambecause of many facts which I intend to
> write here.From my point of view,you atheists are people who has dropped to a
>deep,dark well and thinking the only reality is the dusty walls of the well.But
> if you had looked a little bit upward you would see the blue skies.You'dsee t
>he truth but you close your eyes.Allah is the only GOD and Mohammed is his mess
> ager.now,let's generate some entropy in means of theology and thermodynamics.W
>hat's your point of view to the problem of the ''FIRST KISS''?That is,the first
> spark which was generated for the formation of the universe.Has it formed by i
>tself?You are bothering yourselves with the Big Bang but where is the first spa
>rk?Please think a bit.Think and return to the only reality of the universe:ISLA
>M|

Uh oh.  This looks a bit too much like Bobby's "Atheism Is False" stuff.  Are
we really going to have to go through this again?  Maybe the universe is
cyclical!  :)  :(







--Brendan Dunn

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51160
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)

bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>  And in the US, even that argument doesn't stand.  It costs far
>  more to execute a criminal in this country than it does to feed,
>  clothe, and shelter them for the remainder of their natural life.
>  Some people believe this is a fault of our judicial system.  I
>  find it to be one of it's greatest virtues.

I assume that you are talking about the appeals processes, etc.?
Well, it should be noted that people who are imprisoned for life
will also tend to appeal (though not quite as much in the "final
hours."

Anyway, economics is not a very good reason to either favor or oppose
the punishment.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51161
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution
From: lmh@juliet.caltech.edu (Henling, Lawrence M.)

In article <1APR199313404295@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu<, lippard@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard) writes...
<In article <31MAR199321091163@juliet.caltech.edu<, lmh@juliet.caltech.edu (Henling, Lawrence M.) writes...
<<Atheism (Greek 'a' not + 'theos' god)  Belief that there is no god.
<<Agnosticism (Greek 'a' not + ~ 'gnostein ?' know) Belief that it is
<<  not possible to determine if there is a god.

<No.  Agnosticism as you have here defined it is a positive belief--a
<belief that it is not possible to determine the existence of any gods.
<That's a belief I'm inclined to reject.  You have also defined atheism
<here as a positive belief--that there is no god.  A fairly large number
<of atheists on alt.atheism reject this definition, instead holding that
<atheism is simply the absence of belief in a god.  Michael Martin, in
<_Atheism: A Philosophical Justification_, distinguishes strong atheism

 My mistake. I will have to get a newer dictionary and read the 
follow up line.

larry henling   lmh@shakes.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51162
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

(reference line trimmed)

SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (SCOTT D. SAUYET) writes:

>First, I'll make the assumption that you agree that a murderer is one
>who has commited murder.

Well, I'd say that a murderer is one who intentionally committed a murder.
For instance, if you put a bullet into a gun that was thought to contain
blanks, and someone was killed with such a gun, the person who actually
performed the action isn't the murderer (but I guess this is actually made
clear in the below definition).

>I'd be interested to see a more reasonable definition. 

What do you mean by "reasonable?"

>Otherwise, your inductive definition doesn't bottom out:
>Your definition, in essence, is that
>>Murder is the intentional killing of someone who has not commited 
>>murder, against his will.
>Expanding the second occurence of `murder' in the above, we see that
[...]

Yes, it is bad to include the word being defined in the definition.  But,
even though the series is recursively infinite, I think the meaning can
still be deduced.

>I assume you can see the problem here.  To do a correct inductive
>definition, you must define something in terms of a simpler case, and
>you must have one or several "bottoming out" cases.  For instance, we
>can define the factorial function (the function which assigns to a
>positive integer the product of the positive integers less than or
>equal to it) on the positive integers inductively as follows:

[math lesson deleted]

Okay, let's look at this situation:  suppose there is a longstanding
feud between two families which claim that the other committed some
travesty in the distant past.  Each time a member of the one family
kills a member of the other, the other family thinks that it is justified
in killing a that member of the first family.  Now, let's suppose that this
sequence has occurred an infinite number of times.  Or, if you don't
like dealing with infinities, suppose that one member of the family
goes back into time and essentially begins the whole thing.  That is, there
is a never-ending loop of slayings based on some non-existent travesty.
How do you resolve this?

Well, they are all murders.

Now, I suppose that this isn't totally applicable to your "problem," but
it still is possible to reduce an uninduced system.

And, in any case, the nested "murderer" in the definition of murder
cannot be infintely recursive, given the finite existence of humanity.
And, a murder cannot be committed without a killing involved.  So, the
first person to intentionally cause someone to get killed is necessarily
a murderer.  Is this enough of an induction to solve the apparently
unreducable definition?  See, in a totally objective system where all the
information is available, such a nested definition isn't really a problem.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51163
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1pigidINNsot@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:

>mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>>As for rape, surely there the burden of guilt is solely on the rapist?
>
>Not so.  If you are thrown into a cage with a tiger and get mauled, do you
>blame the tiger?

	A human has greater control over his/her actions, than a 
predominately instictive tiger.

	A proper analogy would be:

	If you are thrown into a cage with a person and get mauled, do you 
blame that person?

	Yes. [ providing that that person was in a responsible frame of 
mind, eg not clinicaly insane, on PCB's, etc. ]

---

        "One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that 
        say "Mom", because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more 
        virile men."

        Bobby Mozumder  ( snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu )
        April 4, 1993

        The one TRUE Muslim left in the world. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51164
From: mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Idle questions for fellow atheists

In article <1993Apr5.124216.4374@mac.cc.macalstr.edu> acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu writes:
>
>I wonder how many atheists out there care to speculate on the face of the world
>if atheists were the majority rather than the minority group of the population. 

Probably we would have much the same problems with only a slight shift in
emphasis.  Weekends might not be so inviolate (more common to work 7 days
a week in a business), and instead of American Atheists, we would have
similar, religious organizations.  A persons religious belief seems more
as a crutch and justification for actions than a guide to determine actions.
Of course, people would have to come up with more fascinating 
rationalizations for their actions, but that could be fun to watch...

It seems to me, that for most people, religion in America doesn't matter
that much.  You have extreemists on both ends, but a large majority don't
make too much of an issue about it as long as you don't.  Now, admittedly,
I have never had to suffer the "Bible Belt", but I am just north of it
and see the fringes, and the reasonable people in most things tend to be
reasonable in religion as well.  


>Also, how many atheists out there would actually take the stance and accor a
>higher value to their way of thinking over the theistic way of thinking.  The
>typical selfish argument would be that both lines of thinking evolved from the
>same inherent motivation, so one is not, intrinsically, different from the
>other, qualitatively.  But then again a measuring stick must be drawn
>somewhere, and if we cannot assign value to a system of beliefs at its core,
>than the only other alternative is to apply it to its periphery; ie, how it
>expresses its own selfishness.
>

I don't bother according a higher value to my thinking, or just about
anybodys thinking.  I don't want to fall in that trap.  Because if you 
do start that, then you are then to decide which is better, says whom,
why, is there a best, and also what to do about those who have inferior
modes of thinking.  IDIC  (Infinite Diversity in Infinite Combinations.)
I'll argue it over a soda, but not over much more.

Just my $.12  (What inflation has done...)

M^2



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51165
From: trajan@cwis.unomaha.edu (Stephen McIntyre)
Subject: Re: The Problem of Satan (used to be: islamic authority over women)

In article <1993Apr5.165233.1007@news.unomaha.edu> trajan@cwis.unomaha.edu 
     (Stephen McIntyre) writes:

> Of course, Bobby then states that Satan has no free will, that
>    he does as God wants him to.  This brings up a host of
>    paradoxes:  is God therefore evil; do I have free will
>    or is God directing me also; if God is evil, which part
>    of his infinite self is good and which is evil; etc.?

> I would like for once a solid answer, not a run-about.

# I hope I gave you a fairly solid answer to this one: I simply don't agree
# with the embodied version of a Satan who is a separate creation or a force.
# I wrote:

>> The belief to which I ascribe is that evil is not a creation;
>> rather, it is "the absence of good."  This fits with all the
>> logic about things having dual use: e.g., a knife can be used
>> to sculpt and it can be used to kill.  Like entropy, evil is
>> seen in this view as neither force nor entity.  Satan is,
>> therefore, metaphorical.  In fact, there are several verses
>> of the Holy Qur'an which appear to support this view and several
>> Traditions as well.
>
>> For example, there is a Tradition that food should never be left open
>> on a shelf or table overnight, lest "Satan" enter it.  It appears
>> that this is a reference to as yet undiscovered germs; thus, the
>> evil effect of spoiled food is described as "Satan."

>But there are many examples of Satan personified.  Which am I
>     to believe?

# And there are quite physical descriptions of Heaven and Hell in the
# Holy Qur'an, the Bible, etc.  There have been times in the spiritual
# and intellectual evolution of the modern human when these physical
# descriptions of Heaven, Hell, and Satan were taken quite literally
# and that *worked* for the time.  As I mentioned in the Tradition
# cited above, for example, it was sufficient in the absence of a theory
# about germs and disease spread by worms to simply describe the "evil"
# which was passed to a consumer of spoiled food as "satanic."

     Which begs the question: if Satan in this case is
     metaphorical, how can you be certain Allah is not
     the same way?

# The bottom line here, however, is that describing a spiritual plane
# in human language is something like describing "color" to a person
# who has been blind from birth.  You may want to read the book
# FLATLAND (if you haven't already) or THE DRAGON'S EGG.  The first
# is intended as a light hearted description of a mathematical con-
# cept...

[some deleted for space saving]

# When language fails because it cannot be used to adequately describe
# another dimension which cannot be experienced by the speakers, then
# such conventions as metaphor, allegory, and the like come to be
# necessary.  The "unseen" is described in terms which have reference`
# and meaning for the reader/listener.  But, like all models, a compro-
# mise must be made when speaking metaphorically: clarity and directness
# of meaning, equivalence of perception, and the like are all
# crippled.  But what else can you do?

     This is why I asked the above.  How would you then
     know God exists as a spirit or being rather than
     just being metaphorical?  I mean, it's okay to say
     "well, Satan is just metaphorical," but then you
     have to justify this belief AND justify that God is
     not some metaphor for something else.

     I say this because there are many, many instances of
     Satan described as a being (such as the tormentor in 
     the Old Testament book of Job, or the temptor in the
     New Testament Gospels).  In the same way, God too is
     described as a being (or spirit.)  How am I to know
     one is metaphorical and not the other.

     Further, belief in God isn't a bar to evil.  Let's
     consider the case of Satanists: even if Satan were
     metaphorical, the Satanist would have to believe
     in God to justify this belief.  Again, we have a 
     case where someone does believe in God, but by
     religious standards, they are "evil."  If Bobby
     does see this, let him address this question also.

[deleted some more on "metaphor"]

>> Obviously more philosophizing on this issue is possible, but I'm
>> not sure that the readers of this newsgroup would want to delve
>> into religious interpretation further.  However, if anyone wishes
>> to discuss this, I'm certainly willing (either off line - e-mail - or
>> on line - posting).

Stephen

    _/_/_/_/  _/_/_/_/   _/       _/    * Atheist
   _/        _/    _/   _/ _/ _/ _/     * Libertarian
  _/_/_/_/  _/_/_/_/   _/   _/  _/      * Pro-individuality
       _/  _/     _/  _/       _/       * Pro-responsibility
_/_/_/_/  _/      _/ _/       _/ Jr.    * and all that jazz...


-- 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51169
From: jvigneau@cs.ulowell.edu (Joe Vigneau)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <1pmjo8INN2l0@lynx.unm.edu> bevans@carina.unm.edu (Mathemagician) writes:

   Just what do gay people do that straight people don't?

Absolutely nothing.

I'm a VERY straight(as an arrow), 17-year old male that is involved in the BSA.

I don't care what gay people do among each other, as long as they don't make
passes at me or anything.  At my summer camp where I work, my boss is gay.
Not in a 'pansy' way of gay (I know a few), but just 'one of the guys'.
He doesn't push anything on me, and we give him the same respect back, due
to his position.

If anything, the BSA has taught me, I don't know, tolerance or something.
Before I met this guy, I thought all gays were 'faries'.  So, the BSA HAS
taught me to be an antibigot.

Basically, It comes down to this: What you do among yourself is your own
business. No one else has the right to tell you otherwise, unless it
violates someone else's civil rights.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51170
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating
From: p00261@psilink.com (Robert Knowles)

>DATE:   Mon, 5 Apr 1993 16:30:50 GMT
>FROM:   Stilgar <west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu>
>
>In article <kmr4.1422.733983061@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M.  
>Ryan) writes:
>> In article <1993Apr5.025924.11361@wam.umd.edu>  
>west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:
>> 
>> >THE ILLIAD IS THE UNDISPUTED WORD OF GOD(tm)    *prove me wrong*
>> 
>> 	I dispute it.
>> 
>> 	Ergo: by counter-example: you are proven wrong.
>
>	I dispute your counter-example
>
>	Ergo: by counter-counter-example: you are wrong and
>	I am right so nanny-nanny-boo-boo TBBBBBBBTTTTTTHHHHH
>			8^p
>

This looks like a serious case of temporary Islam. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51171
Subject: A word of advice
From: jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only)

In article <65882@mimsy.umd.edu> mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
>
>I've said enough times that there is no "alternative" that should think you
>might have caught on by now.  And there is no "alternative", but the point
>is, "rationality" isn't an alternative either.  The problems of metaphysical
>and religious knowledge are unsolvable-- or I should say, humans cannot
>solve them.

How does that saying go: Those who say it can't be done shouldn't interrupt
those who are doing it.

Jim
--
Have you washed your brain today?

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51172
From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: Concerning God's Morality (long)


jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
> > Sorry, but there are no supernatural
> > forces necessary to create a pathogen.  You are saying, "Since
> > diseases are bad, the bad entity must have created it."  So
> > what would you say about acid rain, meteors falling from the
> > sky, volcanoes, earthquakes, and other QUOTE UNQUOTE "Acts
> > of God?" 
> 
> I would say that they are not "acts of God" but natural
> occurrences.

It amazes me that you have the audacity to say that human creation was not
the result of the natural process of evolution (but rather an "act of God")
and then in the same post say that these other processes (volcanos et al.)
are natural occurrences.  Who gave YOU the right to choose what things are
natural processes and what are direct acts of God?  How do you know that
God doesn't cause each and every natural disaster with a specific purpose
in mind?  It would certainly go along with the sadistic nature I've seen in
the bible.

> >>Even if Satan had nothing to do with the original inception of
> >>disease, evolution by random chance would have produced them since
> >>humanity forsook God's protection.  If we choose to live apart from
> >>God's law (humanity collectively), then it should come as no surprise
> >>that there are adverse consequences to our (collective) action.  One
> >>of these is that we are left to deal with disease and disorders which
> >>inevitably result in an entropic universe.
> > 
> > May I ask, where is this 'collective' bullcrap coming from? 
>
> By "collective" I was referring to the idea that God works with
> humanity on two levels, individually and collectively.  If mankind
> as a whole decides to undertake a certain action (the majority of
> mankind), then God will allow the consequences of that action to
> affect mankind as a whole.

Adam & Eve (TWO PEOPLE), even tho they had the honor (or so you christians
claim) of being the first two, definitely do NOT represent a majority in
the billions and trillions (probably more) of people that have come after
them.  Perhaps they were the majority then, but *I* (and YOU) weren't
around to vote, and perhaps we might have voted differently about what to
do with that tree.  But your god never asked us.  He just assumes that if
you have two bad people then they ALL must be bad.  Hmm.  Sounds like the
same kind of false generalization that I see many of the theists posting
here resorting to.  So THAT's where they get it... shoulda known.

> Jim B.

Nanci

.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
Lying to ourselves is more deeply ingrained than lying to others.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51173
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)

In article <1993Apr5.023044.19580@ultb.isc.rit.edu) snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
)
)That's your mistake.  It would be better for the children if the mother
)raised the child.
)
)One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that say "Mom",
)because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more virile men.
)Compare that with how homos are raised.  Do a study and you will get my
)point.
)
)But in no way do you have a claim that it would be better if the men
)stayed home and raised the child.  That is something false made up by
)feminists that seek a status above men.  You do not recognize the fact
)that men and women have natural differences.  Not just physically, but
)mentally also.
) [...]
)Your logic.  I didn't say americans were the cause of worlds problems, I
)said atheists.
) [...]
)Becuase they have no code of ethics to follow, which means that atheists
)can do whatever they want which they feel is right.  Something totally
)based on their feelings and those feelings cloud their rational
)thinking.
) [...]
)Yeah.  I didn't say that all atheists are bad, but that they could be
)bad or good, with nothing to define bad or good.
)

  Awright!  Bobby's back, in all of his shit-for-brains glory.  Just
  when I thought he'd turned the corner of progress, his Thorazine
  prescription runs out.  

  I'd put him in my kill file, but man, this is good stuff.  I wish
  I had his staying power.

  Fortunately, I learned not to take him too seriously long,long,long
  ago.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51174
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)

In article <1993Apr5.024626.19942@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
>
>Peace,

  Bobby:

  Get this the hell out of your .sig until you 1) learn what it
  stands for and 2) really mean it.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51175
Subject: Omnipotence (was Re: Speculations)
From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com

In article <2942949719.2.p00261@psilink.com>, "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
>>DATE:   Fri, 2 Apr 1993 23:02:22 -0500
>>FROM:   Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
>>
>>
>>> > 3. Can god uncreate itself?
>>> 
>>> No.  For if He did, He would violate His own nature which He cannot do.
>>> It is God's nature to Exist.  He is, after all, the "I AM" which is
>>> a statement of His inherent Existence.  He is existence itself.
>>> Existence cannot "not-exist".
>>
>>Then, as mentioned above, he must not be very omnipotent.
>>

What do you mean by omnipotent here?  Do you mean by "omnipotent"
that God should be able to do anything/everything?  This creates
a self-contradictory definition of omnipotence which is effectively
useless.

To be descriptive, omnipotence must mean "being all-powerful" and
not "being able to do anything/everything".

Let me illustrate by analogy.
Suppose the United States were the only nuclear power on earth.  Suppose
further that the US military could not effectively be countered by any
nation or group of nations.  The US has the power to go into any country
at any time for any reason to straighten things out as the leaders of the
US see fit.  The US would be militarily "omnipotent".

But suppose further that the US holds to a doctrine/philosophy of not
interfering in the internal affairs of any nation, such as the current
civil war in the former Yugoslavian states.

Technically (in this scenario) the US would have the power to 
unilaterally go into Yugoslavia and straighten out the mess.  But
effectively the US could not intervene without violating its own policy 
of non-interference.  If the policy of non-interference were held to
strongly enough, then there would never be a question that it would
ever be violated.  Effectively, the US would be limited in what it
could actually do, although it had the power to do "whatever it wanted".
The US would simply "never want to interfere" for such an idea would
be beyond the consideration of its leaders given such an inviolate
non-interference policy.

God is effectively limited in the same sense.  He is all powerful, but
He cannot use His power in a way that would violate the essence of what
He, Himself is.

I hope this helps to clear up some of the misunderstanding concerning
omnipotence.

Regards,

Jim B.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51176
Subject: Re: Islamic marriage?
From: karner@austin.ibm.com (F. Karner)


In article <1993Apr2.103237.4627@Cadence.COM>, mas@Cadence.COM (Masud Khan) writes:
> In article <C4qAv2.24wG@austin.ibm.com> karner@austin.ibm.com (F. Karner) writes:
> >
> >Okay.  So you want me to name names?  There are obviously no official
> >records of these pseudo-marriages because they are performed for
> >convenience.  What happens typically is that the woman is willing to move
> >in with her lover without any scruples or legal contracts to speak of. 
> >The man is merely utilizing a loophole by entering into a temporary
> >religious "marriage" contract in order to have sex.  Nobody complains,
> >nobody cares, nobody needs to know.
> >
> >Perhaps you should alert your imam.  It could be that this practice is
> >far more widespread than you may think.  Or maybe it takes 4 muslim men
> >to witness the penetration to decide if the practice exists!
> >-- 
> >
> 
> Again you astound me with the level of ignorance you display, Muslims
> are NOT allowed to enter temporary marriages, got that? There is
> no evidence for it it an outlawed practise so get your facts 
> straight buddy. Give me references for it or just tell everyone you
> were lying. It is not a widespread as you may think (fantasise) in
> fact contrary to your fantasies it is not practised at all amongst
> Muslims.

First of all, I'm not your buddy!  Second, read what I wrote.  I'm not
talking about what muslims are ALLOWED to do, merely what *SOME*
practice.  They consider themselves as muslim as you, so don't retort
with the old and tired "they MUST NOT BE TRUE MUSLIMS" bullshit.  If I
gave you the names what will you do with this information?  Is a fatwa
going to be leashed out against the perpetrators?  Do you honestly think
that someone who did it would voluntarily come forward and confess? 
With the kind of extremism shown by your co-religionaries?  Fat chance.

At any rate, there can be no conclusive "proof" by the very nature of
the act.  Perhaps people that indulge in this practice agree with you in
theory, but hope that Allah will forgive them in the end.

I think it's rather arrogant of you to pretend to speak for all muslims
in this regard.  Also, kind of silly.  Are you insinuating that because
the Koranic law forbids it, there are no criminals in muslim countries? 

This is as far as I care to go on this subject.  The weakness of your
arguments are for all netters to see.  Over and out...
-- 

         DISCLAIMER: The opinions expressed in this posting are mine
            solely and do not represent my employer in any way.
       F. A. Karner AIX Technical Support | karner@austin.vnet.ibm.com

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51177
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1pi8h5INNq40@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> (reference line trimmed)
|> 
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> [...]
|> 
|> >There is a good deal more confusion here.   You started off with the 
|> >assertion that there was some "objective" morality, and as you admit
|> >here, you finished up with a recursive definition.   Murder is 
|> >"objectively" immoral, but eactly what is murder and what is not itself
|> >requires an appeal to morality.
|> 
|> Yes.
|> 
|> >Now you have switch targets a little, but only a little.   Now you are
|> >asking what is the "goal"?   What do you mean by "goal?".   Are you
|> >suggesting that there is some "objective" "goal" out there somewhere,
|> >and we form our morals to achieve it?
|> 
|> Well, for example, the goal of "natural" morality is the survival and
|> propogation of the species. 


I got just this far.   What do you mean by "goal"?    I hope you
don't mean to imply that evolution has a conscious "goal".

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51178
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1pic4lINNrau@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
|> 
|> >My personal objection is that I find capital punishment to be
|> >cruel and unusual punishment under all circumstances.
|> 
|> It can be painless, so it isn't cruel.  And, it has occurred frequently
|> since the dawn of time, so it is hardly unusual.

Koff!  You mean that as long as I put you to sleep first,
I can kill you without being cruel?

This changes everything.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51179
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1pieg7INNs09@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >Now along comes Mr Keith Schneider and says "Here is an "objective
|> >moral system".  And then I start to ask him about the definitions
|> >that this "objective" system depends on, and, predictably, the whole
|> >thing falls apart.
|> 
|> It only falls apart if you attempt to apply it.  This doesn't mean that
|> an objective system can't exist.  It just means that one cannot be
|> implemented.

It's not the fact that it can't exist that bothers me.   It's 
the fact that you don't seem to be able to define it.

If I wanted to hear about indefinable things that might in
principle exist as long as you don't think about them too
carefully, I could ask a religious person, now couldn't I?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51180
Subject: Re: >>>>>>Pompous ass
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1pi9btINNqa5@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
|> 
|> >>Then why do people keep asking the same questions over and over?
|> >Because you rarely ever answer them.
|> 
|> Nope, I've answered each question posed, and most were answered multiple
|> times.

	He:   Fifty dollars if I can't answer your question.

	She:  What is the Big Bang theory.

	He:   The Big Bang theory is a recipe for cookies.

	She:  Fifty dollars, please.

	He:   Hey, I didn't say the answers would make sense.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51181
Subject: Re: >>>>>>Pompous ass
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)

In article <1pi9jkINNqe2@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >>>How long does it [the motto] have to stay around before it becomes the
|> >>>default?  ...  Where's the cutoff point? 
|> >>I don't know where the exact cutoff is, but it is at least after a few
|> >>years, and surely after 40 years.
|> >Why does the notion of default not take into account changes
|> >in population makeup?     
|> 
|> Specifically, which changes are you talking about?  Are you arguing
|> that the motto is interpreted as offensive by a larger portion of the
|> population now than 40 years ago?

No, do I have to?    I'm just commenting that it makes very
little sense to consider everything we inherit to be the default.

Seen any steam trains recently?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51182
Subject: Re: Concerning God's Morality (long)
From: J5J@psuvm.psu.edu (John A. Johnson)

In article <1993Apr5.084042.822@batman.bmd.trw.com>, jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
responds to a lot of grief given to him
>In article <1993Apr3.095220.24632@leland.Stanford.EDU>,
>galahad@leland.Stanford.EDU (Scott Compton)
a.k.a. "The Sagemaster"
[ . . .]
>But then I ask, So?  Where is this relevant to my discussion in
>answering John's question of why?  Why are there genetic diseases,
>and why are there so many bacterial and viral diseases which require
>babies to develop antibodies.  Is it God's fault? (the original
>question) -- I say no, it is not.

Most of Scotty's followup *was* irrelevant to the original question,
but this is not unusual, as threads often quickly evolve away from
the original topic.  What I could not understand is why Jim spent so
much time responding to what he regarded as irrelevancies.

[ . . . ]
>> May I ask, where is this 'collective' bullcrap coming from?
[ . . . ]
>
>By "collective" I was referring to the idea that God works with
>humanity on two levels, individually and collectively.  If mankind
>as a whole decides to undertake a certain action (the majority of
>mankind),

Well, I guess hypothetical Adam was "the majority of mankind"
seeing how he was the ONLY man at the time.

>then God will allow the consequences of that action to
>affect mankind as a whole.  If you didn't understand that, then I
>apologize for not using one and two syllable words in my discussion.

I understand what you mean by "collective," but I think it is an
insane perversion of justice.  What sort of judge would punish the
descendants for a crime committed by their ancestor?

>If you want to be sure that I read your post and to provide a
>response, send a copy to Jim_Brown@oz.bmd.trw.com.  I can't read
>a.a. every day, and some posts slip by.  Thanks.

Well, I must admit that you probably read a.a. more often than I read
the Bible these days.  But you missed a couple of good followups to
your post.  I'm sending you a personal copy of my followup which I
hope you will respond to publically in a.a.

John
The Sageless

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51183
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Jews can't hide from keith@cco.

In article <1993Apr3.071823.13253@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
|> In article <1pj2b6$aaa@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> >In article <1993Apr3.033446.10669@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
|> >|>Er, Jon, what Ken said was:
|> >|> 
|> >|> There have previously been people like you in your country.  Unfortunately,
|> >|>                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
|> >|> most Jews did not survive.
|> >|> 
|> >|>That sure sounds to me like Ken is accusing the guy of being a Nazi.
|> >

[my previous posting deleted]

|> 
|> Yes, yes.  This is a perfectly fine rant, and I agree with it completely.
|> But what does it have to do with anything?  The issue at hand here
|> is whether or not Ken accused the fellow from Germany of being a
|> Nazi.  I grant that he did not explicity make this accusation, but
|> he came pretty damn close.  He is certainly accusing the guy of
|> sympathizing with those who would like to exterminate the Jews, and
|> that's good enough for me.

The poster casually trashed two thousand years of Jewish history, and 
Ken replied that there had previously been people like him in Germany.

That's right.   There have been.    There have also been people who
were formally Nazis.   But the Nazi party would have gone nowhere
without the active and tacit support of the ordinary man in the
street who behaved as though casual anti-semitism was perfectly
acceptable.

Now what exactly don't you understand about what I wrote, and why
don't you see what it has to do with the matter at hand?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51184
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Jews can't hide from keith@cco.

In article <1993Apr3.153552.4334@mac.cc.macalstr.edu>, acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu writes:
|> In article <1pint5$1l4@fido.asd.sgi.com>, livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes
>
> Well, Germany was hardly the ONLY country to discriminate against the 
> Jews, although it has the worst reputation because it did the best job 
> of expressing a general European dislike of them.  This should not turn 
> into a debate on antisemitism, but you should also point out that Luther's
>  antiSemitism was based on religious grounds, while Hitler's was on racial 
> grounds, and Wagnmer's on aesthetic grounds.  Just blanketing the whole 
> group is poor analysis, even if they all are bigots.

I find these to be intriguing remarks.   Could you give us a bit
more explanation here?   For example, which religion is anti-semitic,
and which aesthetic?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51185
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr3.100039.15879@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
|> In <1p8ivt$cfj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >Should we British go around blowing up skyscrapers next?
|> 
|> I don't know if you are doing so, but it seems you are implying 
|> (1) that the person accused of blowing up the WTC in NY actually did it,
|> and
|> (2) that Islamic teachings have something to do with blowing up the WTC.

I was replying to a person who attempted to justify the fatwa
against Rushdie on the grounds that his work was intentionally
insulting. 

I think that to take a single sentence from a fairly long
posting, and to say 

	"I don't know if you are doing so, but it 
	seems you are implying....."

is at the very best quite disingenuous, and perhaps even
dishonest.    If anyone care to dig back and read the full
posting, they will see nothing of the kind.

I trust you don't deny that Islamic teaching has "something
to do" with the fatwa against Rushdie?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51186
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <114127@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> 
|> I don't understand the point of this petty sarcasm. It is a basic 
|> principle of Islam that if one is born muslim or one says "I testify
|> that there is no god but God and Mohammad is a prophet of God" that,
|> so long as one does not explicitly reject Islam by word then one _must_
|> be considered muslim by all muslims. So the phenomenon you're attempting
|> to make into a general rule or psychology is a direct odds with basic
|> Islamic principles. If you want to attack Islam you could do better than
|> than to argue against something that Islam explicitly contradicts.

Then Mr Mozumder is incorrect when he says that when committing
bad acts, people temporarily become atheists?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51187
From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

>If Saddam believed in God, he would pray five times a
>day.
>
>Communism, on the other hand, actually committed genocide in the name of
>atheism, as Lenin and Stalin have said themselves.  These two were die
>hard atheist (Look! A pun!) and believed in atheism as an integral part
>of communism.

No, Bobby.  Stalin killed millions in the name of Socialism.  Atheism was a
characteristic of the Lenin-Stalin version of Socialism, nothing more.
Another characteristic of Lenin-Stalin Socialism was the centralization of
food distribution.  Would you therefore say that Stalin and Lenin killed
millions in the name of rationing bread?  Of course not.


>More horrible deaths resulted from atheism than anything else.

In earlier posts you stated that true (Muslim) believers were incapable of
evil.  I suppose if you believe that, you could reason that no one has ever
been killed in the name of religion.  What a perfect world you live in,
Bobby.  


>One of the reasons that you are atheist is that you limit God by giving
>God a form.  God does not have a "face".

Bobby is referring to a rather obscure law in _The Good Atheist's 
Handbook_:

Law XXVI.A.3: Give that which you do not believe in a face.  

You must excuse us, Bobby.  When we argue against theism, we usually argue
against the Christian idea of God.  In the realm of Christianity, man was
created in God's image.  

-- 
|""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""|
| Kevin Marshall                         Sophomore, Computer Science |
| Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA  USA     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu  |
|____________________________________________________________________|

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51188
From: cfairman@leland.Stanford.EDU (Carolyn Jean Fairman)
Subject: Re: *** The list of Biblical contradictions

joslin@pogo.isp.pitt.edu (David Joslin) writes:

>Someone writes:
>>I found a list of Biblical contradictions and cleaned it up a bit,
>>but now I'd like some help with it.

>I'm curious to know what purpose people think these lists serve.

It's about time.  Why do atheists spend so much time paying attention
to the bible, anyway?

Face it, there are better things to do with your life!  I used to
chuckle and snort over the silliness in that book and the absurdity
of people believing in it as truth, etc.  Why do we spend so little
time on the Mayan religion, or the Native Americans?  Heck, the Native
Americans have signifigantly more interesting myths.  Also, what
about the Egyptians.

I think we pay so much attention to Christianity because we accept
it as a _religion_ and not a mythology, which I find more accurate.


I try to be tolerant.  It gets very hard when someone places a book
under my nose and tells me it's special.  It's not.

Carolyn

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51189
From: suopanki@stekt6.oulu.fi (Heikki T. Suopanki)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

>>>>> On 5 Apr 93 11:24:30 MST, jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com said:

:> God is eternal.    [A = B]
:> Jesus is God.      [C = A]
:> Therefore, Jesus is eternal.  [C = B]

:> This works both logically and mathematically.  God is of the set of
:> things which are eternal.  Jesus is a subset of God.   Therefore
:> Jesus belongs to the set of things which are eternal.

Everything isn't always so logical....

Mercedes is a car.
That girl is Mercedes.
Therefore, that girl is a car?

-Heikki

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51190
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <930404.111651.1K0.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew@mantis.co.uk (mathew) writes:
|> In article <1993Apr2.065230.18676@blaze.cs.jhu.edu>
|> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
|> >The "automobile system" kills non-driving passengers, not to mention
|> >pedestrians.  You need not drive or even use a car to be killed by one.
|> 
|> Indeed, and it kills far more than a system of public transport would.  I am
|> therefore entirely in favour of banning private cars and replacing them with
|> trains, buses, taxis, bicycles, and so on.

Seconded.   I cycle to work each day, and if we could just get
those damned cars and their cretinous drivers off the road, it
would be a lot more fun.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51191
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <930404.112127.2h6.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew@mantis.co.uk (mathew) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> >                                      And we, meaning people who drive,
|> > accept the risks of doing so, and contribute tax money to design systems
|> > to minimize those risks.
|> 
|> Eh?  We already have systems to minimize those risks.  It's just that you car
|> drivers don't want to use them.
|> 
|> They're called bicycles, trains and buses.

Poor Matthew.   A million posters to call "you car drivers" and he
chooses me, a non car owner.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51192
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Omnipotence (was Re: Speculations)

In article <1993Apr5.171143.828@batman.bmd.trw.com>, jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
|> In article <2942949719.2.p00261@psilink.com>, "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
|> >>DATE:   Fri, 2 Apr 1993 23:02:22 -0500
|> >>FROM:   Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
|> >>
|> >>
|> >>> > 3. Can god uncreate itself?
|> >>> 
|> >>> No.  For if He did, He would violate His own nature which He cannot do.
|> >>> It is God's nature to Exist.  He is, after all, the "I AM" which is
|> >>> a statement of His inherent Existence.  He is existence itself.
|> >>> Existence cannot "not-exist".
|> >>
|> >>Then, as mentioned above, he must not be very omnipotent.
|> >>
|> 
|> What do you mean by omnipotent here?  Do you mean by "omnipotent"
|> that God should be able to do anything/everything?  This creates
|> a self-contradictory definition of omnipotence which is effectively
|> useless.
|> 
|> To be descriptive, omnipotence must mean "being all-powerful" and
|> not "being able to do anything/everything".
|> 
|> Let me illustrate by analogy.
|> Suppose the United States were the only nuclear power on earth.  Suppose
|> further that the US military could not effectively be countered by any
|> nation or group of nations.  The US has the power to go into any country
|> at any time for any reason to straighten things out as the leaders of the
|> US see fit.  The US would be militarily "omnipotent".

Did you check with the Afghans before posting this?   They
might disagree.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51193
From: ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au (Jeffrey Clark)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:

>Nanci Ann Miller writes:

>>My favorite reply to the "you are being too literal-minded" complaint is
>>that if the bible is really inspired by God and if it is really THAT
>>important to him, then he would make damn certain all the translators and
>>scribes and people interpreting and copying it were getting it right,
>>literally.  If not, then why should I put ANY merit at all in something
>>that has been corrupted over and over and over by man even if it was
>>originally inspired by God?

>The "corrupted over and over" theory is pretty weak.  Comparison of the
>current hebrew text with old versions and translations shows that the text
>has in fact changed very little over a space of some two millennia.  This
>shouldn't be all that suprising; people who believe in a text in this manner
>are likely to makes some pains to make good copies.
>-- 
Do you honestly hold to that tripe Charley? For a start there are enough
current versions of the Bible to make comparisons to show that what you write
above is utter garbage. Witness JW, Mormon, Catholic, Anglican, and Greek
Orthodox Bibles. But to really convince you I'd have to take you to a good
old library. In our local library we had a 1804 King James which I compared
to a brand new, hot of God's tongue Good News Bible. Genesis was almost
unrecognisable, many of the discrepencies between the four gospels had been
edited from the Good News Bible. In fact the God of Good News was a much
more congenial fellow I must say. 

If you like I'll get the 1804 King James out again and actually give you
some quotes. At least the headings haven't changed much.

Jeff.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51194
From: ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au (Jeffrey Clark)
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals

cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl) writes:

>Why is it more reasonable than the trend towards obesity and the trend towards
>depression? You can't just pick your two favorite trends, notice a correlation 
>in them, and make a sweeping statement of generality. I mean, you CAN, and 
>people HAVE, but that does not mean that it is a valid or reasonable thesis. 
>At best it's a gross oversimplification of the push-pull factors people 
>experience.  

I agree, I reckon it's television and the increase in fundamentalism.. You
think its the increase in pre-marital sex... others thinks its because
psychologists have taken over the criminal justice system and let violent
criminals con them into letting them out into the streets... others think
it's the increase in designer drugs... others think it's a communist plot.
Basically the social interactions of all the changing factors in our society
are far too complicated for us to control. We just have to hold on to the
panic handles and hope that we are heading for a soft landing. But one
things for sure, depression and the destruction of the nuclear family is not
due solely to sex out of marriage.

Jeff.

>> 
>>  Fred Rice <-- a Muslim, giving his point of view.
>>  darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au 

>cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu  

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51195
From: lmh@juliet.caltech.edu (Henling, Lawrence M.)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution

In article <1993Apr3.195642.25261@njitgw.njit.edu>, dmu5391@hertz.njit.edu (David Utidjian Eng.Sci.) writes...
>In article <31MAR199321091163@juliet.caltech.edu> lmh@juliet.caltech.edu (Henling, Lawrence M.) writes:
>	For a complete description of what is, and is not atheism
>or agnosticism see the FAQ for alt.atheism in alt.answers... I think.
>utidjian@remarque.berkeley.edu

 I apologize for posting this. I thought it was only going to talk.origins.
I also took my definitions from a 1938 Websters.
 Nonetheless, the apparent past arguments over these words imply that like
'bimonthly' and 'biweekly' they have no commonly accepted definitions and
should be used with care.

larry henling  lmh@shakes.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51196
From: karner@austin.ibm.com (F. Karner)
Subject: Re: Jews can't hide from keith@cco.


In article <1pj2b6$aaa@fido.asd.sgi.com>, livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
> In article <1993Apr3.033446.10669@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
> |> In article <1pint5$1l4@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
> |> >
> |> Deletions...
> |> Er, Jon, what Ken said was:
> |> 
> |>   There have previously been people like you in your country.  Unfortunately,
> |>                              ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> |>   most Jews did not survive.
> |> 
> |> That sure sounds to me like Ken is accusing the guy of being a Nazi.
> 
> Hitler and the Nazis didn't spring fully formed from the forehead
> of Athena.   They didn't invent anti-semitism.   They built on a 
> foundation of anti-semitism that was already present in Germany.   
> This foundation of anti-semitism was laid down, not by the Nazis, 
> but by the people I listed, and also by hundreds of years of unthinking, 
> knee-jerk bigotry, on the part of perfectly ordinary people, and, of
> course, their pastors and priests.
> 
> What we have to worry about today is not whether some Hollywood
> Hitler in a black uniform is going to come striding onto the German
> stage in one unprepared step, but whether those same bedrock foundations
> of anti-semitism are being laid down, little by little, in Germany,
> as we speak.
> 
> And if so, they will be laid down, not by Hitlers and Himmlers, who
> will come later, but by "people like" the poster in question.   The
> people who think that casual anti-semitism is acceptable, or even fun.
>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> 
Deletions...
> I did.     Now may I suggest, with the greatest possible respect, that
> you go read some history?
> 
> jon.

So, you consider the german poster's remark anti-semitic?  Perhaps you
imply that anyone in Germany who doesn't agree with israely policy in a
nazi?  Pray tell, how does it even qualify as "casual anti-semitism"? 
If the term doesn't apply, why then bring it up?

Your own bigotry is shining through.  
-- 

         DISCLAIMER: The opinions expressed in this posting are mine
            solely and do not represent my employer in any way.
       F. A. Karner AIX Technical Support | karner@austin.vnet.ibm.com

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51197
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Omnipotence (was Re: Speculations)

In article <1993Apr5.171143.828@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:

>God is effectively limited in the same sense.  He is all powerful, but
>He cannot use His power in a way that would violate the essence of what
>He, Himself is.

	Cannot? Try, will not.

---

        "One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that 
        say "Mom", because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more 
        virile men."

        Bobby Mozumder  ( snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu )
        April 4, 1993

        The one TRUE Muslim left in the world. 


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51198
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

In article <SUOPANKI.93Apr6024902@stekt6.oulu.fi> suopanki@stekt6.oulu.fi (Heikki T. Suopanki) writes:
>:> God is eternal.    [A = B]
>:> Jesus is God.      [C = A]
>:> Therefore, Jesus is eternal.  [C = B]
>
>:> This works both logically and mathematically.  God is of the set of
>:> things which are eternal.  Jesus is a subset of God.   Therefore
>:> Jesus belongs to the set of things which are eternal.
>
>Everything isn't always so logical....
>
>Mercedes is a car.
>That girl is Mercedes.
>Therefore, that girl is a car?

	This is not  strickly correct. Only by incorrect application of the 
rules of language, does it seem to work.

	The Mercedes in the first premis, and the one in the second are NOT 
the same Mercedes. 

	In your case, 

	A = B
	C = D
	
	A and D are NOT equal. One is a name of a person, the other the
name of a object. You can not simply extract a word without taking the 
context into account. 

	Of course, your case doesn't imply that A = D.

	In his case, A does equal D.


	Try again...

---

        "One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that 
        say "Mom", because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more 
        virile men."

        Bobby Mozumder  ( snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu )
        April 4, 1993

        The one TRUE Muslim left in the world. 


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51199
From: nrp@st-andrews.ac.uk (Norman R. Paterson)
Subject: Islam vs the Jehovah's Witnesses

In article <1993Apr2.223248.19014@Princeton.EDU> qpliu@princeton.edu writes:
>In article <1993Apr2.115300.803@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>>But God created Lucifer with a perfect nature and gave him along with
>>the other angels free moral will.
>
>>Now God could have prevented Lucifer's fall by taking away his ability
>>to choose between moral alternatives (worship God or worship himself),
>
>So Lucifer's moral choices are determined by his will.
>What determines what his will is?
>-- 
>qpliu@princeton.edu           Standard opinion: Opinions are delta-correlated.

Bobby-

A few posts ago you said that Lucifer had no free will.  From the above
it seems the JW believes the contrary.

Are you talking about the same Lucifer?

If so, can you suggest an experiment to determine which of you is wrong?

Or do you claim that you are both right?

-Norman

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51200
From: nrp@st-andrews.ac.uk (Norman R. Paterson)
Subject: Re: Had to share this

In article <1993Apr03.232325.23178@acme.gen.nz> kilroy@acme.gen.nz (earthbound misfit, I) writes:
>bena@dec07.cs.monash.edu.au (Ben Aveling) writes:
>
>> Warning - if you are anything like a devout Christian this post is
>> really going to offend and/or upset you.
>
>[...numerous Ctrl-Ls deleted...hehehe...]
>
>> I assume everyone here is familiar with the Christian `fish' symbol.
>> The one on the back of all those Volvos.
>> The one that looks (something) like
>>                __
>>               /  \/
>>               \__/\
>> 
>> Or perhaps more like () ?
>>                      '`
>> 
>> Well, I found out this morning where it comes from ...
>> 
>> It's been stolen from the pagans, like so much else ...
>> 
>> (Last last chance to be blisfully ignorant ;-]
>> 
>> Hmm, how can I put it.
>> 
>> Well, it comes from, this ...
>> 
>> 
>> 
>>                  __
>>                  \/
>>                  ()
>>              `__-'`-__'
>> 
>> 
>> 
>> Sigh, I hate drawing with ascii chars.
>> Still, I think you can work it out from there ...
>
>If you haven't, go read "Skinny Legs and All" by Tom Robbins. If he's even
>50% accurate then most of the modern religions have been "appropriated".
>It's also a great book.
>
>Followups to alt.atheism, whose readers are probably slightly more authorative
>on this.
>
>						- k
>-- 
>Craig Harding            kilroy@acme.gen.nz             ACME BBS +64 6 3551342
>"Jub'er lbh pnyyvat n obmb?"

Craig-

I thought it was derived from a Greek acronym.  My Greek isn't up to much, but
it goes something like this:

	Jesus Christ, God => Iesus CHristos, THeos => Ichthos

which is the Greek for "fish" (as in, eg "ichthysaurus").

Apologies for my dreadful Greek!  Perhaps someone will correct it.

By the way, what does your sig mean?

-Norman

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51201
From: nrp@st-andrews.ac.uk (Norman R. Paterson)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1993Apr5.020504.19326@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
[...]
>One of the reasons that you are atheist is that you limit God by giving
>God a form.  God does not have a "face".

Wait a minute.  I thought you said that Allah (I presume Allah == God) was unknowable,
and yet here you are claiming to know a very concrete fact about him.

You say that God does not have a "face".  Doesn't the bible say that God has hindparts?

How do you suggest I decide which (if any) of you is right?  Or are you both right?
God has hindparts but no face?  Or does your use of quotation marks:

	God does not have a "face".

allow you to interpret this to mean whatever you like?

>
>Peace,
>
>Bobby Mozumder

-Norman

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51202
From: qpliu@ernie.Princeton.EDU (q.p.liu)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

In article <1993Apr5.091139.823@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>In article <16BA5DA01.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de>, I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>> But could you give a definition of free will? Especially in the
>> presence of an omniscient being?

>"Will" is "self-determination".  In other words, God created conscious
>beings who have the ability to choose between moral choices independently
>of God.  All "will", therefore, is "free will".

So these hypothetical conscious beings can ignore any influences of
their circumstances (their genetics, their environment, their experiences)
which are not all self-determined?

(Of course, the idea of Hell makes the idea of "free will" dubious.
On the other hand, the idea of Hell is not a very powerful idea.

	"A Parable for You

	"There was once our main character who blah blah blah.
	"One day, a thug pointed a mean looking gun at OMC, and
said, 'Do what I say, or I'm blasting you to hell.'
	"OMC thought, 'If I believe this thug, and follow the
instructions that will be given, I'll avoid getting blasted to
hell.  On the other hand, if I believe this thug, and do not
follow the instructions that will be given, I'll get blasted to
hell.  Hmm... the more attractive choice is obvious, I'll
follow the instructions.'  Now, OMC found the choice obvious
because everything OMC had learned about getting blasted to
hell made it appear very undesirable.
	"But then OMC noticed that the thug's gun wasn't a real
gun.  The thug's threats were make believe.
	"So OMC ignored the thug and resumed blah blah blah.")
-- 
qpliu@princeton.edu           Standard opinion: Opinions are delta-correlated.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51203
From: west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

In article <kmr4.1433.734039535@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M.  
Ryan) writes:
> In article <1993Apr5.163050.13308@wam.umd.edu>  
west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:
> >In article <kmr4.1422.733983061@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M.  
> >Ryan) writes:
> >> In article <1993Apr5.025924.11361@wam.umd.edu>  
> >west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:
> >> 
> >> >THE ILLIAD IS THE UNDISPUTED WORD OF GOD(tm)    *prove me wrong*
> >> 
> >> 	I dispute it.
> >> 
> >> 	Ergo: by counter-example: you are proven wrong.
> >
> >	I dispute your counter-example
> >
> >	Ergo: by counter-counter-example: you are wrong and
> >	I am right so nanny-nanny-boo-boo TBBBBBBBTTTTTTHHHHH
> 
> 	No. The premis stated that it was undisputed. 
> 

Fine... THE ILLIAD IS THE WORD OF GOD(tm)  (disputed or not, it is)

Dispute that.  It won't matter.  Prove me wrong.

Brian West
--
THIS IS NOT A SIG FILE            *    -"To the Earth, we have been
THIS IS NOT A SIG FILE            *     here but for the blink of an
OK, SO IT'S A SIG FILE            *     eye, if we were gone tomorrow, 
posted by west@wam.umd.edu        *     we would not be missed."-  
who doesn't care who knows it.    *        (Jurassic Park) 
** DICLAIMER: I said this, I meant this, nobody made me do it.**

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51204
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

In article <1993Apr6.021635.20958@wam.umd.edu> west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:

>Fine... THE ILLIAD IS THE WORD OF GOD(tm)  (disputed or not, it is)
>
>Dispute that.  It won't matter.  Prove me wrong.

	The Illiad contains more than one word. Ergo: it can not be
the Word of God. 

	But, if you will humbly agree that it is the WORDS of God, I 
will conceed.

	:-D


---

        "One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that 
        say "Mom", because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more 
        virile men."

        Bobby Mozumder  ( snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu )
        April 4, 1993

        The one TRUE Muslim left in the world. 


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51205
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution
From: rfox@charlie.usd.edu (Rich Fox, Univ of South Dakota)

In article <1pik3i$1l4@fido.asd.sgi.com>, livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>In article <C4u51L.8Bv@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>|>
>|> 
>|> Why do you spend so much time posting here if your atheism is so
>|> incidental, if the question of God is trivial? Fess up, it matters to
>|> you a great deal.
>
>Ask yourself two questions.
>
>	1.   How important is Mithras in your life today?
>
>	2.   How important would Mithras become if there was a
>	     well funded group of fanatics trying to get the
>	     schools system to teach your children that Mithras
>	     was the one true God?
>
>jon.

Right on, Jon!  Who cares who or whose, as long as it works for the individual.
But don't try to impose those beliefs on us or our children.  I would add the
well-funded group tries also to purge science, to deny children access to great
wonders and skills.  And how about the kids born to creationists?  What a
burden with which to begin adult life.  It must be a cruel awakening for those
who finally see the light, provided it is possible to escape from the depths of
this type of ignorance.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51206
From: chrisb@tafe.sa.edu.au (Chris BELL)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:

>My syllogism is of the form:
>A is B.
>C is A.
>Therefore C is B.

>This is a logically valid construction.

>Your syllogism, however, is of the form:
>A is B.
>C is B.
>Therefore C is A.

>Therefore yours is a logically invalid construction, 
>and your comments don't apply.

>I appeal to Mathew (Mantis) here who wrote the excellent
>post (now part of the FAQ) on logical argument.

>Jim B.

I am not Mathew (Mantis) but any (successful) first year logic student will see that you are logically correct, the other poster is logically incorrect.

--
"I know" is nothing more than "I believe" with pretentions.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51208
From: ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles)
Subject: Re: Concerning God's Morality (was: Americans and Evolution)

In article <1993Apr2.155057.808@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
[why do babies get diseases, etc.]
>What God did create was life according to a protein code which is
>mutable and can evolve.  Without delving into a deep discussion of
>creationism vs evolutionism,

 Here's the (main) problem. The scenario you outline is reasonably 
consistent, but all the evidence that I am familiar with not only does
not support it, but indicates something far different. The Earth, by
latest estimates, is about 4.6 billion years old, and has had life for
about 3.5 billion of those years. Humans have only been around for (at
most) about 200,000 years. But, the fossil evidence inidcates that life
has been changing and evolving, and, in fact, disease-ridden, long before
there were people. (Yes, there are fossils that show signs of disease...
mostly bone disorders, of course, but there are some.) Heck, not just
fossil evidence, but what we've been able to glean from genetic study shows
that disease has been around for a long, long time. If human sin was what
brought about disease (at least, indirectly, though necessarily) then
how could it exist before humans?

>                             God created the original genetic code
>perfect and without flaw.  And without getting sidetracked into
>the theological ramifications of the original sin, the main effect
>of the so-called original sin for this discussion was to remove
>humanity from God's protection since by their choice A&E cut
>themselves off from intimate fellowship with God.  In addition, their
>sin caused them to come under the dominion of Satan, who then assumed
>dominion over the earth...
[deletions]
>Since humanity was no longer under God's protection but under Satan's
>dominion, it was no great feat for Satan to genetically engineer
>diseases, both bacterial/viral and genetic.  Although the forces of
>natural selection tend to improve the survivability of species, the
>degeneration of the genetic code tends to more than offset this.  

 Uh... I know of many evolutionary biologists, who know more about
biology than you claim to, who will strongly disagree with this. There
is no evidence that the human genetic code (or any other) 'started off'
in perfect condition. It seems to adapt to its envionment, in a
collective sense. I'm really curious as to what you mean by 'the
degeneration of the genetic code'.

>Human DNA, being more "complex", tends to accumulate errors adversely
>affecting our well-being and ability to fight off disease, while the 
>simpler DNA of bacteria and viruses tend to become more efficient in 
>causing infection and disease.  It is a bad combination.

 Umm. Nah, we seem to do a pretty good job of adapting to viruses and
bacteria, and they to us. Only a very small percentage of microlife is
harmful to humans... and that small percentage seems to be reasonalby
constant in size, but the ranks keep changing. For example, bubonic
plague used to be a really nasty disease, I'm sure you'll agree. But
it still pops up from time to time, even today... and doesn't do as
much damage. Part of that is because of better sanitation, but even
when people get the disease, the symptoms tend to be less severe than in
the past. This seems to be partly because people who were very susceptible
died off long ago, and because the really nasty variants 'overgrazed',
(forgive the poor terminology, I'm an engineer, not a doctor! :-> ) and
died off for lack of nearby hosts.
 I could be wrong on this, but from what I gather acne is only a few
hundred years old, and used to be nastier, though no killer. It seems to
be getting less nasty w/age...

>                                                          Hence
>we have newborns that suffer from genetic, viral, and bacterial
>diseases/disorders.

 Now, wait a minute. I have a question. Humans were created perfect, right?
And, you admit that we have an inbuilt abiliy to fight off disease. It
seems unlikely that Satan, who's making the diseases, would also gift
humans with the means to fight them off. Simpler to make the diseases less
lethal, if he wants survivors. As far as I can see, our immune systems,
imperfect though they may (presently?) be, must have been built into us
by God. I want to be clear on this: are you saying that God was planning
ahead for the time when Satan would be in charge by building an immune
system that was not, at the time of design, necessary? That is, God made
our immune systems ahead of time, knowing that Adam and Eve would sin and
their descendents would need to fight off diseases?

>This may be more of a mystical/supernatural explanation than you
>are prepared to accept, but God is not responsible for disease.
>Even if Satan had nothing to do with the original inception of
>disease, evolution by random chance would have produced them since
>humanity forsook God's protection.

 Here's another puzzle. What, exactly, do you mean by 'perfect' in the
phrase, 'created... perfect and without flaw'? To my mind, a 'perfect'
system would be incapable of degrading over time. A 'perfect' system
that will, without constant intervention, become imperfect is *not* a
perfect system. At least, IMHO.
 Or is it that God did something like writing a masterpiece novel on a
bunch of gum wrappers held together with Elmer's glue? That is, the
original genetic 'instructions' were perfect, but were 'written' in
inferior materials that had to be carefully tended or would fall apart?
If so, why could God not have used better materials?
 Was God *incapable* of creating a system that could maintain itself,
of did It just choose not to?

[deletions]
>In summary, newborns are innocent, but God does not cause their suffering.

 My main point, as I said, was that there really isn't any evidence for
the explanation you give. (At least, that I'm aware of.) But, I couldn't
help making a few nitpicks here and there. :->

Sincerely,

Ray Ingles                  || The above opinions are probably
                            || not those of the University of
ingles@engin.umich.edu      || Michigan. Yet.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51209
From: ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles)
Subject: Re: Concerning God's Morality (long)

In article <1993Apr5.084042.822@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>In article <1993Apr3.095220.24632@leland.Stanford.EDU>, galahad@leland.Stanford.EDU (Scott Compton) writes:
[deletions]
>> Now, back to your post.  You have done a fine job at using 
>> your seventh grade 'life science' course to explain why
>> bad diseases are caused by Satan and good things are a 
>> result of God.  But I want to let you in on a little secret.
>> "We can create an amino acid sequence in lab! -- And guess
>> what, the sequence curls into a helix!  Wow!  That's right,
>> it can happen without a supernatural force." 
>
>Wow!  All it takes is a few advanced science degrees and millions
>of dollars of state of the art equipment.  And I thought it took
>*intelligence* to create the building blocks of life.  Foolish me!

 People with advanced science degrees use state of the art equipment
and spend millions of dollars to simulate tornadoes. But tornadoes
do not require intelligence to exist.
 Not only that, the equipment needed is not really 'state of the art.'
To study the *products*, yes, but not to generate them.

>If you want to be sure that I read your post and to provide a
>response, send a copy to Jim_Brown@oz.bmd.trw.com.  I can't read
>a.a. every day, and some posts slip by.  Thanks.
 
 Oh, I will. :->

Sincerely,

Ray Ingles                  || The above opinions are probably
                            || not those of the University of
ingles@engin.umich.edu      || Michigan. Yet.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51210
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

>DATE:   5 Apr 1993 23:32:28 GMT
>FROM:   Jon Livesey <livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com>
>
>In article <114127@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>|> 
>|> I don't understand the point of this petty sarcasm. It is a basic 
>|> principle of Islam that if one is born muslim or one says "I testify
>|> that there is no god but God and Mohammad is a prophet of God" that,
>|> so long as one does not explicitly reject Islam by word then one _must_
>|> be considered muslim by all muslims. So the phenomenon you're attempting
>|> to make into a general rule or psychology is a direct odds with basic
>|> Islamic principles. If you want to attack Islam you could do better than
>|> than to argue against something that Islam explicitly contradicts.
>
>Then Mr Mozumder is incorrect when he says that when committing
>bad acts, people temporarily become atheists?
>
>jon.

Of course B.M. is not incorrect.  He is defending Islam.  When defending
Islam against infidels you can say anything and no one will dare criticize
you.  But when an atheist uses the same argument he is using "petty sarcasm".  So
B.M. can have his "temporary atheists" whenever he needs them and all the
"temporary atheists" can later say that they were always good Muslims because
they never explicitly rejected Islam.  

Temporary atheism, temporary Islam, temporary marriage.  None of it sticks.  
A teflon religion.  How convenient.  And so easy to clean up after.  But 
then, what would you expect from a bunch of people who can't even agree on 
the phases of the moon?



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51211
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Concerning God's Morality (long)

This kind of argument cries for a comment...

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com wrote:
: In article <1993Apr3.095220.24632@leland.Stanford.EDU>, galahad@leland.Stanford.EDU (Scott Compton) writes:

Jim, you originally wrote:
 
: >>...God did not create
: >>disease nor is He responsible for the maladies of newborns.
: > 
: >>What God did create was life according to a protein code which is
: >>mutable and can evolve.  Without delving into a deep discussion of
: >>creationism vs evolutionism, God created the original genetic code
: >>perfect and without flaw. 
: >  ~~~~~~~     ~~~~~~~ ~~~~

Do you have any evidence for this? If the code was once perfect, and
has degraded ever since, we _should_ have some evidence in favour
of this statement, shouldn't we?

Perhaps the biggest "imperfection" of the code is that it is full
of non-coding regions, introns, which are so called because they
intervene with the coding regions (exons). An impressive amount of
evidence suggests that introns are of very ancient origin; it is
likely that early exons represented early protein domains.

Is the number of introns decreasing or increasing? It appears that
intron loss can occur, and species with common ancestry usually
have quite similar exon-intron structure in their genes. 

On the other hand, the possibility that introns have been inserted
later, presents several logical difficulties. Introns are removed
by a splicing mechanism - this would have to be present, but unused,
if introns are inserted. Moreover, intron insertion would have
required _precise_ targeting - random insertion would not be tolerated,
since sequences for intron removal (self-splicing of mRNA) are
conserved. Besides, transposition of a sequence usually leaves a
trace - long terminal repeats and target - site duplications, and
these are not found in or near intron sequences. 

I seriously recommend reading textbooks on molecular biology and
genetics before posting "theological arguments" like this. 
Try Watson's Molecular Biology of the Gene or Darnell, Lodish
& Baltimore's Molecular Biology of the Cell for starters.

: Remember, the question was posed in a theological context (Why does
: God cause disease in newborns?), and my answer is likewise from a
: theological perspective -- my own.  It is no less valid than a purely
: scientific perspective, just different.

Scientific perspective is supported by the evidence, whereas 
theological perspectives often fail to fulfil this criterion.
 
: I think you misread my meaning.  I said God made the genetic code perfect,
: but that doesn't mean it's perfect now.  It has certainly evolved since.

For the worse? Would you please cite a few references that support
your assertion? Your assertion is less valid than the scientific
perspective, unless you support it by some evidence.

In fact, it has been claimed that parasites and diseases are perhaps
more important than we've thought - for instance, sex might
have evolved as defence against parasites. (This view is supported by
computer simulations of evolution, eg Tierra.) 
 
: Perhaps.  I thought it was higher energy rays like X-rays, gamma
: rays, and cosmic rays that caused most of the damage.

In fact, it is thermal energy that does most of the damage, although
it is usually mild and easily fixed by enzymatic action. 

: Actually, neither of us "knows" what the atmosphere was like at the
: time when God created life.  According to my recollection, most
: biologists do not claim that life began 4 billion years ago -- after
: all, that would only be a half billion years or so after the earth
: was created.  It would still be too primitive to support life.  I
: seem to remember a figure more like 2.5 to 3 billion years ago for
: the origination of life on earth.  Anyone with a better estimate?

I'd replace "created" with "formed", since there is no need to 
invoke any creator if the Earth can be formed without one.
Most recent estimates of the age of the Earth range between 4.6 - 4.8
billion years, and earliest signs of life (not true fossils, but
organic, stromatolite-like layers) date back to 3.5 billion years.
This would leave more than billion years for the first cells to
evolve.

I'm sorry I can't give any references, this is based on the course
on evolutionary biochemistry I attended here. 

: >>dominion, it was no great feat for Satan to genetically engineer
: >>diseases, both bacterial/viral and genetic.  Although the forces of
: >>natural selection tend to improve the survivability of species, the
: >>degeneration of the genetic code tends to more than offset this.  

Again, do you _want_ this be true, or do you have any evidence for
this supposed "degeneration"? 

I can understand Scott's reaction:

: > Excuse me, but this is so far-fetched that I know you must be
: > jesting.  Do you know what pathogens are?  Do you know what 
: > Point Mutations are?  Do you know that EVERYTHING CAN COME
: > ABOUT SPONTANEOUSLY?!!!!!  
: 
: In response to your last statement, no, and neither do you.
: You may very well believe that and accept it as fact, but you
: cannot *know* that.

I hope you don't forget this: We have _evidence_ that suggests 
everything can come about spontaneously. Do you have evidence against
this conclusion? In science, one does not have to _believe_ in 
anything. It is a healthy sign to doubt and disbelieve. But the 
right path to walk is to take a look at the evidence if you do so,
and not to present one's own conclusions prior to this. 

Theology does not use this method. Therefore, I seriously doubt
it could ever come to right conclusions.

: >>Human DNA, being more "complex", tends to accumulate errors adversely
: >>affecting our well-being and ability to fight off disease, while the 
: >>simpler DNA of bacteria and viruses tend to become more efficient in 
: >>causing infection and disease.  It is a bad combination.  Hence
: >>we have newborns that suffer from genetic, viral, and bacterial
: >>diseases/disorders.

You are supposing a purpose, not a valid move. Bacteria and viruses
do not exist to cause disease. They are just another manifests of
a general principle of evolution - only replication saves replicators
from degradiation. We are just an efficient method for our DNA to 
survive and replicate. The less efficient methods didn't make it 
to the present. 

And for the last time.  Please present some evidence for your claim that
human DNA is degrading through evolutionary processes. Some people have
claimed that the opposite is true - we have suppressed our selection,
and thus are bound to degrade. I haven't seen much evidence for either
claim.
 
: But then I ask, So?  Where is this relevant to my discussion in
: answering John's question of why?  Why are there genetic diseases,
: and why are there so many bacterial and viral diseases which require
: babies to develop antibodies.  Is it God's fault? (the original
: question) -- I say no, it is not.

Of course, nothing "evil" is god's fault.  But your explanation does
not work, it fails miserably.
 
: You may be right.  But the fact is that you don't know that
: Satan is not responsible, and neither do I.
: 
: Suppose that a powerful, evil being like Satan exists.  Would it
: be inconceivable that he might be responsible for many of the ills
: that affect mankind?  I don't think so.

He could have done a much better Job. (Pun intended.) The problem is,
it seems no Satan is necessary to explain any diseases, they are
just as inevitable as any product of evolution.

: Did I say that?  Where?  Seems to me like another bad inference.
: Actually what you've done is to oversimplify what I said to the
: point that your summary of my words takes on a new context.  I
: never said that people are "meant" (presumably by God) "to be
: punished by getting diseases".  Why I did say is that free moral
: choices have attendent consequences.  If mankind chooses to reject
: God, as people have done since the beginning, then they should not
: expect God to protect them from adverse events in an entropic
: universe.

I am not expecting this. If god exists, I expect him to leave us alone.
I would also like to hear why do you believe your choices are indeed
free. This is an interesting philosophical question, and the answer
is not as clear-cut as it seems to be.

What consequences would you expect from rejecting Allah?
  
: Oh, I admit it's not perfect (yet).  But I'm working on it.  :)

A good library or a bookstore is a good starting point.

: What does this have to do with the price of tea in China, or the
: question to which I provided an answer?  Biology and Genetics are
: fine subjects and important scientific endeavors.  But they explain
: *how* God created and set up life processes.  They don't explain
: the why behind creation, life, or its subsequent evolution.

Why is there a "why behind"? And your proposition was something
that is not supported by the evidence. This is why we recommend
these books.

Is there any need to invoke any why behind, a prime mover? Evidence
for this? If the whole universe can come into existence without
any intervention, as recent cosmological theories (Hawking et al)
suggest, why do people still insist on this?
 
: Thanks Scotty, for your fine and sagely advice.  But I am
: not highly motivated to learn all the nitty-gritty details
: of biology and genetics, although I'm sure I'd find it a
: fascinating subject.  For I realize that the details do
: not change the Big Picture, that God created life in the
: beginning with the ability to change and adapt to its
: environment.

I'm sorry, but they do. There is no evidence for your big picture,
and no need to create anything that is capable of adaptation.
It can come into existence without a Supreme Being.

Try reading P.W. Atkins' Creation Revisited (Freeman, 1992).

Petri
--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51212
From: guncer@enuxha.eas.asu.edu (Selim Guncer )
Subject: Re: Islam & Dress Code for women

In article <16BA7103C3.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>In article <1993Apr5.091258.11830@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
>darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
> 
>>(2) Do women have souls in Islam?
>>
>>People have said here that some Muslims say that women do not have
>>souls.  I must admit I have never heard of such a view being held by
>>Muslims of any era.  I have heard of some Christians of some eras
>>holding this viewpoint, but not Muslims.  Are you sure you might not be
>>confusing Christian history with Islamic history?
>>
> 
>Yes, it is supposed to have been a predominant view in the Turkish
>Caliphate.
> 

I am not aware of any "Turkish Caliphate" viewpoint on this. Can you
reference?

However, I found a quote due to Imam Ali, whom the Shias follow:

"Men, never obey your women in any way whatsoever. Never let them give their
advice on any matter whatsoever, even those of everyday life. Indeed, allow
them freely to give advice on anything and they will fritter away one's
wealth and disobey the wishes of the owner of this wealth.
  We see them without religion, when, alone, they are left to their own
devices; they are lacking in both pity and virtue when their carnal
desires are at stake. It is easy to enjoy them, but they cause great
anxiety. The most virtious among them are libertines. But the most
corrupt are whores. Only those of them whom age has deprived of any
charm are untainted by vice. They have three qualities particular to
miscreants; they complain of being oppressed, whereas it is they
who oppress; they make oaths, whereas they are lying; they pretend
to refuse men's solicitations, whereas they desire them most ardently.
Let us beg the help of God to emerge victorious from their evil deeds.
And preserve us in any case from their good ones."

(Quote from Mas'ud al-Qanawi, ref. A. Bouhdiba, Sexuality in Islam, 
p. 118).

I wouldn't consider this quote as being exemplary of the Islamic (TM)
viewpoint though.  For all we know, the prophet's cousin and
the Fourth Khalif Hazret-i Ali may have said this after a frustrating 
night with a woman.

Selim Guncer

--
Selim E. Guncer               | Jaca negra, luna grande,
CSSER-ASU                     | y aceitunas en mi alforja.
(602)-965-4096                | Aunque sepa los caminos
guncer@enuxha.eas.asu.edu     | yo nunca llegare a Cordoba.. (FGL)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51213
From: jen187@its.CSIRO.AU (Graham Jenkins +61 6 276 6812)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women


In article <1993Apr5.023044.19580@ultb.isc.rit.edu>, snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:


|> 
|> That's your mistake.  It would be better for the children if the mother
|> raised the child.
|> 
|> One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that say "Mom",
|> because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more virile men.
|> Compare that with how homos are raised.  Do a study and you will get my
|> point.
|> 
|> But in no way do you have a claim that it would be better if the men
|> stayed home and raised the child.  That is something false made up by
|> feminists that seek a status above men.  You do not recognize the fact
|> that men and women have natural differences.  Not just physically, but
|> mentally also.
|> 

Bobby, there's a question here that I just HAVE to ask. If all
of your posts aren't some sort of extended, elaborate hoax, why
are you trying so hard to convince the entire civilised world
that you're feeble minded? You have a talent for saying the most
absurd things. Here's a little sign for you, print it, cut it out
and put it on top of your computer/terminal.

              ENGAGE BRAIN PRIOR TO OPERATING KEYBOARD


(Having said all that, I must admit we all get a laugh from
your stuff.)




-- 

|  Graham Jenkins          |  graham.jenkins@its.csiro.au           | 
|  CSIRO                   |  (Commonwealth Scientific & Industrial | 
|  Canberra,  AUSTRALIA    |  Research Organisation)                |

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51214
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Jews can't hide from keith@cco.

In article <C51DAq.2Fqs@austin.ibm.com>, karner@austin.ibm.com (F. Karner) writes:
>
> So, you consider the german poster's remark anti-semitic? 

When someone says:

	"So after 1000 years of sightseeing and roaming around its 
	ok to come back, kill Palastinians, and get their land back, 
	right?"

Yes, that's casual antisemitism.    I can think of plenty of ways
to criticize Israeli policy without insulting Jews or Jewish history.

Can't you?

jon 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51215
From: chrisb@tafe.sa.edu.au (Chris BELL)
Subject: Re: Don't more innocents die without the death penalty?

"James F. Tims" <p00168@psilink.com> writes:

>By maintaining classes D and E, even in prison, it seems as if we 
>place more innocent people at a higher risk of an unjust death than 
>we would if the state executed classes D and E with an occasional error.

I would rather be at a higher risk of being killed than actually killed by
                              ^^^^                      ^^^^^^^^
mistake.  Though I do agree with the concept that the type D and E murderers
are a massive waste of space and resources I don't agree with the concept:

	killing is wrong
	if you kill we will punish you
	our punishment will be to kill you.

Seems to be lacking in consistency.

--
"I know" is nothing more than "I believe" with pretentions.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51216
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Islam & Dress Code for women

In article <1993Apr6.030734.28563@ennews.eas.asu.edu>, guncer@enuxha.eas.asu.edu (Selim Guncer ) writes:
>
> I wouldn't consider this quote as being exemplary of the Islamic 
> (TM) viewpoint though.  For all we know, the prophet's cousin and
> the Fourth Khalif Hazret-i Ali may have said this after a 
> frustrating night with a woman.

That's very interesting.    I wonder, are women's reactions
recorded after a frustrating night with a man?   Is that
considered to be important?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51217
From: ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles)
Subject: Re: There must be a creator! (Maybe)

In article <1993Apr2.144909.806@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>In article <1993Apr2.165032.3356@bradford.ac.uk>, L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham) writes:
[deletions]
>>...Argument from incredulity has not been considered a valid form of
>> reasoning since medieval times.
[deletions]
>Interesting that you should mention that "Argument from incredulity has
>not been considered a valid form of reasoning since medieval times."  I
>quite agree.  Why then, do some atheists here engage in it?  More than
>a few times I have read posts where the atheists posting state that
>they 'cannot see how a gracious and loving God can allow such evil and
>suffering to occur as we see on the earth.'  Simply because they cannot
>envision it, it must not be true.  If this is not an argument from
>incredulity, I don't know what is!

 As you have presented it, it is indeed an argument from incredulity.
However, from what I have seen, it is not often presented in this manner.
It is usually presented more in the form, "And *besides*, I cannot see...
...nor have I ever been offered a convincing explanation."
 Moreover, it is not unreasonable to ask for an explanation for such
phenomena. That theism does not provide a convincing explanation is not
an argument in theism's favor. Especially when different theisms offer 
different explanations, and even different adherents of what is purportedly
the same theism give different explanations...

>                                    God has far more complex motivations
>and reasons for action or non-action than to simply "fix" evil whenever
>and however it occurs, or even *before* it occurs.  And yet, it is this
>very same argument from incredulity which ranks high among reasons
>why atheists (in general) reject God and in particular the Christian God.

 Not im my experience. In my experience, the most common reason is the
lack of evidence in theism's favor. You mileage may vary. :->

>This seems to be the universal bane of human reasoning and rationality, 
>to wit, that it is far easier to see the logical fallacy or inept reasoning 
>on the part of one's opponents than it is to see it in oneself.

 Oh, heck, I'll be snide this once. :-> It's also fairly easy to attack
arguments that are not made. (I.e. 'strawmen'.)

>As one Man of Wisdom put it, take the log out of your own eye before you 
>try to remove the splinter from your neighbor's eye.

 Sage advice indeed.

 Sincerely,

 Raymond Ingles                       ingles@engin.umich.edu

 "An apple every eight hours keeps three doctors away." - B. Kliban

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51218
From: ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au (Jeffrey Clark)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:

>mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:

>>>Perhaps we shouldn't imprision people if we could watch them closely
>>>instead.  The cost would probably be similar, especially if we just
>>>implanted some sort of electronic device.
>>Why wait until they commit the crime?  Why not implant such devices in
>>potential criminals like Communists and atheists?

>Sorry, I don't follow your reasoning.  You are proposing to punish people
>*before* they commit a crime?  What justification do you have for this?

No, Mathew is proposing a public defence mechanism, not treating the
electronic device as an impropriety on the wearer. What he is saying is that
the next step beyond what you propose is the permanent bugging of potential
criminals.  This may not, on the surface, sound like a bad thing, but who
defines what a potential criminal is? If the government of the day decides
that being a member of an opposition party makes you a potential criminal
then openly defying the government becomes a lethal practice, this is not
conducive to a free society.

Mathew is saying that implanting electronic surveillance devices upon people
is an impropriety upon that person, regardless of what type of crime or
what chance of recidivism there is. Basically you see the criminal justice
system as a punishment for the offender and possibly, therefore, a deterrant
to future offenders. Mathew sees it, most probably, as a means of
rehabilitation for the offender. So he was being cynical at you, okay?

Jeff.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51219
From: JDB1145@tamvm1.tamu.edu
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

In article <65934@mimsy.umd.edu>
mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
 
>
>Nanci Ann Miller writes:
>
]The "corrupted over and over" theory is pretty weak.  Comparison of the
]current hebrew text with old versions and translations shows that the text
]has in fact changed very little over a space of some two millennia.  This
]shouldn't be all that suprising; people who believe in a text in this manner
]are likely to makes some pains to make good copies.
 
Tell it to King James, mate.
 
]C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
]                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
]mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
]tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."
 
 
John Burke, jdb1145@summa.tamu.edu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51220
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Islamic marriage?

>DATE:   Tue, 6 Apr 1993 00:11:49 GMT
>FROM:   F. Karner <karner@austin.ibm.com>
>
>In article <1993Apr2.103237.4627@Cadence.COM>, mas@Cadence.COM (Masud Khan) writes:
>> In article <C4qAv2.24wG@austin.ibm.com> karner@austin.ibm.com (F. Karner) writes:
>> >
>> >Okay.  So you want me to name names?  There are obviously no official
>> >records of these pseudo-marriages because they are performed for
>> >convenience.  What happens typically is that the woman is willing to move
>> >in with her lover without any scruples or legal contracts to speak of. 
>> >The man is merely utilizing a loophole by entering into a temporary
>> >religious "marriage" contract in order to have sex.  Nobody complains,
>> >nobody cares, nobody needs to know.
>> >
>> >Perhaps you should alert your imam.  It could be that this practice is
>> >far more widespread than you may think.  Or maybe it takes 4 muslim men
>> >to witness the penetration to decide if the practice exists!
>> >-- 
>> >
>> 
>> Again you astound me with the level of ignorance you display, Muslims
>> are NOT allowed to enter temporary marriages, got that? There is
>> no evidence for it it an outlawed practise so get your facts 
>> straight buddy. Give me references for it or just tell everyone you
>> were lying. It is not a widespread as you may think (fantasise) in
>> fact contrary to your fantasies it is not practised at all amongst
>> Muslims.

Did you miss my post on this topic with the quote from The Indonesian
Handbook and Fred Rice's comments about temporary marriages?  If so, 
I will be glad to repost them.  Will you accept that it just may be 
a practice among some Muslims, if I do?  Or will you continue to claim
that we are all lying and that it is "not practised at all amongst Muslims".

I don't think F. Karner has to tell everyone anything.  Least of all that
he is lying.

Since you obviously know nothing about this practice, there is very little
you can contribute to the discussion except to accuse everyone of lying.
Perhaps it is your ignorance which is showing.  Learn more about Islam.
Learn more about Muslims.  Open your eyes.  Maybe you will also see some
of the things the atheists see.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51221
Subject: Re: Don't more innocents die without the death penalty?
From: lippard@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)

In article <chrisb.734068710@bAARNie>, chrisb@tafe.sa.edu.au (Chris BELL) writes...
>	killing is wrong
>	if you kill we will punish you
>	our punishment will be to kill you.
> 
>Seems to be lacking in consistency.

Not any more so than

      holding people against their will is wrong
      if you hold people against their will we will punish you
      our punishment will be to hold you against your will

Is there any punishment which isn't something which, if done by a private
person to another private person for no apparent reason, would lead to
punishment?  (Fines, I suppose.)

Jim Lippard              Lippard@CCIT.ARIZONA.EDU
Dept. of Philosophy      Lippard@ARIZVMS.BITNET
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51222
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses
From: lippard@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)

In article <kmr4.1444.734058912@po.CWRU.edu>, kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes...
>In article <SUOPANKI.93Apr6024902@stekt6.oulu.fi> suopanki@stekt6.oulu.fi (Heikki T. Suopanki) writes:
>>:> God is eternal.    [A = B]
>>:> Jesus is God.      [C = A]
>>:> Therefore, Jesus is eternal.  [C = B]
>>
>>:> This works both logically and mathematically.  God is of the set of
>>:> things which are eternal.  Jesus is a subset of God.   Therefore
>>:> Jesus belongs to the set of things which are eternal.

The first premise and the conclusion are not properly translated as identity
statements, since the "is" in those statements is the "is" of predication
rather than of identity.  Instead, they should be translated using a
predicate letter.  Using "g" to designate God and "j" to designate Jesus,
and the predicate letter "E" for the property of being eternal, the
first premise is Eg and the conclusion is Ej.
    The second premise appears to contain an "is" of identity, in which
case it can be properly symbolized as j = g.  But your remark that "Jesus
is a subset of God" suggests that strict identity is not desired here.
If, however, the first premise means that all members making up the set
God have the property of being eternal, the same conclusion follows.

Jim Lippard              Lippard@CCIT.ARIZONA.EDU
Dept. of Philosophy      Lippard@ARIZVMS.BITNET
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51223
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses
From: lippard@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)

In article <chrisb.734064380@bAARNie>, chrisb@tafe.sa.edu.au (Chris BELL) writes...
>jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
> 
>>My syllogism is of the form:
>>A is B.
>>C is A.
>>Therefore C is B.
> 
>>This is a logically valid construction.
> 
>>Your syllogism, however, is of the form:
>>A is B.
>>C is B.
>>Therefore C is A.
> 
>>Therefore yours is a logically invalid construction, 
>>and your comments don't apply.

If all of those are "is"'s of identity, both syllogisms are valid.
If, however, B is a predicate, then the second syllogism is invalid.
(The first syllogism, as you have pointed out, is valid--whether B
is a predicate or designates an individual.)

Jim Lippard              Lippard@CCIT.ARIZONA.EDU
Dept. of Philosophy      Lippard@ARIZVMS.BITNET
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51224
From: stank@cbnewsl.cb.att.com (Stan Krieger)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

student writes:

>Somewhere, roger colin shouse writes about "radical gay dogma."  Somewhere else
>he claims not to claim to have a claim to knowing those he doesn't know.
>There are at least twenty instances of this kind of muddleheaded fourth-
>reich-sophistique shit in his postings.  Maybe more.  In fact I'm not sure
>the instances could be counted, because they reproduce like a virus the more
>you consider his words.
>	My question is this: what is the best response to weasels like
>shouse and Stan Krieger?  Possibilities:
>	(a) study them dispassionately and figure out how they work, then
>(1) remember what you've learned so as to combat them when they or their clones
>get into office
>(2) contribute your insights to your favorite abnormal psych ward
>	(b) learn to overcome your repugnance for serial murder

This posting is totally uncalled for in rec.scouting.

The point has been raised and has been answered.  Roger and I have
clearly stated our support of the BSA position on the issue;
specifically, that homosexual behavior constitutes a violation of
the Scout Oath (specifically, the promise to live "morally straight").

There is really nothing else to discuss.  Trying to cloud the issue
with comparisons to Blacks or other minorities is also meaningless
because it's like comparing apples to oranges (i.e., people can't
control their race but they can control their behavior).

What else is there to possibly discuss on rec.scouting on this issue?
Nobody, including BSA, is denying anybody the right to live and/or
worship as they please or don't please,  but it doesn't mean that BSA
is the big bad wolf for adhering to the recognized, positive, religious
and moral standards on which our society has been established and on
which it should continue to be based.
-- 
Stan Krieger                 All opinions, advice, or suggestions, even
UNIX System Laboratories     if related to my employment, are my own.
Summit, NJ
smk@usl.com

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51225
From: davidk@welch.jhu.edu (David "Go-Go" Kitaguchi)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

In article 65934@mimsy.umd.edu, mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
:PNanci Ann Miller writes:
:P
:P>My favorite reply to the "you are being too literal-minded" complaint is
:P>that if the bible is really inspired by God and if it is really THAT
:P>important to him, then he would make damn certain all the translators and
:P>scribes and people interpreting and copying it were getting it right,
:P>literally.  If not, then why should I put ANY merit at all in something
:P>that has been corrupted over and over and over by man even if it was
:P>originally inspired by God?
:P
:PThe "corrupted over and over" theory is pretty weak.  Comparison of the
:Pcurrent hebrew text with old versions and translations shows that the text
:Phas in fact changed very little over a space of some two millennia.  This
:Pshouldn't be all that suprising; people who believe in a text in this manner
:Pare likely to makes some pains to make good copies.

Well corrupted the first time is good enough.  Seeing that the bible was constructed
400 years after Jesus's death, in the text of merchants (ie-owe this and owe that) I wonder how anyone can take the literal word seriously.  Obviously it was not intended for such nonsense, otherwise the authors of the bible would not need to plagerize (sp)
off of the Asians for most of the contents that can be interperated to make sense.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51226
From: davidk@welch.jhu.edu (David "Go-Go" Kitaguchi)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution


:P>My atheism is incidental, and the question of "God" is trivial.
:P
:P>But........
:P
:P>It matters a great deal to me when idiots try to force their belief on me,
:P>when they try to enforce their creation myths to be taught as scientific
:P>fact in school, when they tell me I can have no morals because morals are
:P>from "God", when a successful presidential candidate says that an atheist
:P>shouldn't be considered a citizen and couldn't be patriotic because "after
:P>all this is one nation under God", when the fundies try to take over the
:P>party that may well provide the next President of The United States of
:P>America so that they can force their beliefs on the rest of the country,
:P>et cetera..........
:P
:P>That's why I subscribe to alt.atheism.
:P
:P>And in the middle of this, people who aren't mind readers pop up on
:P>alt.atheism to tell me what I do or don't believe, or to concoct some
:P>straw-man reason why I don't share their particular belief.
:P
:P>You think I should just accept this?
:P
:P>This isn't particularly a dig at fundamentalist christians. I have been
:P>told on alt.atheism that I reject Allah because I am too proud to embrace
:P>islam, and that I reject Krishna because my eyes are closed. But most of
:P>the religious nuts who post on alt.atheism are some kind of militant
:P>christian who can't accept that others don't share their beliefs. This
:P>kind of stuff should be kept on talk.religion.misc, where it belongs.
:P
:P>ATHEISM ISN'T A BELIEF, IT'S THE ABSENCE OF BELIEF IN ANY GODS.
:P>                                 -------
:P
:P>Do you have a problem with this?
:P
:P>>
:P>>Bill
:PFirst, I would like to say that atheism is in fact a belief.  It is a beilief
:Pbecause a belief in something you hold to with ador and faith.  An atheist says there are no gods.  This cannot be proven. therefore you are excepting this on
:Pfaith alone.  That is a belief.  Secondly, you complain so much about how the 
:Pfundamental christians are trying to force their beliefs on you, but you don't
:Pmention anything about how the atheists, such as; Madamme Murry O'hare(founder
:Pof the Atheists Association in Austin Texas), and Robert Sherman(from the       Chicago area) have been trying to force their beliefs on everyone by trying to  get rid of God from our society by banning religious paintings from parks during Chistmas,  forcing cities to change their town seals if there is any mention of God in it (like Sherman has done), or trying to get the slogan "In God We Trust" off of the American currency? You also talk about creation "myths" as if they are in fact myths and tha
:P
:P
:P 
:Phave concrete evidece of this.  You probably
:Pdon't and that just enforces my point that your atheism is just as much belief as my christianity.  If this is not so please do show me why it isn't.  
:PMark Covalt 

The only real problem I have with the argument of christianity is that they seem to ignore their origin that being Asiatic in origin.  As soon as christians become the 
good non ego-centric Buddhists they are supposed to be, then I might listen.

My opinion, I speak not for my place of employment... But I should...
"Christ was over-rated, and will the ATF follow Koresh (the current Christ) through
his ascention to heaven?"

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51227
From: bevans@carina.unm.edu (Mathemagician)
Subject: Re: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Introduction to Atheism

I have an addition to the FAQ regarding "why are there no atheist
hospitals."

If I recall correctly, Johns Hopkins was built to provide medical
services without the "backing" of a religious group...thus making it a
hospital "dedicated to the glory of [weak] atheism."

Might someone check up on this?

-- 
Brian Evans                |     "Bad mood, bad mood...Sure I'm in a bad mood!
bevans@carina.unm.edu      |      I haven't had sex...*EVER!*" -- Virgin Mary

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51228
From: naren@tekig1.PEN.TEK.COM (Naren Bala)
Subject: Re: Theists posting

In article <C4ux99.AIC@ra.nrl.navy.mil> khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil (Umar Khan) writes:

Stuff deleted 

>Is there a concordance for the FAQ?  WHich translation is considered
>most authoritative?  Is there an orthodox commentary for the FAQ
>available?  Is there one FAQ for militant atheists and another for
>moderate atheists; or, do you all read from the same FAQ?  If so,
>how do you resolve differences of interpretation?

Hmmmmmmmmmmmm.............................................         
I can put the same question to followers of any religion. How do you
Moslems resolve differences of opinion ?? Don't tell me that there
is one interpretation of the Quran. Read the soc.culture.* newsgroups.
You will zillions of different interpretations.

-- Naren
naren@TEKIG1.PEN.TEK.COM 

All standard disclaimers apply


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51229
From: naren@tekig1.PEN.TEK.COM (Naren Bala)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

>snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
> More horrible deaths resulted from atheism than anything else.
>

LIST OF KILLINGS IN THE NAME OF RELIGION 
1. Iran-Iraq War: 1,000,000
2. Civil War in Sudan: 1,000,000
3, Riots in India-Pakistan in 1947: 1,000,000
4. Massacares in Bangladesh in 1971: 1,000,000
5. Inquistions in America in 1500s: x million (x=??)
6. Crusades: ??

I am sure that people can add a lot more to the list.
I wonder what Bobby has to say about the above. 
Standard Excuses will not be accepted.
-- Naren

All standard disclaimers apply


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51230
From: richard@harlqn.co.uk (Richard Brooksby)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu> writes:

> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
> > More horrible deaths resulted from atheism than anything else.
>
> There are definitely quite a few horrible deaths as the result of
> both atheists AND theists.  ...  Perhaps, since I'm a bit weak on
> history, somone here would like to give a list of wars caused/led by
> theists? ...

This thread seems to be arguing the validity of a religious viewpoint
according to some utilitarian principle, i.e. atheism/religion is
wrong because it causes death.  The underlying `moral' is that death
is `wrong'.  This is a rather arbitrary measure of validity.

Get some epistemology.
---
richard@harlequin.com		  (Internet)
richard@harlequin.co.uk           (Internet)
RPTB1@UK.AC.CAMBRIDGE.PHOENIX     (JANET)
Zen Buddhist

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51231
From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: Radical Agnostic... NOT!

[reply to zazen@austin.ibm.com (E. H. Welbon)]
 
>>>     There is no means that i can possibly think of to prove beyond doubt
>>>that a god does not exist (but if anyone has one, by all means, tell me
>>>what it is).  Therefore, lacking this ability of absolute proof, being an
>>>atheist becomes an act of faith in and of itself, and this I cannot accept.
>>> I accept nothing on blind faith.
 
>>Invisible Pink Flying Unicorns!  Need I say more?
 
>...I harbor no beliefs at all, there is no good evidence for god
>existing or not.  Some folks call this agnosticism.  It does not suffer
>from "blind faith" at all.  I think of it as "Don't worry, be happy".
 
For many atheists, the lack of belief in gods is secondary to an
epistemological consideration:  what do we accept as a reliable way of
knowing?  There are no known valid logical arguments for the existence
of gods, nor is there any empirical evidence that they exist.  Most
philosophers and theologians agree that the idea of a god is one that
must be accepted on faith.  Faith is belief without a sound logical
basis or empirical evidence.  It is a reliable way of knowing?
 
There is probably nothing else most people would accept in the absence
of any possibility of proof.  Even when we agree to take someone elses
word "on faith", we just mean that having found this person to be
reliable in the past, we judge him likely to be a reliable source now.
If we find faith less reliable than logic and empirical evidence
everywhere else, why assume it will provide reliable knowledge about
gods?
 
The difference between the atheist and the theist is fundamentally then
one of whether or not faith is held to be a reliable way of knowing,
rather than, as some agnostic posters would have it, whether ones faith
is in gods or no gods.  The theist believes that faith is an acceptable
basis for a belief in gods, even if he rejects faith as reliable at
other times, for example in his work as a scientist.  The atheist
believes that only logic and empirical evidence lead to reliable
knowledge.  Agnosticism seems to me a less defensible position than
theism or atheism, unless one is a sceptic in regards to all other
knowledge.  Without evidence, why should we believe in gods rather than
Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny?
 
I would also like to point out as others have that the atheist doesn't
require absolute knowledge of the lack of gods.  I don't believe that
there is any such thing as absolute knowledge.  Atheism is the best and
simplest theory to fit the (lack of) facts and so should be held until
contrary evidence is found.
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51232
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Is Keith as ignorant as he seems?

mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus) writes:

>>>No, everything wouldn't be OK, but it would be a start.
>>Now wait, if the religious organizations were no longer tax-exempt, what
>>other beef could you have?  They would then have as much right to lobby
>>as would any other group.
>You asked "would everything be okay".  I answered no.  Everything 
>encompasses more than just the tax-exempt status of religious 
>organizations.

Well, if everything wouldn't be okay, then tell us what it is that
wouldn't be okay.   That is, if religions were no longer tax-exempt, then
what would be wrong with their lobbying or otherwise attempting to
influence politics?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51233
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Keith Schneider - Stealth Poster?

mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus) writes:

>Let me see if I understand what you are saying.  In order to talk 
>knowledgeably about religion, Atheists must first have been so immersed 
>in a religion that only the rare individual could have left.  

No, you don't understand.  I said that I don't think people can discuss
the subjective merits of religion objectively.  This should be obvious.
People here have said that everyone would be better off without religion,
but this almost certainly isn't true.

>>But really, are you threatened by the motto, or by the people that use it?
>The motto is a tool.  Let's try to take away the tool.

But, guns and axes are tools, both of which have been used for murder.
Should both be taken away?  That is to say, I don't think motto misuse
warrants its removal.  At least not in this case.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51234
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Keith Schneider - Stealth Poster?

cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes:

>I somewhat agree with u.  However, what it comes to (theist) religion, 
>it's a different matter.  That's because religion is like a drug, once u
>use it, it's very difficult to get out of it.  That's because in
>order to experience a religion, u necessarily have to have blind faith,
>and once u have the blind faith, it's very diffcult for you to reason
>yourself back to atheism again.
>Therefore, it's unreasonable to ask people to try religion in order to
>judge it.  It's like asking people to "try dying to find out what
>death is like".

Well now, we can't judge death until we are dead right?  So, why should
we judge religion without having experienced it?  People have said that
religion is bad by any account, and that it is in no way useful, etc.,
but I don't totally agree with this.  Of course, we cannot really say
how the religious folk would act had they not been exposed to religion,
but some people at least seemed to be helped in some ways by it.

So basically, we can not judge whether religion is the right route for
a given individual, or even for a general population.  We can say that
it is not best for us personally (at least, you can choose not to use
religion--might be hard to try to find out its benefits, as you state
above).

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51235
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Political Atheists?

mmwang@adobe.com (Michael Wang) writes:

>I was looking for a rigorous definition because otherwise we would be
>spending the rest of our lives arguing what a "Christian" really
>believes.

I don't think we need to argue about this.

>KS>Do you think that the motto points out that this country is proud
>KS>of its freedom of religion, and that this is something that
>KS>distinguishes us from many other countries?
>MW>No.
>KS>Well, your opinion is not shared by most people, I gather.
>Perhaps not, but that is because those seeking to make government
>recognize Christianity as the dominant religion in this country do not
>think they are infringing on the rights of others who do not share
>their beliefs.

Yes, but also many people who are not trying to make government recognize
Christianity as the dominant religion in this country do no think
the motto infringes upon the rights of others who do not share their
beliefs.

And actually, I think that the government already does recognize that
Christianity is the dominant religion in this country.  I mean, it is.
Don't you realize/recognize this?

This isn't to say that we are supposed to believe the teachings of
Christianity, just that most people do.

>Like I've said before I personally don't think the motto is a major
>concern.

If you agree with me, then what are we discussing?

>KS>Since most people don't seem to associate Christmas with Jesus much
>KS>anymore, I don't see what the problem is.
>Can you prove your assertion that most people in the U.S. don't
>associate Christmas with Jesus anymore?

No, but I hear quite a bit about Christmas, and little if anything about
Jesus.  Wouldn't this figure be more prominent if the holiday were really
associated to a high degree with him?  Or are you saying that the
association with Jesus is on a personal level, and that everyone thinks
about it but just never talks about it?

That is, can *you* prove that most people *do* associate Christmas
most importantly with Jesus?

>Anyways, the point again is that there are people who do associate
>Christmas with Jesus. It doesn't matter if these people are a majority
>or not.

I think the numbers *do* matter.  It takes a majority, or at least a
majority of those in power, to discriminate.  Doesn't it?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51236
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>> The probability that the "automobile system" will kill someone 
>> innocent in an accident goes asymptotically close to 1, just 
>> like the court system.
>However, anyone who doesn't like the "automobile system" can
>opt out, as I have.

This isn't true.  Many people are forced to use the "automobile system."
I certainly don't use it by choice.  If there were other ways of getting
around, I'd do it.

>Secondly, we do try to make the "automobile system" as safe
>as possible, because we *do* recognize the danger to the 
>innocent, whereas the US - the current example - is not trying
>to make the "Court System" safer, which it could fairly easily
>do by replacing fatal punishments with non-fatal punishments.

But I think that the Court system has been refined--over hundreds of
years in the US, Britain, and other countries.  We have tried to make
it as fair as possible.  Can it be made better (without removing the
death penalty)?  Besides, life imprisonment sounds like a fatal punishment
to me.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51237
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Political Atheists?

dace@shrike.und.ac.za (Roy Dace) writes:

>Keith Allan Schneider (keith@cco.caltech.edu) wrote:

>Some soldiers are dependent on religion, for a number of purposes.
>And some are no doubt dependent on cocaine, yet I don't see the military paying
>for coca fields.

While religion certainly has some benefits in a combat situation, what are
the benefits of cocaine?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51238
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: >>>>>>Pompous ass

<MVS104@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:

>>Many people would probably think (especially if the fanatics propogandized
>>this) that this was a conflict between the atheists and the religious.
>>Many would get the impression that we were trying to outlaw religion, if
>>we contintue to try to remove all things with a religious reference.
>That's not what the people I've asked think. Perhaps you would be right
>if you said the fundamentalists would think this way; after all, they think
>they are being oppressed when they are not allowed to oppress. However,
>you have not shown where you get this idea that 'many' people would
>'probably' think it's atheism vs. religion, winner take all. As far as I can
>tell, it is your groundless prediction that this will happen.

But you haven't taken into the account of propoganda.  Remember, if you
asked Germans before WWII if the Jews shoudl be slaughtered, they would
probably answer no, but, after the propoganda machine rolled through, at
least some were able to tolerate it.

You see, it only takes a small group of fanatics to whip up a general
frenzy.

>>THe propoganda machines have been in gear over a number of issues, including
>>abortion and gays...  look at some of the things that have happened.
>Well, so far they have passed one amendment, which is currently under
>intense scrutiny, and they have failed to outlaw abortion, which is their
>prime goal on that issue. Yep, they seem sooo effective. Sure.

Well, they haven't managed to outlaw abortion due to the possible objectivity
of the courts.  But, they have managed to create quite a few problems for
people that wanted to have an abortion.  They could create similar problems
for us.  And, it could be worse.  They can try to stop abortions by blocking
clinics, etc., but imagine what they'd have to do to stop atheism.

>>>>Besides, the margin of error is very large when you only talk to two people.
>>>Better than your one, that is, your opinion. Also, I have branched
>>>out and the informal survey is up over half a dozen now.
>>And, what have they said?  Were you questions unbiased?
>Keith, you would claim that my questions are biased the minute I posted
>them, because the answers agreed with me. Everyone I have asked about
>the possible removal of the motto (the christian portion) has expressed
>regret about its loss, because they like it. However, when it is pointed
>out to them that a new motto will not be in the works, none have expressed
>the desire to rape, murder, pillage, etc., which you have basically claimed.

So, you are able to convince them individually, but could you convince a
whole room of them?  A whole nation?

>As for the atheist portion (I know some around here), they have all
>expressed disgust with the motto. Some noted being harassed by christians
>who used the motto to try to seem justified. And all would see it gone.

Yes, I'd be glad if it were gone to.  I've never supported it.  However,
I think that it is a minor problem that can be easily ignored, contrasted
with what *could* happen (an what may be likely).

>>Which Christians designed the motto?  Does the motto say anything about
>>Jesus?  Why do you think that it refers *only* to Christians?
>Christians wrote it; christians think that their religion is right, and
>all others are wrong; therefore, why would they 'include' other religions
>in the realm of being correct? I doubt that any other religions were meant
>to be included.

Well, I am not clear on the religious convictions of Francis Scott Key (the
motto can be attributed to him), but it is at least clear that he believed
in a god.  And, surely there are a few Christians that think as you say,
but I don't think that most do.  Do you think that all Christians actively
despise other religions?  Most that I have met haven't and don't do so.

>>>No christian
>>>that I have queried thinks it means anything but them, and only them.
>>Why not ask some people of other faiths?
>Sorry, I would, but christianity is just so awfully popular around here.
>Suppose you could ask a few people?

Well, I have asked a Hindu, Moselem, and a few Jews, and all of them think
that it is applicable to them.  Of course, I can't say that these people
(just some that I know pretty well) are accurate representations of their
faiths.

>>It is always a good idea to assume that there were dissenting views on any
>>given issue.  You are assuming that all the views were the same, and nothing
>>leads to this conclusion.
>Without evidence to the contrary, I doubt that there were dissenting
>opinions. You claim there were. Provide some evidence for your assertion.

Well, I'd really like to, and I've tried, but I really don't know where to
get access to _Congressional Records_ from the 1950's.  Can anyone help
out here?

>Comparing christians to Nazis? Interesting.

Only in the sense that neither can probably convinced to change their beliefs.

>>>>No, again, the motto on the money doesn't cost you anything extra.  However,
>>>>if you abolished the motto, we'd all have to pay to have all the dies and
>>>>plates redone.
>>>Like people paid before to get them changed to have the motto on them.
>>You now need to show that there is a good reason to change everything again.

>... Also, I doubt that they use th3
>same plates for more than a year's printing; this would make it easy
>to remove the motto (simply make next year's plates without it). Your
>claim, evidently, is that they will have to pay extra somewhere.
>Provide some evidence for this assertion.

So, are you saying that they redesign the plates each year?

Anyway, your whole argument (conveniently deleted I see) was that the motto
somehow costs us all a lot of money.  This is just not correct.

>>The ones I read didn't mention anything about Jesus.  I think the issue was
>>concerning the distinction between religion and not.
>How could it be between religious and not religious? The motto
>refers to god; it is a religious motto. The question is whether or
>not it is only christian. You say it is more. I doubt this. Provide
>some evidence for this assertion.

That is to say, the religion of this country, and the non-religion of
the USSR.  That was what most of those quotes were about, and some included
all atheists, in general, as well.  I don't think that any of the quotes
(although I seem to have lost them) mentioned anything at all about Jesus.
They advocated religion over non-religion.  A specific religion was not
mentioned.

>>You have missed this point.  I said that the motto didn't say anything
>>about anyone in particular.  That is, the motto doesn't imply anything
>>about *your* particular beliefs.  It doesn't say that everyone trusts
>>in some form of god, only that the nation on the whole does.
>We have been through this before. It's obvious it does not include me;
>this much is beyond doubt. Your claim, again, is that the motto refers
>to more than christians. Based on the facts that christianity says all
>other religions are wrong, and because it seems that the motto was
>written by christians, I doubt your claim.

So, you are saying that all Christians must believe that all other religions
should be outlawed, just because they think they are wrong?  That's silly.
I think the Flat-Earthers are wrong, but I don't advocate their banishment.

>[...]  Based on this idea I doubt that any additional expense would
>even be incurred by removing the motto. Provide some evidence for your
>claim that it would.

I think that any such cost would be insignificant.  I mentioned the slight
cost because you said that the motto was costing us a lot of money by
being on our currency.

>Disregarding the digression of the other motto...If it is used for
>harassment, and no other purpose has been found for it, why should
>it not be removed?

Well, mottos in general don't really have purposes...  I don't think it
should be removed because I think the benefit would be outweighed by the
consequences.

>>And do you know what the vote was?  Were there other opinions?  Do you
>>think that the main reason the motto was required by law was to bother
>>atheists?  Do you think that this is what the majority of congress at
>>the time had in mind?  If you do, then show why.
>Again, it is the opinion of the people who put it there that I am
>concerned with.

Then you should be concerned with the opinion of the entire congress.

>Again, it is not necessary that the complete majority
>shared the purpose of confronting 'godless Communism' with this motto.

Why not?  It is the majority that put it there.

>>The general public probably does not know about the anti-atheist intent
>>of a few people in the 50's either.
>I daresay more people remember the 50's than the time when Key wrote
>the anthem.

But do they remember the debate surrounding the motto?  Do they remember
that some people intended it to be a message against atheists?  Why don't
you include this in your little survey that you were conducting?

[...]
>You claim here that scientists would believe someone's claims. I doubt
>this. Provide evidence for your assertion.

What?  Should I ask some scientists the probability that something Einstein
said about relativity is worthy?  I mean, if Einstein said it, there's a
good chance that it was right (at least at the time).

>As for the courts, the
>method scientists use can be applied. I need not agree with the court
>by default because of a 'good record.'

You need not agree with them all of the time, but you would certainly think
that their decisions would be good evidence in favor of some point.

>>What?  But you said you didn't agree with the court because they "allowed
>>Congress to attempt to make an amendment prohibiting flag burning."  If
>>you don't realize that something like this is external to the realm of
>>the court's power, then how can I be confident that you know *anything*
>>about the court's powers?  I mean, if you don't know how the court works,
>>how can you participate in a discussion of the court?
>A judge can go to speak before Congress. And still you ignore the
>abortion gag rule, as you make your claims on abortion.

No, I think that it would be clearly inappropriate for a Supreme Court
Justice to testify before Congress during the consideration of a
Constitutional Amendment.

And, in order for the Court to rule on something, a case usually must be
presented.

>>Mushrooms, flowers, trees, buildings, signs, whatever...  the analogy is
>>the same.  Just because something that I might find offensive is present
>>doesn't mean that my rights are being violated.
>We are talking about something put there by people, Keith...not
>a mushroom. No one caused that mushroom to exist, unless you're
>finding things offensive in a mushroom farm.

Yes, some mushrooms can be planted.  And, I don't appreciate mushrooms on
my pizza, either.

>This is not the case
>with the motto. And you're ignoring the harassment which is the
>only known result of the motto, and you're ignoring that somewhere
>along the line people were forced to put the motto there.

Who was forced to put the motto there?  What do you mean?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51239
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

suopanki@stekt.oulu.fi writes:
> On 5 Apr 93 11:24:30 MST, jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com said:
> :> God is eternal.    [A = B]
> :> Jesus is God.      [C = A]
> :> Therefore, Jesus is eternal.  [C = B]
> 
> :> This works both logically and mathematically.  God is of the set of
> :> things which are eternal.  Jesus is a subset of God.   Therefore
> :> Jesus belongs to the set of things which are eternal.
> 
> Everything isn't always so logical....
> 
> Mercedes is a car.
> That girl is Mercedes.
> Therefore, that girl is a car?

Unfortunately your phrasing is ambiguous.  Re-writing more carefully, we have
(at least) two possibilities.  The first:

Things called "Mercedes" are cars
That girl is called "Mercedes"
Therefore that girl is a car

That is entirely valid as a piece of logical deduction.  It is not sound,
because the first statement is false.  Similarly, I would hold that Jim's
example is valid but not sound.

Another possible interpretation of what you wrote is:

There exists at least one car called "Mercedes"
That girl is called "Mercedes"
Therefore that girl is a car

-- which isn't valid.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51240
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>>>Perhaps we shouldn't imprision people if we could watch them closely
>>>instead.  The cost would probably be similar, especially if we just
>>>implanted some sort of electronic device.
>>Why wait until they commit the crime?  Why not implant such devices in
>>potential criminals like Communists and atheists?
> 
> Sorry, I don't follow your reasoning.  You are proposing to punish people
> *before* they commit a crime?  What justification do you have for this?

Look up "irony", Keith.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51241
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>>As for rape, surely there the burden of guilt is solely on the rapist?
> 
> Not so.  If you are thrown into a cage with a tiger and get mauled, do you
> blame the tiger?

As far as I know, tigers are not sentient.  If I were pushed into a pool with
some dolphins and they attacked me, I might be inclined to blame the dolphins
rather than the person doing the pushing, as (a) dolphins are not usually
aggressive and (b) they seem to have well-developed brains and a capacity for
abstract thought.

As a matter of fact, tigers rarely attack humans unless the human provokes
them.  Of course, if they are in a cage which is far too small, that might
count as provocation...


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51242
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
> ( I am almost sure that Zyklon-B is immediate and painless method of 
> death. If not, insert soem other form. )
> 
>         And, ethnic and minority groups have been killed, mutilated and 
> exterminated through out history, so I guess it was not unusual.
> 
>         So, you would agree that the holocost would be allowed under the US 
> Constitution?  [ in so far, the punishment. I doubt they recieved what would 
> be considered a "fair" trial by US standards.

Don't be so sure.  Look what happened to Japanese citizens in the US during
World War II.  If you're prepared to say "Let's round these people up and
stick them in a concentration camp without trial", it's only a short step to
gassing them without trial.  After all, it seems that the Nazis originally
only intended to imprison the Jews; the Final Solution was dreamt up partly
because they couldn't afford to run the camps because of the devastation
caused by Goering's Total War.  Those who weren't gassed generally died of
malnutrition or disease.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51243
From: Tony Lezard <tony@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: atheist?

I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:

> In article <ii1i2B1w165w@mantis.co.uk>
> Tony Lezard <tony@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>  
> (Deletion)
> >
> >My opinion is that the strong atheist position requires too much
> >belief for me to be comfortable with. Any strong atheists out there
> >care to comment? 
>[...]
> Humans just come up with the idea of a spiritual parent. It is one
> of the artifacts of human thought. The evidence for that is quite
> overwhelming. And the information content of the conceived is vanishing.
>  
> In other words, if there were gods, they would hardly make sense, and
> it is possible to explain the phenomenon of religion without gods.
>  
> The concept is useless, and I don't have to introduce new assumptions
> in order to show that.
>  
> No leap of faith required for me. Your mileage may vary.

Yes I fully agree with that, but is it "I don't believe gods exist", or
"I believe no gods exist"? As MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
pointed out, it all hinges on what you take the word "believe" to mean.

Unfortunately this is bound up in the definitions of strong and weak
atheism, at least according to the FAQ:

# Atheism is characterized by an absence of belief in the existence of God.
# Some atheists go further, and believe that God does not exist.  The former is
# often referred to as the "weak atheist" position, and the latter as "strong
# atheism".
# 
# It is important to note the difference between these two positions.  "Weak
# atheism" is simple scepticism; disbelief in the existence of God.  "Strong
# atheism" is a positive belief that God does not exist.  Please do not
# fall into the trap of assuming that all atheists are "strong atheists".

(From mathew's "An Introduction to Atheism" version 1.2 last modified 5-Apr-93)

Should the FAQ be clarified to try to pin down this notion of "belief"?
Can it?

-- 
Tony Lezard IS tony@mantis.co.uk OR tony%mantis.co.uk@uknet.ac.uk OR things
like tony%uk.co.mantis@uk.ac.nsfnet-relay OR (last resort) arl10@phx.cam.ac.uk
PGP 2.2 public key available on request.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51244
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
> I think you mean circular, not recursive, but that is semantics.
> Recursiveness has no problems, it is just horribly inefficient (just ask
> any assembly programmer.)

Tail-recursive functions in Scheme are at least as efficient as iterative
loops.  Anyone who doesn't program in assembler will have heard of optimizing
compilers.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51245
From: MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In <114127@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu writes:

[deletia]

> I don't understand the point of this petty sarcasm. It is a basic 
> principle of Islam that if one is born muslim or one says "I testify
> that there is no god but God and Mohammad is a prophet of God" that,
> so long as one does not explicitly reject Islam by word then one _must_
> be considered muslim by all muslims. So the phenomenon you're attempting
> to make into a general rule or psychology is a direct odds with basic
> Islamic principles. If you want to attack Islam you could do better than
> than to argue against something that Islam explicitly contradicts.

      In the deletions somewhere, it mentioned something about chopping
off of hands being a punishment for theft in Saudi Arabia. Assuming this
is so (I wouldn't know), and assuming it is done by people fitting your
requirement for "muslim" (which I find highly likely), then would you
please try to convince Bobby Mozumder that muslims chop people's hands
off?

      Come back when you've succeeded.

-- 
  Disclaimer?   "It's great to be young and insane!"

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51246
From: lucio@proxima.alt.za (Lucio de Re)
Subject: A fundamental contradiction (was: A visit from JWs)

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:

>"Will" is "self-determination".  In other words, God created conscious
>beings who have the ability to choose between moral choices independently
>of God.  All "will", therefore, is "free will".

The above is probably not the most representative paragraph, but I
thought I'd hop on, anyway...

What strikes me as self-contradicting in the fable of Lucifer's
fall - which, by the way, I seem to recall to be more speculation
than based on biblical text, but my ex RCism may be showing - is
that, as Benedikt pointed out, Lucifer had perfect nature, yet he
had the free will to "choose" evil.  But where did that choice come
from?

We know from Genesis that Eve was offered an opportunity to sin by a
tempter which many assume was Satan, but how did Lucifer discover,
invent, create, call the action what you will, something that God
had not given origin to?

Also, where in the Bible is there mention of Lucifer's free will?
We make a big fuss about mankind having free will, but it strikes me
as being an after-the-fact rationalisation, and in fact, like
salvation, not one that all Christians believe in identically.

At least in my mind, salvation and free will are very tightly
coupled, but then my theology was Roman Catholic...

Still, how do theologian explain Lucifer's fall?  If Lucifer had
perfect nature (did man?) how could he fall?  How could he execute an
act that (a) contradicted his nature and (b) in effect cause evil to
exist for the first time?
-- 
Lucio de Re (lucio@proxima.Alt.ZA) - tab stops at four.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51247
From: lucio@proxima.alt.za (Lucio de Re)
Subject: Re: atheist?

Tony Lezard <tony@mantis.co.uk> writes:

>My opinion is that the strong atheist position requires too much
>belief for me to be comfortable with. Any strong atheists out there
>care to comment? As far as I can tell, strong atheists are far
>outnumbered on alt.atheism by weak atheists.

At the cost of repudiating the FAQ, I think too much is made of the
strong vs weak atheism issue, although in the context of alt.atheism,
where we're continually attacked on the basis that strong atheists
"believe" in the non-existence of god, I think the separation is a
valid one.

To cover my arse, what I'm trying to say is that there is an
infinitely grey area between weak and strong, as well as between
strong and the unattainable mathematical atheism (I wish!).  Whereas I
_logically_ can only support the weak atheist position, in effect I am
a strong atheist (and wish I could be a mathematical one).  To
justify my strong atheist position I believe I need only show that
the evidence presented in favour of any of the gods under scrutiny
is faulty.

If I read the FAQ correctly, no argument for the existence of god
(generic, as represented by mainstream theologians) has ever been
found to be unassailable.  To me this is adequate evidence that the
_real_god_ is undefinable (or at least no definition has yet been
found to be watertight), which in turn I accept as sufficient to
base a disbelief in each and every conceivable god.

I'm a little fuzzy on the edges, though, so opinions are welcome
(but perhaps we should change the thread subject).
-- 
Lucio de Re (lucio@proxima.Alt.ZA) - tab stops at four.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51249
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
> Why would the Rushdie case be particularly legitimate? As I've said
> elsewhere on this issue, Rushdie's actions had effects in Islamic
> countries so that it is not so simple to say that he didn't commit
> a crime in an Islamic country.

Actually, it is simple.

A person P has committed a crime C in country X if P was within the borders
of X at the time when C was committed.  It doesn't matter if the physical
manifestation of C is outside X.

For instance, if I hack into NASA's Ames Research Lab and delete all their
files, I have committed a crime in the United Kingdom.  If the US authorities
wish to prosecute me under US law rather than UK law, they have no automatic
right to do so.

This is why the net authorities in the US tried to put pressure on some sites
in Holland.  Holland had no anti-cracking legislation, and so it was viewed
as a "hacker haven" by some US system administrators.

Similarly, a company called Red Hot Television is broadcasting pornographic
material which can be received in Britain.  If they were broadcasting in
Britain, they would be committing a crime.  But they are not, they are
broadcasting from Denmark, so the British Government is powerless to do
anything about it, in spite of the apparent law-breaking.

Of course, I'm not a lawyer, so I could be wrong.  More confusingly, I could
be right in some countries but not in others...


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51250
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <114140@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
>>>>> In cases of prostitution
>>>>>both the man and the prostitute would be punished in public, quite
>>>>>severely.
 
(Deletion)
 
>
>>No Gregg, you cannot say A is lenient and A punishes severely in public.
>>Unless, of course, it is one of the exceptions implied by "almost all
>>matters".
>
>That depends on the statistics and who is punished in public. If some
>power (for example, nothing Islamic about it) allows men to rape women
>five times before blowing the rapist's head off in public then I'd call
>that leniency, wouldn't you?
>
 
You have given that example. It is not lenient. End of argument.
 
And chopping off the hands or heads of people is not lenient either. It
rather appears that you are internalized the claims about the legal system
without checking if they suit the description.
 
And wasn't the argument that it takes five men to rape a woman according
to Islamic law?
 
 
>>While I don't approve of it, I think both the prostitute and the customer
>>have the right to do what they do. In other words, punishing them is a
>>violation of their rights. And to punish them severely in public is just
>>another pointer to the hysteria connected with sexuality in so many
>>religions.
>
>Believe what you like.
>
 
No, I even believe what I don't like. Can you give better answers than that?
Have you got any evidence for your probably opposite claims?
 
 
>>In this case, I don't see why I should accept the complex ridden views
>>of an oriental goatherd.
>
>Ah, yes, I forget that the West is historically so much without sexual
>neurosis :)
>
>"Oriental goatherd", _really_ intellectual.
>
 
A fact, if memory serves. And most will see the connection between the
primitive machism in the Orient and in Islam.
 
>>If people agree on having sex it is fine. And I would assume that a
>>god would have a clue of what the detrimental effects of supressing it
>>are.
>
>Huh? Ever heard of AIDs? (Of course you'll probably go on to say that
>God must be evil because he allows the disease to exist, bla bla).
>
 
As usually you miss the point. Aids is  neither spread only through sex
nor necessarily spread by having sex. Futher, the point is, a very important
point, the urge for sex is stronger than the fear of AIDS. It is even
stronger than the religious attempts to channel or to forbid sex. The
consequences of suppressing sex are worse than the consequences of Aids.
Please note that the idea that everybody would end up with AIDS when sex
is not controlled is completely counterfactual.
 
 
And since you have brought up the point, is your god evil or not?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51251
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Biblical Rape

In article <1993Apr05.174537.14962@watson.ibm.com>
strom@Watson.Ibm.Com (Rob Strom) writes:
 
>
>In article <16BA7F16C.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de>, I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>
>I didn't have time to read the rest of the posting, but
>I had to respond to this.
>
>I am absolutely NOT a "Messianic Jew".
>
 
Another mistake. Sorry, I should have read alt.,messianic more carefully.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51252
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <1993Apr3.221101.25314@midway.uchicago.edu> shou@midway.uchicago.edu writes:
>In article <1pi0dhINN8ub@dsi.dsinc.com> perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:
>>Bigots never concede that their bigotry is irrational; it
>>is other people who determine that by examining their arguments.
>[...]
>No!  I  expected it! You've set yourself up a wonderful little
>world where a bigot is whomever you say it is.  This is very 
>comfortable for you--imagine, never having to entertain an
>argument against your belief system.  Simply accuse the person
>making of being a bigot.  

Well, this particular thread of vituperation slopped its venom over
into alt.atheism, where we spend most of our time entertaining
arguments against our belief system, without resorting to accusing
others of bigotry.  It's somewhat ironic that our exposure to bigotry
happens in this instance to have originated in rec.scouting, since I
always understood scouting to teach tolerance and diversity.  I
understand bigotry to be irrational prejudice against other people who
happen to be of a different race, religion, ethnic background, sex, or
other inconsequential characteristics.  All the evidence I've seen
indicates that sexual orientation and lack of belief in gods are
exactly such inconsequential characteristics.  Thus, pending further
evidence, I conclude that those who show prejudice against such people
are bigots, and organizations that exclude such people are
discriminatory.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51253
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution

In article <1pq47tINN8lp@senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU>
bobs@thnext.mit.edu (Robert Singleton) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>
>I will argue that your latter statement, "I believe that no gods exist"
>does rest upon faith - that is, if you are making a POSITIVE statement
>that "no gods exist" (strong atheism) rather than merely saying I don't
>know and therefore don't believe in them and don't NOT believe in then
>(weak atheism). Once again, to not believe in God is different than saying
>I BELIEVE that God does not exist. I still maintain the position, even
>after reading the FAQs, that strong atheism requires faith.
>
 
No it in the way it is usually used. In my view, you are saying here that
driving a car requires faith that the car drives.
 
For me it is a conclusion, and I have no more faith in it than I have in the
premises and the argument used.
 
 
>But first let me say the following.
>We might have a language problem here - in regards to "faith" and
>"existence". I, as a Christian, maintain that God does not exist.
>To exist means to have being in space and time. God does not HAVE
>being - God IS Being. Kierkegaard once said that God does not
>exist, He is eternal. With this said, I feel it's rather pointless
>to debate the so called "existence" of God - and that is not what
>I'm doing here. I believe that God is the source and ground of
>being. When you say that "god does not exist", I also accept this
>statement - but we obviously mean two different things by it. However,
>in what follows I will use the phrase "the existence of God" in it's
>'usual sense' - and this is the sense that I think you are using it.
>I would like a clarification upon what you mean by "the existence of
>God".
>
 
No, that's a word game. The term god is used in a different way usually.
When you use a different definition it is your thing, but until it is
commonly accepted you would have to say the way I define god is ... and
that does not exist, it is existence itself, so I say it does not exist.
 
Interestingly, there are those who say that "existence exists" is one of
the indubitable statements possible.
 
Further, saying god is existence is either a waste of time, existence is
already used and there is no need to replace it by god, or you are implying
more with it, in which case your definition and your argument so far
are incomplete, making it a fallacy.
 
 
(Deletion)
>One can never prove that God does or does not exist. When you say
>that you believe God does not exist, and that this is an opinion
>"based upon observation", I will have to ask "what observtions are
>you refering to?" There are NO observations - pro or con - that
>are valid here in establishing a POSITIVE belief.
(Deletion)
 
Where does that follow? Aren't observations based on the assumption
that something exists?
 
And wouldn't you say there is a level of definition that the assumption
"god is" is meaningful. If not, I would reject that concept anyway.
 
So, where is your evidence for that "god is" is meaningful at some level?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51254
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Is Morality Constant (was Re: Biblical Rape)

This (frayed) thread has turned into a patented alt.atheism 5-on-1
ping-pong game, and I don't have any strong disagreement, so I'll try
to stick to the one thing I don't quite follow about the argument:

It seems to me that there is a contradiction in arguing that the Bible
was "enlightened for its times" (i.e. closer to what we would consider
morally good based on our standards and past experience) on the one
hand [I hope this summarizes this argument adequately], and on the
other hand:

In article <1993Apr03.001125.23294@watson.ibm.com> strom@Watson.Ibm.Com (Rob Strom) writes:
}In article <1phpe1INN8g6@dsi.dsinc.com>, perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:

}|> }Disclaimer:  I'm speaking from the Jewish perspective,
}|> }where "the Bible" means what many call the Old Testament,
}|> }and where the interpretation is not necessarily the
}|> }raw text, but instead the court cases, commentaries
}|> }and traditions passed down through Jewish communities.
}|> 
}|> This seems the crux to me: if you judge the Bible according to a long
}|> line of traditions and interpretations coming down to the current day,
}|> rather than on its own merits as a cultural artifact, then of course
}|> it will correspond more closely with more contemporary values.
}
}But if that's how the Bible is actually being used today,
}shouldn't that be how we should judge it?  If most people
}use scissors to cut paper, shouldn't Consumer's Reports
}test scissors for paper-cutting ability, even though
}scissors may have been designed originally to cut cloth?

That's possibly a good way to judge the use of the Bible in teaching
Jewish morality today, but it hardly seems fair to claim that this
highly-interpreted version is what was "enlightened for its times".
To (attempt to) extend the analogy, this is like saying that the
original scissor-makers were unusually advanced at paper-cutting for
their times, even though they only ever cut cloth, and had never even
heard of paper.

I'm not arguing that the Bible is "disgusting", though some of the
history depicted in it is, by modern standards.  However, history is
full of similar abuses, and I don't think the Biblical accounts are
worse than their contemporaries--or possibly ours.  On the other hand,
I don't know of any reason to think the history described in the Bible
shows *less* abuse than their contemporaries, or ours.  That complex
and benign moral traditions have evolved based on particular mythic
interpretations of that history is interesting, but I still don't
think it fair to take that long tradition of interpretation and use it
to attack condemnation of the original history.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51255
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:

>>>As for rape, surely there the burden of guilt is solely on the rapist?
>>Unless you force someone to live with the rapist against his will, in which
>>case part of the responsibility is yours.
>I'm sorry, but I can't accept that.  Unless the rapist was hypnotized or
>something, I view him as solely responsible for his actions.

Not necessarily, especially if the rapist is known as such.  For instance,
if you intentionally stick your finger into a loaded mousetrap and get
snapped, whose fault is it?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51256
From: simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

In article <1993Apr5.023044.19580@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

> One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that say "Mom",
> because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more virile men.
> Compare that with how homos are raised.  Do a study and you will get my
> point.

Oh, Bobby. You're priceless. Did I ever tell you that?

My policy with Bobby's posts, should anyone give a damn, is to flick
through the thread at high speed, searching for posts of Bobby's which
have generated a whole pile of followups, then go in and extract the
hilarious quote inevitably present for .sig purposes. Works for me.

For the guy who said he's just arrived, and asked whether Bobby's for real,
you betcha. Welcome to alt.atheism, and rest assured that it gets worse.
I have a few pearls of wisdom from Bobby which I reproduce below. Is anyone
(Keith?) keeping a big file of such stuff?

     "In Allah's infinite wisdom, the universe was created from nothing,
        just by saying "Be", and it became. Therefore Allah exists."
           --- Bobby Mozumder proving the existence of Allah, #1

     "Wait. You just said that humans are rarely reasonable. Doesn't that
      contradict atheism, where everything is explained through logic and
      reason? This is THE contradiction in atheism that proves it false."
           --- Bobby Mozumder proving the existence of Allah, #2

              "Plus, to the believer, it would be contradictory
                    to the Quran for Allah not to exist."
           --- Bobby Mozumder proving the existence of Allah, #3

and now

   "One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that say "Mom",
    because of the love of their mom. It makes for more virile men. Compare
    that with how homos are raised.  Do a study and you will get my point."
         -- Bobby Mozumder being Islamically Rigorous on alt.atheism

Mmmmm. Quality *and* quantity from the New Voice of Islam (pbuh).

Cheers

Simon
-- 
Simon Clippingdale                simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk
Department of Computer Science    Tel (+44) 203 523296
University of Warwick             FAX (+44) 203 525714
Coventry CV4 7AL, U.K.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51258
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <1993Apr6.041343.24997@cbnewsl.cb.att.com> stank@cbnewsl.cb.att.com (Stan Krieger) writes:

>The point has been raised and has been answered.  Roger and I have
>clearly stated our support of the BSA position on the issue;
>specifically, that homosexual behavior constitutes a violation of
>the Scout Oath (specifically, the promise to live "morally straight").

	Please define "morally straight". 

	
	
	And, don't even try saying that "straight", as it is used here, 
implies only hetersexual behavior. [ eg: "straight" as in the slang word 
opposite to "gay" ]


	This is alot like "family values". Everyone is talking about them, 
but misteriously, no one knows what they are.
---

        "One thing that relates is among Navy men that get tatoos that 
        say "Mom", because of the love of their mom.  It makes for more 
        virile men."

        Bobby Mozumder  ( snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu )
        April 4, 1993

        The one TRUE Muslim left in the world. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51259
From: twpierce@unix.amherst.edu (Tim Pierce)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <1993Apr6.041343.24997@cbnewsl.cb.att.com> stank@cbnewsl.cb.att.com (Stan Krieger) writes:

>Roger and I have
>clearly stated our support of the BSA position on the issue;
>specifically, that homosexual behavior constitutes a violation of
>the Scout Oath (specifically, the promise to live "morally straight").
>
>There is really nothing else to discuss.

Apparently not.

In response to his claim that it "terrifies" gay people not to be able
to "indoctrinate children to our lifestyle" (or words to that effect),
I sent Roger a very calm, carefully-written, detailed letter
explaining simply why the BSA policy does, indeed terrify me.  I did
not use inflammatory language and left myself extremely open for an
answer.  Thus far, I have not received an answer.  I can conclude only
that Roger considers his position either indefensible or simply not
worth defending.

>Trying to cloud the issue
>with comparisons to Blacks or other minorities is also meaningless
>because it's like comparing apples to oranges (i.e., people can't
>control their race but they can control their behavior).

In fact, that's exactly the point: people can control their behavior.
Because of that fact, there is no need for a blanket ban on
homosexuals.

>What else is there to possibly discuss on rec.scouting on this issue?

You tell me.

-- 
____ Tim Pierce                /  ?Usted es la de la tele, eh?  !La madre
\  / twpierce@unix.amherst.edu /  del asesino!  !Ay, que graciosa!
 \/ (BITnet: TWPIERCE@AMHERST) /    -- Pedro Almodovar

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51260
Subject: Re: Biblical Rape
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)

In article <1993Apr04.225107.39364@watson.ibm.com>
strom@Watson.Ibm.Com (Rob Strom) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>
>The thread "Biblical Rape" was initiated by David O Hunt.
>Here is his posting:
>In article <8feu_KO00XsF0kpc5p@andrew.cmu.edu>, David O Hunt <bluelobster+@CMU.EDU> writes:
>|> I'm pretty sure I've seen biblical rules for when it's allowable to rape
>|> prisoners, what the codes are about that, etc.  Could some more
>|> knowledgable soul than I please let me know some references?
>
>He asked a very narrow question, and I gave a very narrow answer.
>
 
Yes, sorry. I have got that wrong. My apology.
 
 
(Deletion)
 
>No. David Hunt's post didn't mention a god, nor did my response.
>You were the first to bring up the idea of the Bible being "given
>by god".  Most Jews don't believe this in any literal sense.
>
 
So? No fun, but I must have met the minority then.
And "given by god" refers to any action whereby a god
god causes or better effects something.
 
 
Rob, I am not intimate with Jewish theology, but I understand
that you are a Messianic Jew. Correct me if I am wrong, but
it appears that the views of Messianic Jews on metaphysics
is different to that of the majority of Jews. While Jewish
theology overall is quite distinct from the Christianic god
views, I have heard that it is possible for Jews to attribute
evil to their god, an no-no for Christians, the Bible is
still seen as effect of the interaction of some god with man.
 
 
(Deletion)
>No.  I thought we agreed that though Jews disagree,
>there are a set of core beliefs that they do agree upon,
>one of which is that the commandments are accessible
>and written in the language of the time, and another
>of which is that there must be a legal system to update them.
>
 
The context was metaphysics, even when the process of adapting
the commandments is not transcendent, the justification of the
process lie in metaphysic specualtion. I wonder how you break
out of the shackles of having metaphysics in your system.
 
 
(Deletion)
>Could you explain this with respect to the original commandments
>being discussed --- that is, the commandment that says if
>you feel like raping a woman prisoner, you should instead
>wait and marry her?  What about "the way this commandment
>is given" invalidates it?
>
 
Is is in a book that commands to commit genocide among other
reprehensible deeds. The context is repulsive, and it is
foul play, IMO, to invoke some relatively enlightened passages
as an example for the content of the whole book.
 
 
(Big deletion)
>|>
>|> The point is that I see that there is a necessary connection
>|> between the theology you use and the interpretation of the Bible.
>|>
>
>Only very loosely.  My interpretation of the Bible is
>based on a long tradition of Jewish scholars interpreting
>the Bible.  Theology doesn't really enter into it ---
>there are Jewish atheists who interpret the laws of
>charity essentially the same way I do.
>
 
No, not the interpretation of some laws, but the interpretation of
the bible. As in the example that Sodom and Gomorrha mean argue
with god. The whole idea that it is metaphorically and yet allows
you to argue with a god (whatever that means, that alone is a theo-
logic question) is proof of a theology used.
 
 
>|> >You pose another metaphysical riddle!
>|>
>|> No, you do.
>|>
>
>Well, you wrote this:
>|> Fine. So we have some major spirit with neither absolute power
>|> nor absolute knowledge. And, as it appears, limited means or will
>|> to communicate with us. Some form of spiritual big friend.
>|> Do you admit that using god in this context is somewhat unusual?
>|>
>|> Am I right in the assumption that it cannot have created the
>|> universe as well? And that the passages in the Bible referring
>|> to that or its omnipotence are crap?
>
>That's what I meant by the "riddle".
>
 
It is an important question in the light of what for instance the
passage witrh Sodom and Gomorrha means. Either there is some connection
between the text, the fact that it exists, and your interpretation of
it, or it is purely arbitrary.. Further, the question is why is has
one to carry the burden of Biblical texts when one could simply write
other books that convey the message better. You might answer that one
can't becuase  some peculiar Biblical information might be lost, but
that holds true of every other book, and the question remains why has
the Bible still a special place? Can't it be replaced somehow? Is it
ok to bargain the dangerous content of the Bible against some other
message that is included as well?
 
 
(Deletion)
>|> Do you see the danger in doing so? Especially with the metaphers used
>|> in the Bible?
>
>I think the danger of doing so is less than either the
>danger of having a frozen system of laws, or having no laws.
>
 
Sorry, but there are worse systems does not say anything about if
one could not have a better system.
 
(Deletion)
>If we
>read two stories about the importance of helping the poor,
>and in one God is a spirit, and in the other God has a body,
>which is more important, helping the poor, or resolving
>the contradiction about the corporeal nature of God?
>
 
If we read two stories in the Bible, one that god commands people
to kill children for being idolaters and another where god kills
children directly, what is more important to resolve, the message that
children are to be killed or if it has  to be done by god?
 
 
And the argument you have given is a fallacy, while it may not be important
in the context you have given to find out if god is corporeal or not, it
can be crucial in other questions. Religious believers resolve contradictions
with that they choose one of the possibilities given in an arbitrary way,
and have the advantage of being able to attribute their decision to some
god.
 
One cannot resolve questions by the statement do what is good when what
is good depends on the question.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51261
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: atheist?

In article <ePVk2B3w165w@mantis.co.uk>
Tony Lezard <tony@mantis.co.uk> writes:
 
(Deletion)
>> In other words, if there were gods, they would hardly make sense, and
>> it is possible to explain the phenomenon of religion without gods.
>>
>> The concept is useless, and I don't have to introduce new assumptions
>> in order to show that.
>
>Yes I fully agree with that, but is it "I don't believe gods exist", or
>"I believe no gods exist"? As MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
>pointed out, it all hinges on what you take the word "believe" to mean.
>
 
For me, it is a "I believe no gods exist" and a "I don't believe gods exist".
 
In other words, I think that statements like gods are or somehow interfere
with this world are false or meaningless. In Ontology, one can fairly
conclude that when "A exist" is meaningless A does not exist. Under the
Pragmatic definition of truth, "A exists" is meaningless makes A exist
even logically false.
 
A problem with such statements is that one can't disprove a subjective god
by definition, and there might be cases where a subjective god would even
make sense. The trouble with most god definitions is that they include
some form of objective existence with the consequence of the gods affecting
all. Believers derive from it a right to interfere with the life of others.
 
 
(Deletion)
>
>Should the FAQ be clarified to try to pin down this notion of "belief"?
>Can it?
>
 
Honestly, I don't see the problem.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51262
From: a137490@lehtori.cc.tut.fi (Aario Sami)
Subject: Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: Rationality (was: Islamic marriage)?

In <1993Mar31.013034.27070@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

>My case is that everything wrong in the world will end if people start
>believing in Islam.  And that horrors to mankind are all caused by the
>lack of belief- Atheism.

For the last time, Bobby. Lack of belief in YOUR god does NOT imply
atheism. Just because some moslems aren't moral does not mean they don't
believe in a god named Allah, although their Allah may not do the things
your Allah does. If a moslem says he/she believes that a god exists, he/she
is a theist (though maybe not a TRUE follower of islam).

>30,000 murder victims a year caused by atheism. Poverty. Massive hate crimes.
>Such low respect for the human body.  Distrust among people.  Everything
>wrong, all caused by atheism.

>Peace,

Jerk.

>Bobby Mozumder
-- 
Sami Aario         |  "Can you see or measure an atom? Yet you can explode
a137490@cc.tut.fi  |   one. Sunlight is comprised of many atoms."
-------------------'  "Your stupid minds! Stupid, stupid!"
Eros in "Plan 9 From Outer Space"     DISCLAIMER: I don't agree with Eros.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51265
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Motto Mania

mathew writes:

>I prefer Mark-Jason Dominus's suggestion that the motto should be changed to
>"Mind your own fucking business".

In this era of AIDS, isn't someone's fucking *everyone's* interest?  (semi
:-))

I propose "We have no motto."

Recently in the glorious state of Maryland (the only state whose state song
refers to Abraham Lincoln as a tyrant), people have gotten all wound up over
the state motto (which we inherited from the Calverts):

    "Fatti Maschii, Parole Femine"

which, if you read Italian, says,

    "Manly deeds, womanly words"

or something to that effect.  In the state which not so long ago had four
women out of seven representatives, this represents a problem.  The official
solution was to change the translation, so now it means:

    "Strong deeds, gentle words"

My personal suggestion was changing it to "walk softly and carry a big
stick."
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51266
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses (good grief!)

The amount of energy being spent on ONE LOUSY SYLLOGISM says volumes for the
true position of reason in this group.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51267
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Benediktine Metaphysics

Benedikt Rosenau writes, with great authority:

>     IF IT IS CONTRADICTORY IT CANNOT EXIST.

"Contradictory" is a property of language.  If I correct this to


      THINGS DEFINED BY CONTRADICTORY LANGUAGE DO NOT EXIST

I will object to definitions as reality.  If you then amend it to

      THINGS DESCRIBED BY CONTRADICTORY LANGUAGE DO NOT EXIST

then we've come to something which is plainly false.  Failures in
description are merely failures in description.

(I'm not an objectivist, remember.)


-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51268
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

>So then, you require the same amount of evidence to believe that I 
>a) own a pair of bluejeans and b) have superhuman powers?

Well, I could use the argument that some here use about "nature" and claim
that you cannot have superhuman powers because you are a human; superhuman
powers are beyond what a human has, and since you are a human, any powers
you have are not beyond those of a human.  Hence, you cannot have superhuman
powers.  Sound good to you?

Anyway, to the evidence question: it depends on the context.  In this group,
since you are posting from a american college site, I'm willing to take it
as given that you have a pair of blue jeans.  And, assuming there is some
coherency in your position, I will take it as a given that you do not have
superhuman powers.  Arguments are evidence in themselves, in some respects.

>When you say the "existence of [ sic ] Jesus", I assume that you 
>mean just the man, without any special powers, etc.

Yep.

>Many will agree that it is very possible that a man called Jesus DID 
>in fact live. In fact, I am willing to agree that there was some man named 
>Jesus. I have no reason to believe that there wasn't ever a man.

Good.

>However, most of the claims ARE extradinary: eg virgin birth 
>[ virgin in the sense of not having any sexual intercourse ], resurection, 
>Son of God, etc. THOSE claims require extra evidence.

"Extra" evidence?  Why don't we start with evidence at all?

I cannot see any evidence for the V. B. which the cynics in this group would
ever accept.  As for the second, it is the foundation of the religion.
Anyone who claims to have seen the risen Jesus (back in the 40 day period)
is a believer, and therefore is discounted by those in this group; since
these are all ancients anyway, one again to choose to dismiss the whole
thing.  The third is as much a metaphysical relationship as anything else--
even those who agree to it have argued at length over what it *means*, so
again I don't see how evidence is possible.

I thus interpret the "extraordinary claims" claim as a statement that the
speaker will not accept *any* evidence on the matter.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51269
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: A Remarkable Admission

Jon Livesey writes:

>I'm certainly not going to attempt to distinguish between different
>flavours of Christian, all loudly claiming to be the One True Christian.

Well, it's obvious that you *don't* attempt, otherwise you would be aware
that they *don't* all "loudly [claim] to be the One True Christian".

I've tried to avoid using the phrase "is/is not christian" because of these
ownership issues; instead, I've tried the phrase "Nicene christianity" in an
attempt to identify the vast majority of "christianity" which has roughly
similar viewpoints on the core theological issues.  The JWs do not fall
within this group and in fact espouse a position known as Arianism, which is
rejected by all the nicene churches and virtually everyone else as well.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51270
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

Benedikt Rosenau writes:

>The argument goes as follows: Q-oid quotes appear in John, but not in
>the almost codified way they were in Matthew or Luke. However, they are
>considered to be similar enough to point to knowledge of Q as such, and
>not an entirely different source.

Assuming you are presenting it accurately, I don't see how this argument
really leads to any firm conclusion.  The material in John (I'm not sure
exactly what is referred to here, but I'll take for granted the similarity
to the Matt./Luke "Q" material) IS different; hence, one could have almost
any relationship between the two, right up to John getting it straight from
Jesus' mouth.

>We are talking date of texts here, not the age of the authors. The usual
>explanation for the time order of Mark, Matthew and Luke does not consider
>their respective ages. It says Matthew has read the text of Mark, and Luke
>that of Matthew (and probably that of Mark).

The version of the "usual theory" I have heard has Matthew and Luke
independently relying on Mark and "Q".  One would think that if Luke relied
on Matthew, we wouldn't have the grating inconsistencies in the geneologies,
for one thing.

>As it is assumed that John knew the content of Luke's text. The evidence
>for that is not overwhelming, admittedly.

This is the part that is particularly new to me.  If it were possible that
you could point me to a reference, I'd be grateful.

>>Unfortunately, I haven't got the info at hand.  It was (I think) in the late
>>'70s or early '80s, and it was possibly as old as CE 200.

>When they are from about 200, why do they shed doubt on the order on
>putting John after the rest of the three?

Because it closes up the gap between (supposed) writing and the existing
copy quit a bit.  The further away from the original, the more copies can be
written, and therefore survival becomes more probable.

>>And I don't think a "one step removed" source is that bad.  If Luke and Mark
>>and Matthew learned their stories directly from diciples, then I really
>>cannot believe in the sort of "big transformation from Jesus to gospel" that
>>some people posit.  In news reports, one generally gets no better
>>information than this.

>>And if John IS a diciple, then there's nothing more to be said.

>That John was a disciple is not generally accepted. The style and language
>together with the theology are usually used as counterargument.

I'm not really impressed with the "theology" argument.  But I'm really
pointing this out as an "if".  And as I pointed out earlier, one cannot make
these arguments about I Peter; I see no reason not to accept it as an
authentic letter.


>One step and one generation removed is bad even in our times. Compare that
>to reports of similar events in our century in almost illiterate societies.

The best analogy would be reporters talking to the participants, which is
not so bad.

>In other words, one does not know what the original of Mark did look like
>and arguments based on Mark are pretty weak.

But the statement of divinity is not in that section, and in any case, it's
agreed that the most important epistles predate Mark.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51271
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Yeah, Right

Benedikt Rosenau writes:

>And what about that revelation thing, Charley?

If you're talking about this intellectual engagement of revelation, well,
it's obviously a risk one takes.

>Many people say that the concept of metaphysical and religious knowledge
>is contradictive.

I'm not an objectivist, so I'm not particularly impressed with problems of
conceptualization.  The problem in this case is at least as bad as that of
trying to explain quantum mechanics and relativity in the terms of ordinary
experience.  One can get some rough understanding, but the language is, from
the perspective of ordinary phenomena, inconsistent, and from the
perspective of what's being described, rather inexact (to be charitable).

An analogous situation (supposedly) obtains in metaphysics; the problem is
that the "better" descriptive language is not available.

>And in case it holds reliable information, can you show how you establish
>that?

This word "reliable" is essentially meaningless in the context-- unless you
can show how reliability can be determined.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51272
From: gmiller@worldbank.org (Gene C. Miller)
Subject: Re: Radical Agnostic... NOT!

In article <1993Apr6.013657.5691@cnsvax.uwec.edu>, nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu
(David Nye) wrote:
> 
> [reply to zazen@austin.ibm.com (E. H. Welbon)]
>  
> >>>     There is no means that i can possibly think of to prove beyond doubt
> >>>that a god does not exist (but if anyone has one, by all means, tell me
> >>>what it is).  Therefore, lacking this ability of absolute proof, being an
> >>>atheist becomes an act of faith in and of itself, and this I cannot accept.
> >>> I accept nothing on blind faith.
>  
> >>Invisible Pink Flying Unicorns!  Need I say more?
>  
> >...I harbor no beliefs at all, there is no good evidence for god
> >existing or not.  Some folks call this agnosticism.  It does not suffer
> >from "blind faith" at all.  I think of it as "Don't worry, be happy".
>  
> For many atheists, the lack of belief in gods is secondary to an
> epistemological consideration:  what do we accept as a reliable way of
> knowing?  There are no known valid logical arguments for the existence
> of gods, nor is there any empirical evidence that they exist.  Most
> philosophers and theologians agree that the idea of a god is one that
> must be accepted on faith.  Faith is belief without a sound logical
> basis or empirical evidence.  It is a reliable way of knowing?
>  

Could you expand on your definition of knowing? It seems a bit monolithic
here, but I'm not sure that you intend that. Don't we need, for example, to
distinguish between "knowing" 2 plus 2 equals 4 (or 2 apples plus 2 apples
equals 4 apples), the French "knowing" that Jerry Lewis is an auteur, and
what it means to say we "know" what Socrates said?

> This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
> must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

I like this epigraph. Perhaps the issue is learning which, if any,
absurdities merit further exploration...Gene

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51273
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)

bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>My personal objection is that I find capital punishment to be
>cruel and unusual punishment under all circumstances.

It can be painless, so it isn't cruel.  And, it has occurred frequently
since the dawn of time, so it is hardly unusual.

>I don't take issue with the numbers.  A single innocent life taken
>is one too many.

But, innocents die due to many causes.  Why have you singled out
accidental or false execution as the one to take issue with?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51274
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Yeah, Right

In article <65882@mimsy.umd.edu> mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
}>For several years I've periodically asked Charley Wingate to explain this
}>mythical alternative to rationality which he propounds so enthusiastically
}>when he pops up every few months.  His reluctance to explain indicates to me
}>that it's not so hot.
}
}I've said enough times that there is no "alternative" that should think you
}might have caught on by now.  And there is no "alternative", but the point
}is, "rationality" isn't an alternative either.  The problems of metaphysical
}and religious knowledge are unsolvable-- or I should say, humans cannot
}solve them.

If there is truly no alternative, then you have no basis whatsoever
for your claim.  The usual line here, which you call "a prejudgment of
atheism", and dispute, is that reason is all we have.  Here you admit
that you have no alternative, no possible basis for the claim that
there is anything other than reason or that reason is inapplicable in
religious knowledge, except possibly that reason conflicts with
"religious knowledge".

This sounds very much like "I can't provide a rational defense for my
belief, but prefer to discard rationality rather than accept that it
may be false".  I hope it makes you happy, but your repeated and
unfounded assertions to this effect don't advance your cause.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51275
From: ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles)
Subject: Re: Yeah, Right

In article <66014@mimsy.umd.edu> mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
>Benedikt Rosenau writes:
>
>>And what about that revelation thing, Charley?
>
>If you're talking about this intellectual engagement of revelation, well,
>it's obviously a risk one takes.

 Ah, now here is the core question. Let me suggest a scenario.

 We will grant that a God exists, and uses revelation to communicate
with humans. (Said revelation taking the form (paraphrased from your
own words) 'This infinitely powerful deity grabs some poor schmuck,
makes him take dictation, and then hides away for a few hundred years'.)
 Now, there exists a human who has not personally experienced a
revelation. This person observes that not only do these revelations seem
to contain elements that contradict rather strongly aspects of the
observed world (which is all this person has ever seen), but there are
many mutually contradictory claims of revelation.

 Now, based on this, can this person be blamed for concluding, absent
a personal revelation of their own, that there is almost certainly
nothing to this 'revelation' thing?

>I'm not an objectivist, so I'm not particularly impressed with problems of
>conceptualization.  The problem in this case is at least as bad as that of
>trying to explain quantum mechanics and relativity in the terms of ordinary
>experience.  One can get some rough understanding, but the language is, from
>the perspective of ordinary phenomena, inconsistent, and from the
>perspective of what's being described, rather inexact (to be charitable).
>
>An analogous situation (supposedly) obtains in metaphysics; the problem is
>that the "better" descriptive language is not available.

 Absent this better language, and absent observations in support of the
claims of revelation, can one be blamed for doubting the whole thing?

 Here is what I am driving at: I have thought a long time about this. I
have come to the honest conclusion that if there is a deity, it is
nothing like the ones proposed by any religion that I am familiar with.
 Now, if there does happen to be, say, a Christian God, will I be held
accountable for such an honest mistake?

 Sincerely,

 Ray Ingles               ingles@engin.umich.edu

 "The meek can *have* the Earth. The rest of us are going to the
stars!" - Robert A. Heinlein

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51276
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals

In <1pkqe2INN54n@lynx.unm.edu> cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl) writes:

>In article <1993Apr3.081052.11292@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>[deleted, to get to the point:]
>> 
>> Therefore, in a nutshell, my opinion is that pre-marital sex makes the
>> likelihood of extra-marital sex more probable.  Furthermore,
>> in my opinion, extra-marital sex helps break down partnerships and leads
>> to greater divorce rates.  This in turn, in my opinion, creates trauma
>> and a less stable environment for children, who are then, in my opinion,
>> more likely to grow up with psychological problems such as depression,
>> etc.  And thus, sex outside of marriage is, in the long run, harmful to
>> society.

>I think that you are drawing links where there are none - having sex before
>marriage has nothing to do with adultery once committed into marriage. The
>issue as I see it is more of how committed you are to not foisting pain on
>your spouse, and how confident you are about yourself. 
>	In addition, what someone does within their marriage is their own 
>business, not mine, and not yours. I have witnessed strong relationships
>that incorporate extra-marital sex. 
>	I would agree with your assertion about children - children should not  be witness to such confusing relationships - if adultery is stressful to 
>adults, which I assume it in general is, how can we expect children to 
>understand it?
>> 
>> Where is the evidence for my opinions?  At the moment, there are just
>> generalities I can cite.  For example, I read that in the 20th century,
>> the percentage of youth (and people in general) who suffer from
>> depression has been steadily climbing in Western societies (probably
>> what I was reading referred particularly to the USA).  Similarly, one
>> can detect a trend towards greater occurrence of sex outside of marriage
>> in this century in Western societies -- particularly with the "sexual
>> revolution" of the 60's, but even before that I think (otherwise the
>> "sexual revolution" of the 60's would not have been possible),
>> particularly with the gradual weakening of Christianity and consequently
>> Christian moral teachings against sex outside of marriage.  I propose
>> that these two trends -- greater level of general depression in society
>> (and other psychological problems) and greater sexual promiscuity -- are
>> linked, with the latter being a prime cause of the former.  I cannot
>> provide any evidence beyond this at this stage, but the whole thesis
>> seems very reasonable to me and I request that people ponder upon it.

>Why is it more reasonable than the trend towards obesity and the trend towards
>depression? You can't just pick your two favorite trends, notice a correlation 
>in them, and make a sweeping statement of generality. I mean, you CAN, and 
>people HAVE, but that does not mean that it is a valid or reasonable thesis. 
>At best it's a gross oversimplification of the push-pull factors people 
>experience.  

My argument is mainly a proposal of what I think is a plausible argument
against extra-marital sex -- one which I personally believe has some
truth.  My main purpose for posting it here is to show that a
_plausible_ argument can be made against extra-marital sex.  At this
stage I am not saying that this particular viewpoint is proven or
anything like that, just that it is plausible.  To try to convince you
all of this particular point of view, I would probably have to do a lot
of work researching what has been done in this field, etc., in order to
gather further evidence, which I simply do not have time to do now.  

Also note that I said that I think extra-marital sex is "a prime cause"
(in my opinion) of the generally greater levels of psychological
problems, especially depression, in Western societies.  I am not saying
it is "the prime cause" or "the only cause", just "a prime cause" --
i.e. one of the significant contributions to this trend.  I think when
you say you think my view is simplistic, you have forgotten this -- I
admit that there are probably other factors, but I do think that
extra-marital sex (and, IMO, subsequent destabilization of the family)
is a significant factor in the rise in psychological problems like
depression in Western society this century.
 
 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51277
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals

In <ednclark.734054731@kraken> ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au (Jeffrey Clark) writes:

>cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl) writes:

>>Why is it more reasonable than the trend towards obesity and the trend towards
>>depression? You can't just pick your two favorite trends, notice a correlation 
>>in them, and make a sweeping statement of generality. I mean, you CAN, and 
>>people HAVE, but that does not mean that it is a valid or reasonable thesis. 
>>At best it's a gross oversimplification of the push-pull factors people 
>>experience.  

[...]
>Basically the social interactions of all the changing factors in our society
>are far too complicated for us to control. We just have to hold on to the
>panic handles and hope that we are heading for a soft landing. But one
>things for sure, depression and the destruction of the nuclear family is not
>due solely to sex out of marriage.

Note that I _never_ said that depression and the destruction of the
nuclear family is due _solely_ to extra-marital sex.  I specifically
said that it was "a prime cause" of this, not "the prime cause" or "the
only cause" of this -- I recognize that there are probably other factors
too, but I think that extra-marital sex and subsequent destabilization
of the family is probably a significant factor to the rise in
psychological problems, including depression, in the West in the 20th
century.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51278
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: Rationality (was: Islamic marriage)?

In <1993Apr4.093904.20517@proxima.alt.za> lucio@proxima.alt.za (Lucio de Re) writes:

>darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:

>>My point of view is that the argument "all sexism is bad" just simply
>>does not hold.  Let me give you an example.  How about permitting a
>>woman to temporarily leave her job due to pregnancy -- should that be
>>allowed?  It happens to be sexist, as it gives a particular right only
>>to women.  Nevertheless, despite the fact that it is sexist, I completely 
>>support such a law, because I think it is just.

>Fred, you're exasperating...  Sexism, like racialism, is a form of
>discrimination, using obvious physical or cultural differences to deny
>one portion of the population the same rights as another.

>In this context, your example above holds no water whatsoever:
>there's no discrimination in "denying" men maternity leave, in fact
>I'm quite convinced that, were anyone to experiment with male
>pregnancy, it would be possible for such a future father to take
>leave on medical grounds.

Okay... I argued this thoroughly about 3-4 weeks ago.  Men and women are
different ... physically, physiologically, and psychologically.  Much
recent evidence for this statement is present in the book "Brainsex" by
Anne Moir and David Jessel.  I recommend you find a copy and read it.
Their book is an overview of recent scientific research on this topic
and is well referenced. 

Now, if women and men are different in some ways, the law can only
adequately take into account their needs in these areas where they are
different by also taking into account the ways in which men and women
are different.  Maternity leave is an example of this -- it takes into
account that women get pregnant.  It does not give women the same rules
it would give to men, because to treat women like it treats men in this
instance would be unjust.  This is just simply an obvious example of
where men and women are intrinsically different!!!!!

Now, people make the _naive_ argument that sexism = oppression.
However, maternity leave is sexist because MEN DO NOT GET PREGNANT. 
Men do not have the same access to leave that women do (not to the same
extent or degree), and therefore IT IS SEXIST.  No matter however much a
man _wants_ to get pregnant and have maternity leave, HE NEVER CAN.  And
therefore the law IS SEXIST.  No man can have access to maternity leave,
NO MATTER HOW HARD HE TRIES TO GET PREGNANT.  I hope this is clear.

Maternity leave is an example where a sexist law is just, because the
sexism here just reflects the "sexism" of nature in making men and women
different.  There are many other differences between men and women which
are far more subtle than pregnancy, and to find out more of these I
recommend you have a look at the book "Brainsex".

Your point that perhaps some day men can also be pregnant is fallacious.
If men can one day become pregnant it will be by having biologically
become women!  To have a womb and the other factors required for
pregnancy is usually wrapped up in the definition of what a woman is --
so your argument, when it is examined, is seen to be fallacious.  You
are saying that men can have the sexist maternity leave privilege that 
women can have if they also become women -- which actually just supports
my statement that maternity leave is sexist.

>The discrimination comes in when a woman is denied opportunities
>because of her (legally determined) sexual inferiorities.  As I
>understand most religious sexual discrimination, and I doubt that
>Islam is exceptional, the female is not allowed into the priestly
>caste and in general is subjugated so that she has no aspirations to
>rights which, as an equal human, she ought to be entitled to.

There is no official priesthood in Islam -- much of this function is
taken by Islamic scholars.  There are female Islamic scholars and
female Islamic scholars have always existed in Islam.  An example from
early Islamic history is the Prophet's widow, Aisha, who was recognized
in her time and is recognized in our time as an Islamic scholar.

>No matter how sweetly you coat it, part of the role of religions
>seems, historically, to have served the function of oppressing the
>female, whether by forcing her to procreate to the extent where
>there is no opportunity for self-improvement, or by denying her
>access to the same facilities the males are offered.

You have no evidence for your blanket statement about all religions, and
I dispute it.  I could go on and on about women in Islam, etc., but I
recently reposted something here under the heading "Islam and Women" --
if it is still at your news-site I suggest you read it.  It is reposted
from soc.religion.islam, so if it has disappeared from alt.atheism it
still might be in soc.religion.islam (I forgot what its original title
was though).  I will email it to you if you like. 

>The Roman Catholic Church is the most blatant of the culprit,
>because they actually istitutionalised a celibate clergy, but the
>other religious are no different: let a woman attempt to escape her
>role as child bearer and the wrath of god descends on her.

Your statement that "other religions are no different" is, I think, a
statement based simply on lack of knowledge about religions other than
Christianity and perhaps Judaism.

>I'll accept your affirmation that Islam grants women the same rights
>as men when you can show me that any muslim woman can aspire to the
>same position as (say) Khomeini and there are no artificial religious
>or social obstacles on her path to achieve this.

Aisha, who I mentioned earlier, was not only an Islamic scholar but also
was, at one stage, a military leader.

>Show me the equivalent of Hillary Rhodam-Clinton within Islam, and I
>may consider discussing the issue with you.

The Prophet's first wife, who died just before the "Hijra" (the
Prophet's journey from Mecca to Medina) was a successful businesswoman.

Lucio, you cannot make a strong case for your viewpoint when your
viewpoint is based on ignorance about world religions.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51279
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals

In <16BA6C947.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:

>In article <1993Apr3.081052.11292@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
>darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
> 
>>There has been some discussion on the pros and cons about sex outside of
>>marriage.
>>
>>I personally think that part of the value of having lasting partnerships
>>between men and women is that this helps to provide a stable and secure
>>environment for children to grow up in.
>(Deletion)
> 
>As an addition to Chris Faehl's post, what about homosexuals?

Well, from an Islamic viewpoint, homosexuality is not the norm for
society.  I cannot really say much about the Islamic viewpoint on homosexuality 
as it is not something I have done much research on.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51280
From: ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles)
Subject: Re: Benediktine Metaphysics

In article <66019@mimsy.umd.edu> mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
>Benedikt Rosenau writes, with great authority:
>
>>     IF IT IS CONTRADICTORY IT CANNOT EXIST.
>
>"Contradictory" is a property of language.  If I correct this to
>
>      THINGS DEFINED BY CONTRADICTORY LANGUAGE DO NOT EXIST
>
>I will object to definitions as reality.  If you then amend it to
>
>      THINGS DESCRIBED BY CONTRADICTORY LANGUAGE DO NOT EXIST
>
>then we've come to something which is plainly false.  Failures in
>description are merely failures in description.

 How about this description: "An object that is, at one time, both a
Euclidean square and a Euclidean circle"? I hold that no object satisfying
this description could exist. The description is inconsistent, and hence
describes an object that could not exist.
 Now, suppose someone pointed to a bicycle, and said, "That object is,
at one time, both a Euclidean square and a Euclidean circle." This does
not mean that the bicycle does not exist, it measn that the description
was incorrectly applied.
 
 The atheist says, "The descriptions of God that I have been presented with
are contradictory, and hence describe something that cannot exist."
 Now, your position (so far as I can gather) is that God exists, but the
descriptions atheists have been presented with are simply bad descriptions
of It.
 This is roughly analogous to someone who has never seen a bicycle, and,
when they ask for a description from people who claim to have seen one,
are told that it is a "Euclidean circle-square". Can they be blamed for
doubting rather strongly that this 'bicycle' exists at all?

>(I'm not an objectivist, remember.)

 No kidding. :->

 Sincerely,

 Ray Ingles               ingles@engin.umich.edu

 "The meek can *have* the Earth. The rest of us are going to the
stars!" - Robert A. Heinlein

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51281
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <1993Apr6.124112.12959@dcs.warwick.ac.uk> simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale) writes:

>For the guy who said he's just arrived, and asked whether Bobby's for real,
>you betcha. Welcome to alt.atheism, and rest assured that it gets worse.
>I have a few pearls of wisdom from Bobby which I reproduce below. Is anyone
>(Keith?) keeping a big file of such stuff?

	Sorry, I was, but I somehow have misplaced my diskette from the last 
couple of months or so. However, thanks to the efforts of Bobby, it is being 
replenished rather quickly!  

	Here is a recent favorite:

	--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 


--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51282
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses (good grief!)
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <66018@mimsy.umd.edu> mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:

>The amount of energy being spent on ONE LOUSY SYLLOGISM says volumes for the
>true position of reason in this group.

	I agree, we spend too much energy on the nonexistance of God.

--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51283
From: ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles)
Subject: Evo. & Homosexuality (Was Re: Princeton etc.)


 Sorry, Bill, I had to clear this up. There may be good evolutionary
arguments against homosexuality, but these don't qualify.

In article <C4vwn0.JF5@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>C.Wainwright (eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk) wrote:
[deletions]
>: |> It would seem odd if homosexuality had any evolutionary function
[deletions]
>: So *every* time a man has sex with a woman they intend to produce children?
>: Hmm...no wonder the world is overpopulated.  Obviously you keep to the
>: Monty Python song:  "Every sperm is sacred".  And if, as *you* say, it has
>: a purpose as a means to limit population growth then it is, by your own 
>: arguement, natural.
>
>Consider the context, I'm talking about an evolutionary function. One
>of the most basic requirements of evolution is that members of a
>species procreate, those who don't have no purpose in that context.

 Oh? I guess all those social insects (e.g. ants, bees, etc.) which
have one breeding queen and a whole passel of sterile workers are on
the way out, huh?
 
>: These days is just ain't true!  People can decide whether or not to have 
>: children and when.  Soon they will be able to choose it's sex &c (but that's 
>: another arguement...) so it's more of a "lifestyle" decision.  Again by
>: your arguement, since homosexuals can not (or choose not) to reproduce they
>: must be akin to people who decide to have sex but not children.  Both are 
>: as "unnatural" as each other.
>
>Yet another non-sequitur. Sex is an evolutionary function that exists
>for procreation, that it is also recreation is incidental. That
>homosexuals don't procreate means that sex is -only- recreation and
>nothing more; they serve no -evolutionary- purpose.

 I refer you to the bonobos, a species of primate as closeley related to
humans as chimpanzees (that is, very closely). They have sex all the
time, homosexual as well as heterosexual. When the group finds food, they
have sex. Before the go to sleep at night, they have sex. After they
escape from or fight off prdators, they have sex. Sex serves a very important
social function above and beyond reproduction in this species. A species
closely related to humans. There is some indication that sex performs
a social function in humans, as well, but even if not, this shows that
such a function is not *impossible*.

 Sincerely,

 Ray Ingles               ingles@engin.umich.edu

 "The meek can *have* the Earth. The rest of us are going to the
stars!" - Robert A. Heinlein

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51284
Subject: Vonnegut/atheism
From: dmn@kepler.unh.edu (...until kings become philosophers or philosophers become kings)



   Yesterday, I got the chance to hear Kurt Vonnegut speak at the
University of New Hampshire. Vonnegut succeeded Isaac Asimov as the 
(honorary?) head of the American Humanist Association. (Vonnegut is
an atheist, and so was Asimov) Before Asimov's funeral, Vonnegut stood up
and said about Asimov, "He's in heaven now," which ignited uproarious 
laughter in the room. (from the people he was speaking to around the time
of the funeral)

	 "It's the funniest thing I could have possibly said
to a room full of humanists," Vonnegut said at yesterday's lecture. 

         If Vonnegut comes to speak at your university, I highly recommend
going to see him even if you've never read any of his novels. In my opinion,
he's the greatest living humorist. (greatest living humanist humorist as well)


   Peace,

     Dana

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51285
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <1993Apr6.151843.15240@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>I should clarify what Muslims usually mean when they say "Muslim".  In
>general, anyone who calls themselves a "Muslim" and does not do or 
>outwardly profess
>something in clear contradiction with the essential teachings of Islam
>is considered to be a Muslim.  Thus, one who might do things contrary to
>Islam (through ignorance, for example) does not suddenly _not_ become a
>Muslim.  If one knowingly transgresses Islamic teachings and essential
>principles, though, then one does leave Islam.

	You and Mr. bobby really need to sit down and decide what
exactly Islam  *is* before posting here.

	According to 'Zlumber, one is NOT a muslim when one is doing evil. 
[ A muslin can do no evil ] According to him, one who does evil is suffering 
from "temporary athiesm."

	Now, would the members who claim to be "Muslims" get their stories 
straight????

--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51286
Subject: Re: Request for Support
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <1993Apr5.095148.5730@sei.cmu.edu> dpw@sei.cmu.edu (David Wood) writes:

>2. If you must respond to one of his articles, include within it
>something similar to the following:
>
>    "Please answer the questions posed to you in the Charley Challenges."

	Agreed.

--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51287
Subject: Re: Bill Conner:
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <C4y976.MLr@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:

>Could you explain what any of this pertains to? Is this a position
>statement on something or typing practice? And why are you using my
>name, do you think this relates to anything I've said and if so, what.
>
>Bill

 Could you explain what any of the above pertains to? Is this a position 
statement on something or typing practice? 
--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51288
From: mayne@pipe.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

In article <JVIGNEAU.93Apr5182106@cs.ulowell.edu> jvigneau@cs.ulowell.edu (Joe Vigneau) writes:
>
>If anything, the BSA has taught me, I don't know, tolerance or something.
>Before I met this guy, I thought all gays were 'faries'.  So, the BSA HAS
>taught me to be an antibigot.

I could give much the same testimonial about my experience as a scout
back in the 1960s. The issue wasn't gays, but the principles were the
same. Thanks for a well put testimonial. Stan Krieger and his kind who
think this discussion doesn't belong here and his intolerance is the
only acceptable position in scouting should take notice. The BSA has
been hijacked by the religious right, but some of the core values have
survived in spite of the leadership and some scouts and former scouts
haven't given up. Seeing a testimonial like this reminds me that
scouting is still worth fighting for.

On a cautionary note, you must realize that if your experience with this
camp leader was in the BSA you may be putting him at risk by publicizing
it. Word could leak out to the BSA gestapo.

Bill Mayne

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51290
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: [soc.motss, et al.] "Princeton axes matching funds for Boy Scouts"

C.Wainwright (eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk) wrote:
: I
: |> Jim,
: |> 
: |> I always thought that homophobe was only a word used at Act UP
: |> rallies, I didn't beleive real people used it. Let's see if we agree
: |> on the term's definition. A homophobe is one who actively and
: |> militantly attacks homosexuals because he is actually a latent
: |> homosexual who uses his hostility to conceal his true orientation.
: |> Since everyone who disapproves of or condemns homosexuality is a
: |> homophobe (your implication is clear), it must necessarily follow that
: |> all men are latent homosexuals or bisexual at the very least.
: |> 
: 
: Crap crap crap crap crap.  A definition of any type of 'phobe comes from
: phobia = an irrational fear of.  Hence a homophobe (not only in ACT UP meetings,
: the word is apparently in general use now.  Or perhaps it isn't in the bible?  
: Wouldst thou prefer if I were to communicate with thou in bilespeak?)
: 
: Does an arachnophobe have an irrational fear of being a spider?  Does an
: agoraphobe have an irrational fear of being a wide open space?  Do you
: understand English?
: 
: Obviously someone who has  phobia will react to it.  They will do their best
: to avoid it and if that is not possible they will either strike out or
: run away.  Or do gaybashings occur because of natural processes?  People
: who definately have homophobia will either run away from gay people or
: cause them (or themselves) violence.
: 

Isn't that what I said ...
What are you taking issue with here, your remarks are merely
parenthetical to mine and add nothing useful.

: [...]
: 
: |> It would seem odd if homosexuality had any evolutionary function
: |> (other than limiting population growth) since evolution only occurs
: |> when the members of one generation pass along their traits to
: |> subsequent generations. Homosexuality is an evolutionary deadend. If I
: |> take your usage of the term, homophobe, in the sense you seem to
: |> intend, then all men are really homosexual and evolution of our
: |> species at least, is going nowhere.
: |> 
: 
: So *every* time a man has sex with a woman they intend to produce children?
: Hmm...no wonder the world is overpopulated.  Obviously you keep to the
: Monty Python song:  "Every sperm is sacred".  And if, as *you* say, it has
: a purpose as a means to limit population growth then it is, by your own 
: arguement, natural.

Consider the context, I'm talking about an evolutionary function. One
of the most basic requirements of evolution is that members of a
species procreate, those who don't have no purpose in that context.

: 
: |> Another point is that if the offspring of each generation is to
: |> survive, the participation of both parents is necessary - a family must
: |> exist, since homosexuals do not reproduce, they cannot constitute a
: |> family. Since the majority of humankind is part of a family,
: |> homosexuality is an evolutionary abberation, contrary to nature if you
: |> will.
: |> 
: 
: Well if that is true, by your own arguements homosexuals would have 
: vanished *years* ago due to non-procreation.  Also the parent from single
: parent families should put the babies out in the cold now, cos they must,
: by your arguement, die.

By your argument, homosexuality is genetically determined. As to your
second point, you prove again that you have no idea what context
means. I am talking about evolution, the preservation of the species,
the fundamental premise of the whole process.
: 
: |> But it gets worse. Since the overwhelming majority of people actually
: |> -prefer- a heterosexual relationship, homosexuality is a social
: |> abberation as well. The homosexual eschews the biological imperative
: |> to reproduce and then the social imperative to form and participate in
: |> the most fundamental social element, the family. But wait, there's
: |> more.
: |> 
: 
: Read the above.  I expect you to have at least ten children by now, with
: the family growing.  These days sex is less to do with procreation (admittedly
: without it there would be no-one) but more to do with pleasure.  In pre-pill
: and pre-condom days, if you had sex there was the chance of producing children.
: These days is just ain't true!  People can decide whether or not to have 
: children and when.  Soon they will be able to choose it's sex &c (but that's 
: another arguement...) so it's more of a "lifestyle" decision.  Again by
: your arguement, since homosexuals can not (or choose not) to reproduce they must
: be akin to people who decide to have sex but not children.  Both are 
: as "unnatural" as each other.

Yet another non-sequitur. Sex is an evolutionary function that exists
for procreation, that it is also recreation is incidental. That
homosexuals don't procreate means that sex is -only- recreation and
nothing more; they serve no -evolutionary- purpose.

: 
: |> Since homosexuals have come out the closet and have convinced some
: |> policy makers that they have civil rights, they are now claiming that
: |> their sexuality is a preference, a life-style, an orientation, a
: |> choice that should be protected by law. Now if homosexuality is a mere
: |> choice and if it is both contrary to nature and anti-social, then it
: |> is a perverse choice; they have even less credibility than before they
: |> became prominent. 
: |> 
: 
: People are people are people.  Who are you to tell anyone else how to live
: their life?  Are you god(tm)?  If so, fancy a date?

Here's pretty obvious dodge, do you really think you've said anything
or do you just feel obligated to respond to every statement? I am not
telling anyone anything, I am demonstrating that there are arguments
against the practice of homosexuality (providing it's a merely an
alternate lifestlye) that are not homophobic, that one can reasonably
call it perverse in a context even a atheist can understand. I realize
of course that this comes dangerously close to establishing  a value,
and that atheists are compelled to object on that basis, but if you
are to be consistent, you have no case in this regard.
: 
: |> To characterize any opposition to homosexuality as homophobic is to
: |> ignore some very compelling arguments against the legitimization of
: |> the homosexual "life-style". But since the charge is only intended to
: |> intimidate, it's really just demogoguery and not to be taken
: |> seriously. Fact is, Jim, there are far more persuasive arguments for
: |> suppressing homosexuality than those given, but consider this a start.
: |> 
: 
: Again crap.  All your arguments are based on outdated ideals.  Likewise the
: bible.  Would any honest Christian condemn the ten generations spawned by
: a "bastard" to eternal damnation?  Or someone who crushes his penis (either
: accidently or not..!).  Both are in Deuteronomy.

I'm sure your comment pertains to something, but you've disguised it
so well I can't see what. Where did I mention ideals, out-dated or
otherwise? Your arguments are very reactionary; do you have anything
at all to contribute?

: 
: |> As to why homosexuals should be excluded from participation in
: |> scouting, the reasons are the same as those used to restrict them from
: |> teaching; by their own logic, homosexuals are deviates, social and
: |> biological. Since any adult is a role model for a child, it is
: |> incumbent on the parent to ensure that the child be isolated from
: |> those who would do the child harm. In this case, harm means primarily
: |> social, though that could be extended easily enough.
: |> 
: |> 
: 
: You show me *anyone* who has sex in a way that everyone would describe as
: normal, and will take of my hat (Puma baseball cap) to you.  "One man's meat
: is another man's poison"!
: 

What has this got to do with anything? Would you pick a single point
that you find offensive and explain your objections, I would really
like to believe that you can discuss this issue intelligibly.

Bill



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51291
Subject: Fluids vs Liquids
From: mikec@sail.LABS.TEK.COM (Micheal Cranford)

west@next02.wam.umd.edu (Brian West) writes:
[ deleted ]
>A similar analogy can be made with glass. For those of you who don't 
>know, glass is a liquid (go ask your science teacher) and DOES flow.
[ deleted ]

  If your science teacher tells you glass is a liquid, try to get a different
science teacher B^).  Glass is a supercooled fluid, it is not a liquid (except
at very high temperatures).  The definition of liquid includes "readily takes
the form of its container".  Let's try to be more accurate here.  We don't want
people to think we're creationists now do we?


  UUCP:  uunet!tektronix!sail!mikec  or                  M.Cranford
         uunet!tektronix!sail.labs.tek.com!mikec         Principal Troll
  ARPA:  mikec%sail.LABS.TEK.COM@RELAY.CS.NET            Resident Skeptic
  CSNet: mikec@sail.LABS.TEK.COM                         TekLabs, Tektronix


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51292
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <C4vyFu.JJ6@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:

>Keith M. Ryan (kmr4@po.CWRU.edu) wrote:
>: 
>: 	Wild and fanciful claims require greater evidence. If you state that 
>: one of the books in your room is blue, I certainly do not need as much 
>: evidence to believe than if you were to claim that there is a two headed 
>: leapard in your bed. [ and I don't mean a male lover in a leotard! ]
>
>Keith, 
>
>If the issue is, "What is Truth" then the consequences of whatever
>proposition argued is irrelevent. If the issue is, "What are the consequences
>if such and such -is- True", then Truth is irrelevent. Which is it to
>be?

	I disagree: every proposition needs a certain amount of evidence 
and support, before one can believe it. There are a miriad of factors for 
each individual. As we are all different, we quite obviously require 
different levels of evidence.

	As one pointed out, one's history is important. While in FUSSR, one 
may not believe a comrade who states that he owns five pairs of blue jeans. 
One would need more evidence, than if one lived in the United States. The 
only time such a statement here would raise an eyebrow in the US, is if the 
individual always wear business suits, etc.

	The degree of the effect upon the world, and the strength of the 
claim also determine the amount of evidence necessary. When determining the 
level of evidence one needs, it is most certainly relevent what the 
consequences of the proposition are.



	If the consequences of a proposition is irrelvent, please explain 
why one would not accept: The electro-magnetic force of attraction between 
two charged particles is inversely proportional to the cube of their 
distance apart. 

	Remember, if the consequences of the law are not relevent, then
we can not use experimental evidence as a disproof. If one of the 
consequences of the law is an incongruency between the law and the state of 
affairs, or an incongruency between this law and any other natural law, 
they are irrelevent when theorizing about the "Truth" of the law.

	Given that any consequences of a proposition is irrelvent, including 
the consequence of self-contradiction or contradiction with the state of 
affiars, how are we ever able to  judge what is true or not; let alone find
"The Truth"?



	By the way, what is "Truth"? Please define before inserting it in 
the conversation. Please explain what "Truth" or "TRUTH" is. I do think that 
anything is ever known for certain. Even if there IS a "Truth", we could 
never possibly know if it were. I find the concept to be meaningless.

--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51293
Subject: Re: Is Morality Constant (was Re: Biblical Rape)
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <C4w5pv.JxD@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:

>There are a couple of things about your post and others in this thread
>that are a little confusing. An atheist is one for whom all things can
>be understood as processes of nature - exclusively. There is no need
>for any recourse to Divnity to describe or explain anything. There is
>no purpose or direction for any event beyond those required by
>physics, chemistry, biology, etc.; everything is random, nothing is
>determnined.

	This posts contains too many fallacies to respond too.

	1) The abolishment of divinity requires the elimination of 
freewill. 

	You have not shown this. You have not even attempted to. However,
the existance of an Omniscience being does eliminate freewill in mortals.*

	* Posted over five months ago. No one has been able to refute it, 
nor give any reasonable reasons against it.

--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51294
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)

In article <66015@mimsy.umd.edu>
mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>I cannot see any evidence for the V. B. which the cynics in this group would
>ever accept.  As for the second, it is the foundation of the religion.
>Anyone who claims to have seen the risen Jesus (back in the 40 day period)
>is a believer, and therefore is discounted by those in this group; since
>these are all ancients anyway, one again to choose to dismiss the whole
>thing.  The third is as much a metaphysical relationship as anything else--
>even those who agree to it have argued at length over what it *means*, so
>again I don't see how evidence is possible.
>
 
No cookies, Charlie. The claims that Jesus have been seen are discredited
as extraordinary claims that don't match their evidence. In this case, it
is for one that the gospels cannot even agree if it was Jesus who has been
seen. Further, there are zillions of other spook stories, and one would
hardly consider others even in a religious context to be some evidence of
a resurrection.
 
There have been more elaborate arguments made, but it looks as if they have
not passed your post filtering.
 
 
>I thus interpret the "extraordinary claims" claim as a statement that the
>speaker will not accept *any* evidence on the matter.
 
It is no evidence in the strict meaning. If there was actual evidence it would
probably be part of it, but the says nothing about the claims.
 
 
Charlie, I have seen Invisible Pink Unicorns!
By your standards we have evidence for IPUs now.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51295
Subject: Re: Contradictions
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)

In article <C52oys.2CLJ@austin.ibm.com> yoder@austin.ibm.com (Stuart R. Yoder) writes:
>: 
>: Then what would it have to do with "in the universe"?  You theists
>: cannot understand that inside the universe and outside the universe
>: are two different places.  Put God outside the universe and you
>: subtract from it the ability to interact with the inside of the
>: universe, put it inside the universe and you impose the rules of
>: physics on it.
>
>1.  God is outside the universe.
>2.  Things outside the universe do not have 'the ability to interact
>    with the inside of the universe'.
>3.  Therefore God cannot interact inside the universe.
>
>(2) has no basis whatsoever.  You seem to have positive knowledge
>about this.

	(2) is a corrallary of (1).

	The negation of (2) would contridict (1).

>
>: Although we do not have a complete model of the physical rules
>: governing the inside of the universe, we expect that there are no
>: contradictory events likely to destroy the fabric of modern physics.
>: On the other hand, your notion of an omnipotent, omniscient and
>: infinitely benevolent god, is not subject to physical laws: you
>: attempt to explain this away by describing it as being outside of
>: them, beyond measurement.  To me, beyond measurement means it can
>: have no measurable effect on reality, so it cannot interact: ergo,
>: your god is IRRELEVANT.
>
>1.  God is beyond measure.
>2.  Beyond measurement means it can have no measurable effect on
>    reality.
>3.  Therefore God cannot have a measurable effect on reality.
>
>(2) has no basis whatsoever.

  (2) Is a corrallary of (1)

  The negation of (2) would contradict (1).
--


       "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill.  
        They do what god tells them to do. "

        S.N. Mozumder (snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu) 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51296
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Ontology (was: Benediktine Metaphysics)

In article <66019@mimsy.umd.edu>
mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
 
>
>>     IF IT IS CONTRADICTORY IT CANNOT EXIST.
>
>"Contradictory" is a property of language.  If I correct this to
>
>
>      THINGS DEFINED BY CONTRADICTORY LANGUAGE DO NOT EXIST
>
 
No need to correct it, it stands as it is said.
 
 
 
>I will object to definitions as reality.  If you then amend it to
>
>      THINGS DESCRIBED BY CONTRADICTORY LANGUAGE DO NOT EXIST
>
>then we've come to something which is plainly false.  Failures in
>description are merely failures in description.
>
 
You miss the point entirely. Things defined by contradictory language
do not exist. Though something existing might be meant, conclusions
drawn from the description are wrong, unless there is the possibility
to find the described, and draw conclusions from direct knowledge of
the described then. Another possibility is to drop the contradictory
part, but that implies that one can trust the concept as presented
and that one has not got to doubt the source of it as well.
 
>(I'm not an objectivist, remember.)
>
 
Neither am I. But either things are directly sensed (which includes
some form of modelling, by the way) or they are used in modelling.
Using something contradictive in modelling is not approved of.
Wonder why?
 
We remain with the question if something contradictory can be sensed
as contradictory. An important point is that either one manages to
resolve the contradictions or one is forced not to use or to refer
to the contradictory part in drawing conclusions, or one will fall
in the garbage in garbage out trap.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51297
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

(References: deleted to move this to a new thread)

In article <114133@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>In article <1phkf7INN86p@dsi.dsinc.com> perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:

>>}Rushdie is, however, as I understand, a muslim.
>>}The fact that he's a British citizen does not preclude his being muslim.
>
>>Rushdie was an atheist (to use local terminology, not to put words in
>>his mouth) at the time of writing TSV and at the time of the fatwa in
>>February 1989.[...]
>
>Well, if he was born muslim (I am fairly certain he was) then he _is_ 
>muslim until he explicitly renounces Islam. So far as I know he has never
>explicitly renounced Islam, though he may have been in extreme doubt
>about the existence of God. Being muslim is a legal as well as
>intellectual issue, according to Islam.

"To put it as simply as possible: *I am not a Muslim*.[...] I do not
 accept the charge of apostacy, because I have never in my adult life
 affirmed any belief, and what one has not affirmed one can not be
 said to have apostasized from.  The Islam I know states clearly that
 'there can be no coercion in matters of religion'.  The many Muslims
 I respect would be horrified by the idea that they belong to their
 faith *purely by virtue of birth*, and that a person who freely chose
 not to be a Muslim could therefore be put to death."
    	    	    	    	Salman Rushdie, "In Good Faith", 1990

"God, Satan, Paradise, and Hell all vanished one day in my fifteenth
 year, when I quite abruptly lost my faith.  [...]and afterwards, to
 prove my new-found atheism, I bought myself a rather tasteless ham
 sandwich, and so partook for the first time of the forbidden flesh of
 the swine.  No thunderbolt arrived to strike me down. [...] From that
 day to this I have thought of myself as a wholly seculat person."
    	    	    	    	Salman Rushdie, "In God We Trust", 1985
 
>>[I] think the Rushdie affair has discredited Islam more in my eyes than
>>Khomeini -- I know there are fanatics and fringe elements in all
>>religions, but even apparently "moderate" Muslims have participated or
>>refused to distance themselves from the witch-hunt against Rushdie.
>
>Yes, I think this is true, but there Khomenei's motivations are quite
>irrelevant to the issue. The fact of the matter is that Rushdie made
>false statements (fiction, I know, but where is the line between fact
>and fiction?) about the life of Mohammad. 

Only a functional illiterate with absolutely no conception of the
nature of the novel could think such a thing.  I'll accept it
(reluctantly) from mobs in Pakistan, but not from you.  What is
presented in the fictional dream of a demented character cannot by the
wildest stretch of the imagination be considered a reflection on the
actual Mohammad.  What's worse, the novel doesn't present the
Mahound/Mohammed character in any worse light than secular histories
of Islam; in particular, there is no "lewd" misrepresentation of his
life or that of his wives.

>That is why
>few people rush to his defense -- he's considered an absolute fool for 
>his writings in _The Satanic Verses_. 

Don't hold back; he's considered an apostate and a blasphemer.
However, it's not for his writing in _The Satanic Verses_, but for
what people have accepted as a propagandistic version of what is
contained in that book.  I have yet to find *one single muslim* who
has convinced me that they have read the book.  Some have initially
claimed to have done so, but none has shown more knowledge of the book
than a superficial Newsweek story might impart, and all have made
factual misstatements about events in the book.

>If you wish to understand the
>reasons behind this as well has the origin of the concept of "the
>satanic verses" [...] see the
>Penguin paperback by Rafiq Zakariyah called _Mohammad and the Quran_.

I'll keep an eye out for it.  I have a counter-proposal: I suggest
that you see the Viking hardcover by Salman Rushdie called _The
Satanic Verses_.  Perhaps then you'll understand.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51298
From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: A visit from the Jehovah's Witnesses

In article <1993Apr2.115300.803@batman.bmd.trw.com>, jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
|> In article <C4twso.8M2@HQ.Ileaf.COM>, mukesh@HQ.Ileaf.COM (Mukesh Prasad) writes:
|> > In article <1993Apr1.142854.794@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
|> >> In article <1p8v1aINN9e9@matt.ksu.ksu.edu>, strat@matt.ksu.ksu.edu (Steve Davis) writes:
|> >> > bskendig@netcom.com (Brian Kendig) writes:
|> >> > 
|> >> >>- The Earth is evil because Satan rules over it.
|> >> > 
|> >> > This is a new one to me.  I guess it's been a while since a Witness
|> >> > bothered with me.  Are they implying that Satan is omniscient?  You
|> >> > might try tricking them into saying that Satan is 'all-knowing' and
|> >> > then use that statement to show them how their beliefs are
|> >> > self-contradictary.  
|> >> 
|> >> No, Satan is not omniscient, but he does hold dominion over the earth
|> >> according to Christian theology (note, not to be confused with JW's
|> >> theology). 
|> >> 
|> > 
|> > What are the standard theologies on who/what created Satan,
|> > and why?
|> > 
|> 
|> Orthodox Christian theology states that God created Lucifer (Satan)
|> along with the other angels, presumably because He wanted beings to
|> celebrate (glorify) existence and life (and thereby, God) along with
|> Him.  Actually the whys and wherefores of God's motivations for 
|> creating the angels are not a big issue within Christian theology.
|> 
|> But God created Lucifer with a perfect nature and gave him along with
|> the other angels free moral will.  Lucifer was a high angel (perhaps
|> the highest) with great authority.  It seems that his greatness caused
|> him to begin to take pride in himself and desire to be equal to or
|> greater than God.  He forgot his place as a created being.  He exalted
|> himself above God, and thereby evil and sin entered creation.

Actually, the story goes that Lucifer refused to bow before MAN as 
God commanded him to.  Lucifer was devoted to God.

Oh yeah, there is nothing in Genesis that says the snake was anything
more than a snake (well, a talking one...had legs at the time, too).

I don't think pointing out contradictions in STORIES is the best way
to show the error in theology:  if they think a supernatural entity
kicked the first humans out of paradise because they bit into a
fruit that gave them special powers...well, they might not respond
well to reason and logic.  :^)

Brian /-|-\



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51299
From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: Ancient islamic rituals

In article <1993Apr3.081052.11292@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
|> There has been some discussion on the pros and cons about sex outside of
|> marriage.
  ...
|> 
|> Where is the evidence for my opinions?  At the moment, there are just
|> generalities I can cite.  For example, I read that in the 20th century,
|> the percentage of youth (and people in general) who suffer from
|> depression has been steadily climbing in Western societies (probably
|> what I was reading referred particularly to the USA).  Similarly, one
|> can detect a trend towards greater occurrence of sex outside of marriage
|> in this century in Western societies -- particularly with the "sexual
|> revolution" of the 60's, but even before that I think (otherwise the
|> "sexual revolution" of the 60's would not have been possible),
|> particularly with the gradual weakening of Christianity and consequently
|> Christian moral teachings against sex outside of marriage.  I propose
|> that these two trends -- greater level of general depression in society
|> (and other psychological problems) and greater sexual promiscuity -- are
|> linked, with the latter being a prime cause of the former.  I cannot
|> provide any evidence beyond this at this stage, but the whole thesis
|> seems very reasonable to me and I request that people ponder upon it.
|> 
|>  Fred Rice <-- a Muslim, giving his point of view.
|>  darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

I think this is a big leap sex->depression.  One example is myself,
where no sex->depression :)  But, seriously 1) promiscuity is on a decline,
depression is not and 2) it might be more reasonable to say 
depression->promiscuity.  I think depression is more likely to come
from emotional problems (relationships, family, job, friends) and
promiscuity is used as an escape.
Since I see marriage as a civil and religious bond rather than an
emotional bond, I don't see a problem with sex before (not outside of)
marriage so long as you have the same commitment and devotion as
what is expected from a married couple.  Of course, this is just 
my opinion.

Brian /-|-\

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51300
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Yeah, Right

In article <66014@mimsy.umd.edu>
mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
 
>>And what about that revelation thing, Charley?
>
>If you're talking about this intellectual engagement of revelation, well,
>it's obviously a risk one takes.
>
 
I see, it is not rational, but it is intellectual. Does madness qualify
as intellectual engagement, too?
 
 
>>Many people say that the concept of metaphysical and religious knowledge
>>is contradictive.
>
>I'm not an objectivist, so I'm not particularly impressed with problems of
>conceptualization.  The problem in this case is at least as bad as that of
>trying to explain quantum mechanics and relativity in the terms of ordinary
>experience.  One can get some rough understanding, but the language is, from
>the perspective of ordinary phenomena, inconsistent, and from the
>perspective of what's being described, rather inexact (to be charitable).
>
 
Exactly why science uses mathematics. QM representation in natural language
is not supposed to replace the elaborate representation in mathematical
terminology. Nor is it supposed to be the truth, as opposed to the
representation of gods or religions in ordinary language. Admittedly,
not  every religion says so, but a fancy side effect of their inept
representations are the eternal hassles between religions.
 
And QM allows for making experiments that will lead to results that will
be agreed upon as being similar. Show me something similar in religion.
 
 
>An analogous situation (supposedly) obtains in metaphysics; the problem is
>that the "better" descriptive language is not available.
>
 
With the effect that the models presented are useless. And one can argue
that the other way around, namely that the only reason metaphysics still
flourish is because it makes no statements that can be verified or falsified -
showing that it is bogus.
 
 
>>And in case it holds reliable information, can you show how you establish
>>that?
>
>This word "reliable" is essentially meaningless in the context-- unless you
>can show how reliability can be determined.
 
Haven't you read the many posts about what reliability is and how it can
be acheived respectively determined?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51301
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In <2942956021.3.p00261@psilink.com> "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:

>>DATE:   Sat, 3 Apr 1993 10:00:39 GMT
>>FROM:   Fred Rice <darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au>
>>
>>In <1p8ivt$cfj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>>
>>>Should we British go around blowing up skyscrapers next?
>>
>>I don't know if you are doing so, but it seems you are implying 
>>(1) that the person accused of blowing up the WTC in NY actually did it,
>>and
>>(2) that Islamic teachings have something to do with blowing up the WTC.
>>
>>[WTC = World Trade Centre, which was the building that was blown up, I
>>think.]
>>
>>Okay... to make some comments...
>>
>>(1) The person has only been accused -- innocent until proven guilty,
>>remember?  Secondly, there seem to be some holes in his accusation that
>>I read about.  For instance, if they guy used that particular van to
>>blow up the building, and then to go back and claim his deposit back
>>afterwards, he must be incredibly stupid.  

>Perhaps Salamen was one of those "uneducated" Muslims we hear so much about.

>>Nevertheless, he was
>>apparently smart enough to put together a very sophisticated bomb.  It
>>doesn't seem to fit together, somehow.  

>Actually, Salameh was not the ONLY person involved.  The other fellow was
>a chemical engineer working for Allied Signal who had specifically studied
>explosive devices in school (believe it or not - we actually allow radical
>Muslim types to study things like this in our universities - so much for
>the price of freedom)

From what I read, the other fellow told Salameh how to put it together
over the phone.  The bomb was supposedly some sort of sophisticated
type, so to put a (I assume complicated) sophisticated bomb together
from instructions _over the phone_ (!) one must need some brains I would
expect.

>>Despite this, there have
>>already been many attacks and threats against mosques and Muslims in the
>>United States as a consequence of his accusation, I have read.
>>

>O.K., now please tell us where this is happening.  I live in the U.S. and
>I have heard very little about these mosque attacks.  There are many mosques
>in Houston, Texas and I would like to know what is going on so I can verify
>this.  Or is the Great Jewish Media Conspiracy keeping us from knowing about
>this in the U.S.  We heard about the mosque attacks during the Desert Storm
>venture, so why is it so quiet now?  Maybe it is localized to New Jersey?

I read this in an article in "The Australian Muslim Times", the
newspaper (weekly) of the Australian Muslim community.  

If this is true, perhaps one of the Muslims based in North America (if
they see this posting) can elaborate.

>>(2) Islamic teachings teach against harming the innocent.  In the Qur'an
>>it explicitly teaches against harming innocents even in times of war.
>>The blowing up of the WTC and harming innocents is therefore in blatant
>>contradiction to Islamic teachings.

>This means absolutely nothing.  Plenty of people commit violence while 
>following what they think are valid religious principles.  I have seen
>people post many things here from the Koran which could be "misinterpreted"
>(if that is the explanation you wish to use) by an "uneducated" Muslim to
>allow them to harm idolators and unbelievers.  The first thing every Muslim
>says is that no Muslim could have done that because Islam teaches against
>harming innocents.  And we are supposed to take you WORD that it NEVER
>happens.   What do you think is the consequence?  Does Allah strike them
>down before the "alleged" violence occurs?  Of course not.  Muslims commit
>the violent act and then everyone hides behind verses in the Koran.  We're
>pretty hip to that trick.  And I even doubt that it will come up in the
>trials.  

>"My defense is that I am Muslim and Islam teaches me not to harm the innocent.
>Therefore, the people who were killed must not have been innocent.  Sure we
>set off the bomb, your honor, but you must remember, sir, I am a Muslim.
>Allah is all-powerful.  Allah would not have allowed this.  Are you insulting
>my religion?"

>Great defense, eh?

>Just admit that there are some incredibly stupid, violent Muslims in the 
>world and stop hiding from that fact.  It does no one any good to deny it.
>It only makes the more reasonable Muslims look like they are protecting the
>bad ones.  Can you see that?

I don't deny this fact.

The thrust of my argument here is that 

(a) Salameh is, according to US law, innocent as he has not been found
guilty in a court of law.  As his guilt has not been established, it is
wrong for people to make postings based on this assumption.

(b) Islam teaches us _not_ to harm innocents.  If Muslims -- who perhaps
have not realized that Islam teaches this -- perform such actions, it is
_not_ _because_ of the teachings of Islam, but rather _in spite of_ and
_in contradiction to_ the  teachings of Islam.  This is an important 
distinction.

I should clarify what Muslims usually mean when they say "Muslim".  In
general, anyone who calls themselves a "Muslim" and does not do or 
outwardly profess
something in clear contradiction with the essential teachings of Islam
is considered to be a Muslim.  Thus, one who might do things contrary to
Islam (through ignorance, for example) does not suddenly _not_ become a
Muslim.  If one knowingly transgresses Islamic teachings and essential
principles, though, then one does leave Islam.

The term "Muslim" is to be contrasted with "Mu'min", which means "true
believer".  However, whether a Muslim is in reality a Mu'min is
something known only by God (and perhaps that person himself).  So you
will not find the term Mu'min used very much by Muslims in alt.atheism,
because it is not known to anybody (except myself and God), whether I,
for example, am a "true believer" or not.  For example, I could just be
putting on a show here, and in reality believe something opposite to
what I write here, without anyone knowing.  Thus, when we say "Muslims"
we mean all those who outwardly profess to follow Islam, whether in
practice they might, in ignorance, transgress Islamic teachings.  By
"Muslim" we do not necessarily mean "Mu'min", or "true believer" in
Islam.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51302
From: dpw@sei.cmu.edu (David Wood)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating



mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:

>>David Wood writes:
>>
>>    "Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence."
>
>More seriously, this is just a high-falutin' way of saying "I don't believe
>what you're saying".

Are you making a meta-argument here?  In any case, you are wrong.  
Think of those invisible pink unicorns.

>Also, the existence if Jesus is not an extradinary claim.  

I was responding to the "historical accuracy... of Biblical claims",
of which the existence of Jesus is only one, and one that was not even
mentioned in my post.

>You may want to
>complain that the miracles attributed to him do constitute such claims (and
>I won't argue otherwise), but that is a different issue.

Wrong.  That was exactly the issue.  Go back and read the context
included within my post, and you'll see what I mean.

Now that I've done you the kindness of responding to your questions,
please do the same for me.  Answer the Charley Challenges.  Your claim
that they are of the "did not!/ did so!" variety is a dishonest dodge
that I feel certain fools only one person.

--Dave Wood

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51303
From: dpw@sei.cmu.edu (David Wood)
Subject: Re: And Another THing:



mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:

>Keith Ryan writes:
>>
>>You will ignore any criticism of your logic, or any possible incongruenties
>>in your stance?  You will not answer any questions on the validity of any
>>opinion and/or facts you state?

>When I have to start saying "that's not what I said", and the response is
>"did so!", there's no reason to continue.  If someone is not going to argue
>with MY version of MY position, then they cannot be argued with.

But of course YOUR version of YOUR position has been included in the
Charley Challenges, so your claim above is a flat-out lie.  Further,
only last week you claimed that you "might not" answer the Challenges
because you were turned off by "included text".  So which is it, do
you want your context included in my articles or not?  Come to think
of it, this contradiction has the makings of a new entry in the next
Challenges post.

By the way, I've kept every bloody thing that you've written related
to this thread, and will be only too pleased to re-post any of it to
back my position.  You seem to have forgotten that you leave an
electronic paper trail on the net.

>>This is the usual theist approach.  No matter how many times a certain
>>argument has been disproven, shown to be non-applicable or non-sequitur;
>>they keep cropping up- time after time.

>Speaking of non-sequiturs, this has little to do with what I just said.  And
>have some sauce for the goose: some of the "disproof" is fallacies repeated
>over and over (such as the "law of nature" argument someone posted recently).

Now, now, let's not change the subject.  Wouldn't it be best to finish
up the thread in question before you begin new ones?

--Dave Wood

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51304
Subject: Periodic Post of Charley Challenges, #3, with additions
From: dpw@sei.cmu.edu (David Wood)



New in this version:  challenge #5, plus an addendum summarizing
Charley's responses to-date..
-----------------------------------------

*** This is a posting made periodically in an attempt to encourage
*** Charley Wingate to address direct challenges to his evidently 
*** specious claims.  I'll continue to re-post periodically until
*** he answers them, publicly indicates that he won't answer them,
*** stops posting to alt.atheism, the alt.atheism community tells
*** me to stop, or I get totally bored.  I apologize for the 
*** somewhat juvenile nature of this approach, but I'm at a loss
*** to figure out another way to crack his intransigence and 
*** seeming intellectual dishonesty.
***
*** This is re-post #3.


Charley,

I can't help but notice that you have still failed to provide answers
to substantive questions that have been raised in response to your
previous posts.  I submit that you don't answer them because you
cannot answer them without running afoul of your own logic, and I once
again challenge you to prove me wrong.  To make the task as easy for
you as possible, I'll present concise re-statements of some of the
questions that you have failed to answer, in the hope that you may
address them one at a time for all to see.

Should you fail to answer again within a reasonable time period, I
will re-post this article, with suitable additions and deletions, at
such time that I notice a post by you on another topic.  I will repeat
this procedure until you either address the outstanding challenges or
you cease to post to this newsgroup.

I would like to apologize in advance if you have answered any of these
questions previously and your answer missed my notice.  If you can be
kind enough to re-post or e-mail such articles, I will be only too
pleased to publicly rescind the challenge in question, and remove it
from this list.

Now, to the questions...

1. After claiming that all atheists fit into neat psychological
patterns that you proposed, then semi-retracting that claim by stating
that you weren't referring to *all* atheists, I asked you to name some
atheists who you feel don't fit your patterns, to show that you indeed
were not referring to all atheists that you are aware of.  You failed
to do so.  Please do so now.

Question: Can you name any a.a posters who do not fit into your
stereotype?

Here is the context for the question:

>>> This is not true for everyone on this board, and you are out of line
>>> in assuming that it is.
>>
>>YOU, however, deleted the text further along where I said that I didn't mean
>>to imply that everybody's experience was along the same lines.  
>
>Whether or not you *mean* to make such implications, you do so
>repeatedly.  
>
>Allow me to approach the issue from another viewpoint: can you name
>those atheists that you've come across who *do not* fit into the
>patterns that you theorize?


2. You have taken umbrage to statements to the effect that "senses and
reason are all we have to go by", and when pressed, you have implied
that we have an alternative called revelation.  I have repeatedly
asked you to explain what revelation is and how one can both
experience and interpret revelation without doing so via our senses
and reason.  You failed to do so.  Please do so now.

Question: Can you explain what is revelation and how one can
experience and interpret it without using senses and inherent
reasoning?

Here is the context for the question:

>>Revelation is not reason, and if we DO have revelation, then
>>reasoning is NOT all we have.

>First, show me that revelation exists.  Second, if revelation is not
>perceived through the senses, how exactly is it perceived?  According
>to my Webster's, revelation is "an act of revealing or communicating
>divine truth."  Now, tell me how such a thing can be revealed/
>communicated other than via the senses?  Tell me how you can interpret
>this revelation other than with reason, that is, using your brain to
>interpret what you are sensing.  When I say there is no way for a
>human being to interface with the universe other than via the senses as
>interpreted by reason (your brain), it is because this is the simple
>truth.  If you have another mechanism of interface, by all means,
>share it with us.

then later...

>>>You CANNOT escape the fact that our entire interface with the universe is
>>>our senses and our reason, period.
>>
>>Again, this is indefensible.  
>
>No, it is simple truth.  I challenge you to show me otherwise.

then later...

>>Few mystics will agree to this assertion, and the common defense of
>>redefining "senses" to absorb (for instance) mystical experiences is
>>begs the question of whether some senses are better than others.
>
>I allow you the broadest definition of senses, to make things easier
>for you.  Now, show me that "mystical experiences" exist.  Remember,
>you aren't allowed to go by testimony of others (e.g., mystics), since
>you have dismissed my testimony as unreliable - you know, tainted by
>my own bias.  Further, once these mystical thingies are absorbed, show
>me evidence that a human can recognize and respond to them short of
>interpretation via that person's reasoning capabilities.
>
>I challenge you to show me these things.  If you cannot do so, you
>might as well give up the fight.

then later...

>Let me reiterate, you have NOT explained your interpretation of your
>experiences, so it is not possible for me to have attacked them.  In
>point of fact, I specifically challenged you to explain this
>revelation stuff that you were talking about, and I note for the
>record that you appear to have declined my challenge.
>
>*What* is it?  *How* is it sensed?  *How* is it interpreted?  And
>*how* does this sensing and interpretation occur without the conduit
>of our senses and reasoning abilities?  You have answered none of
>these questions that go straight to the heart of your claims.  If you
>can't answer them, your claims are entirely specious.


3.  You have stated that all claims to dispassionate analysis made by
a.a posters are unverifiable and fantastical.  I asked you to identify
one such claim that I have made.  You have failed to do so.  Please do
so now.

Question: Have I made any claims at all that are unverifiable and
fantastical?  If so, please repeat them.

Here is the context for the question:


>>I must thank David Wood a most sensitive and intelligent (if wrong :-))
>>posting.  

then later...

>>Likewise, the reference to "unverifiable, fantastical
>>claims" represents fairly accurately my reaction to all of the claims to
>>dispassionate analysis that are repeated in this group.
>
>Give me your address and I'll be pleased to send you a dictionary.
>Failing that, can you name ONE claim that I have made that is in any
>sense unverifiable or fantastical?  I demand that you retract this
>statement if you cannot offer up evidence.  If you follow your usual
>pattern of ignoring the challenge, then you are simply an asshole.


4.  First you dismissed claims by atheists that they became atheists as
a result of reason, then later you stated that if one accepted the
"axioms" of reason that one couldn't help but become atheist.  I asked
you to explain the contradiction.  Your only response was a statement
that the question was incoherent, an opinion not shared by others that
I have asked, be they atheist or theist.  You have failed to answer
the question.  Please do so now.

Question: Do you retract your claim that a.a posters have not become
atheists as a result of reason, despite their testimony to that
effect?  If you don't retract that claim, do you retract the
subsequent claim that acceptance of the axioms of reason inevitably
result in atheism?

Here is the context for the question:

[First quote]
>>...we have here a bunch of people who claim that their position is
>>based on reason... it is up to atheists to prove it to me...
>
>then,
>
[Second quote]
>>...but I do not see how one can accept these axioms and not end up with
>>an atheistic point of view.


5.  First, you claimed that you would (probably) not answer these
Challenges because they contained too much in the way of "included
text" from previous posts.  Later, you implied that you wouldn't
respond because I was putting words in your mouth.  Please clarify
this seeming contradiction.

Question:  Do you prefer to respond to Challenges that include context
from your own posts, or that I paraphrase your positions in order to
avoid "included text"?

Here is the context for the question:

First you said:

>>My ordinary rules are that I don't read articles over over 150 lines
>>or articles in which there is nothing but included text on the first
>>screen.  THese are not rules of morality, but practicality.

then later...

>>If someone is not going to argue with MY version of MY position, then
>>they cannot be argued with.


As usual, your responses are awaited with anticipation.

--Dave Wood


p.s., For the record, below is a compilation of Charley's responses to
these challenges to date.

3/18/93
>>This makes no sense to me at all; it gives the appearance either of utter
>>incoherence, or of answering some question of Mr. Wood's imagination.

3/31/93 (#1)
>>Mr. Wood, I do not subscribe to the opinion that a gauntlet thrown down on
>>the net requires any response whatsoever.  At some point I might read and
>>respond to your article, and then again, I might not.  My ordinary rules are
>>that I don't read articles over over 150 lines or articles in which there is
>>nothing but included text on the first screen.  THese are not rules of
>>morality, but practicality.

3/31/93 (#2)
>>I left out something else I don't respond to.
>>...
>>Utmost on my list of things to avoid are arguments about the arguments
>>(meta-arguments, as some call them).

4/3/93
>>When I have to start saying "that's not what I said", and the response is
>>"did so!", there's no reason to continue.  If someone is not going to argue
>>with MY version of MY position, then they cannot be argued with.




Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51305
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)

halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:

>>I think an objective morality does exist, but that most flavors of morality
>>are only approximations to it.  Once again, a natural or objective morality
>>is fairly easily defined, as long as you have a goal in mind--that is, what
>>is the purpose of this morality.
>Maybe I'm not quite getting what you mean by this, but I think objective 
>morality is an oxymoron.  By definition, it seems, any _goal_ oriented 
>issue like this is subjective by nature.  I don't get how you're using
>the word objective.

But, the goal need not be a subjective one.  For instance, the goal of
natural morality is the propogation of a species, perhaps.  It wasn't
really until the more intelligent animals came along that some revisions
to this were necessary.  Intelligent animals have different needs than
the others, and hence a morality suited to them must be a bit more
complicated than "the law of the jungle."  I don't think that
self-actualization is so subjective as you might think.  And, by
objectivity, I am assuming that the ideals of any such system could be
carried out completely.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51306
From: dpw@sei.cmu.edu (David Wood)
Subject: Request for Support



I have a request for those who would like to see Charley Wingate
respond to the "Charley Challenges" (and judging from my e-mail, there
appear to be quite a few of you.)  

It is clear that Mr. Wingate intends to continue to post tangential or
unrelated articles while ingoring the Challenges themselves.  Between
the last two re-postings of the Challenges, I noted perhaps a dozen or
more posts by Mr. Wingate, none of which answered a single Challenge.  

It seems unmistakable to me that Mr. Wingate hopes that the questions
will just go away, and he is doing his level best to change the
subject.  Given that this seems a rather common net.theist tactic, I
would like to suggest that we impress upon him our desire for answers,
in the following manner:

1. Ignore any future articles by Mr. Wingate that do not address the
Challenges, until he answers them or explictly announces that he
refuses to do so.

--or--

2. If you must respond to one of his articles, include within it
something similar to the following:

    "Please answer the questions posed to you in the Charley Challenges."

Really, I'm not looking to humiliate anyone here, I just want some
honest answers.  You wouldn't think that honesty would be too much to
ask from a devout Christian, would you?  

Nevermind, that was a rhetorical question.

--Dave Wood

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51307
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

In article <66020@mimsy.umd.edu>
mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
 
>Assuming you are presenting it accurately, I don't see how this argument
>really leads to any firm conclusion.  The material in John (I'm not sure
>exactly what is referred to here, but I'll take for granted the similarity
>to the Matt./Luke "Q" material) IS different; hence, one could have almost
>any relationship between the two, right up to John getting it straight from
>Jesus' mouth.
>
 
No, the argument says John has known Q, ie a codified version of the logia,
and not the original, assuming that there has been one. It has weaknesses,
of course, like that John might have known the original, yet rather referred
to Q in his text, or that the logia were given in a codified version in
the first place.
 
The argument alone does not allow a firm conclusion, but it fits well into
the dating usually given for the gospels.
 
 
>>We are talking date of texts here, not the age of the authors. The usual
>>explanation for the time order of Mark, Matthew and Luke does not consider
>>their respective ages. It says Matthew has read the text of Mark, and Luke
>>that of Matthew (and probably that of Mark).
>
>The version of the "usual theory" I have heard has Matthew and Luke
>independently relying on Mark and "Q".  One would think that if Luke relied
>on Matthew, we wouldn't have the grating inconsistencies in the geneologies,
>for one thing.
>
 
Not necessarily, Luke may have trusted the version he knew better than the
version given by Matthew. Improving on Matthew would give a motive, for
instance.
 
As far as I know, the theory that Luke has known Matthew is based on a
statistical analysis of the texts.
 
 
>>As it is assumed that John knew the content of Luke's text. The evidence
>>for that is not overwhelming, admittedly.
>
>This is the part that is particularly new to me.  If it were possible that
>you could point me to a reference, I'd be grateful.
>
 
Yep, but it will take another day or so to get the source. I hope your German
is good enough. :-)
 
 
>>>Unfortunately, I haven't got the info at hand.  It was (I think) in the late
>>>'70s or early '80s, and it was possibly as old as CE 200.
>
>>When they are from about 200, why do they shed doubt on the order on
>>putting John after the rest of the three?
>
>Because it closes up the gap between (supposed) writing and the existing
>copy quit a bit.  The further away from the original, the more copies can be
>written, and therefore survival becomes more probable.
>
 
I still do not see how copies from 200 allow to change the dating of John.
 
 
>>That John was a disciple is not generally accepted. The style and language
>>together with the theology are usually used as counterargument.
>
>I'm not really impressed with the "theology" argument.  But I'm really
>pointing this out as an "if".  And as I pointed out earlier, one cannot make
>these arguments about I Peter; I see no reason not to accept it as an
>authentic letter.
>
 
Yes, but an if gives only possibilities and no evidence. The authencity of
many letters is still discussed. It looks as if conclusions about them are not
drawn because some pet dogmas of the churches would probably fall with them as
well.
 
 
>>One step and one generation removed is bad even in our times. Compare that
>>to reports of similar events in our century in almost illiterate societies.
>
>The best analogy would be reporters talking to the participants, which is
>not so bad.
>
 
Well, rather like some newsletter of a political party reporting from the
big meeting. Not necessarily wrong, but certainly bad.
 
 
>>In other words, one does not know what the original of Mark did look like
>>and arguments based on Mark are pretty weak.
>
>But the statement of divinity is not in that section, and in any case, it's
>agreed that the most important epistles predate Mark.
 
Yes, but the accuracy of their tradition is another problem.
 
Question: Are there letters not from Paul and predating Mark claiming the
divinity of Jesus?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51308
From: bobs@thnext.mit.edu (Robert Singleton)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution

In article <16BA8C4AC.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de>  
I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
> In article <1pq47tINN8lp@senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU>
> bobs@thnext.mit.edu (Robert Singleton) writes:
>  
> (Deletion)
> >
> >I will argue that your latter statement, "I believe that no gods exist"
> >does rest upon faith - that is, if you are making a POSITIVE statement
> >that "no gods exist" (strong atheism) rather than merely saying I don't
> >know and therefore don't believe in them and don't NOT believe in then
> >(weak atheism). Once again, to not believe in God is different than
> >saying I BELIEVE that God does not exist. I still maintain the 
> >position, even after reading the FAQs, that strong atheism requires 
> >faith.
> >
>  
> No it in the way it is usually used. In my view, you are saying here 
> that driving a car requires faith that the car drives.
>  

I'm not saying this at all - it requires no faith on my part to
say the car drives because I've seen it drive - I've done more
than at in fact - I've actually driven it. (now what does require
some faith is the belief that my senses give an accurate representation
of what's out there....) But there is NO evidence - pro or con -
for the existence or non-existence of God (see what I have to
say below on this).

> For me it is a conclusion, and I have no more faith in it than I 
> have in the premises and the argument used.
>  

Sorry if I remain skeptical - I don't believe it's entirely a
conclusion. That you have seen no evidence that there IS a God
is correct - neither have I. But lack of evidence for the existence 
of something is in NO WAY evidence for the non-existence of something 
(the creationist have a similar mode of argumentation in which if they 
disprove evolution the establish creation). You (personally) have never 
seen a neutrino before, but they exist. The "pink unicorn" analogy breaks
down and is rather naive. I have a scientific theory that explains the 
appearance of animal life - evolution. When I draw the conclusion that 
"pink unicorns" don't exist because I haven't seen them, this conclusion
has it's foundation in observation and theory. A "pink unicorn", if
it did exist, would be qualitatively similar to other known entities.
That is to say, since there is good evidence that all life on earth has
evolved from "more primitive" ancestors these pink unicorns would share 
a common anscestory with horses and zebras and such. God, however,
has no such correspondence with anything (IMO). There is no physical
frame work of observation to draw ANY conclusions FROM. 



> >But first let me say the following.
> >We might have a language problem here - in regards to "faith" and
> >"existence". I, as a Christian, maintain that God does not exist.
> >To exist means to have being in space and time. God does not HAVE
> >being - God IS Being. Kierkegaard once said that God does not
> >exist, He is eternal. With this said, I feel it's rather pointless
> >to debate the so called "existence" of God - and that is not what
> >I'm doing here. I believe that God is the source and ground of
> >being. When you say that "god does not exist", I also accept this
> >statement - but we obviously mean two different things by it. However,
> >in what follows I will use the phrase "the existence of God" in it's
> >'usual sense' - and this is the sense that I think you are using it.
> >I would like a clarification upon what you mean by "the existence of
> >God".
> >
>  
> No, that's a word game. 

I disagree with you profoundly on this. I haven't defined God as
existence - in fact, I haven't defined God. But this might be
getting off the subject - although if you think it's relevant
we can come back to it. 

>  
> Further, saying god is existence is either a waste of time, existence is
> already used and there is no need to replace it by god, or you are 
> implying more with it, in which case your definition and your argument 
> so far are incomplete, making it a fallacy.
>  

You are using wrong categories here - or perhaps you misunderstand
what I'm saying. I'm making no argument what so ever and offering no
definition so there is no fallacy. I'm not trying to convince you of
anything. *I* Believe - and that rests upon Faith. And it is inappropriate
to apply the category of logic in this realm (unless someone tells you
that they can logically prove God or that they have "evidence" or ...,
then the use of logic to disprove their claims if fine and necessary).

BTW, an incomplete argument is not a fallacy - some things are not
EVEN wrong. 

>  
> (Deletion)
> >One can never prove that God does or does not exist. When you say
> >that you believe God does not exist, and that this is an opinion
> >"based upon observation", I will have to ask "what observtions are
> >you refering to?" There are NO observations - pro or con - that
> >are valid here in establishing a POSITIVE belief.
> (Deletion)
>  
> Where does that follow? Aren't observations based on the assumption
> that something exists?
>  

I don't follow you here. Certainly one can make observations of
things that they didn't know existed. I still maintain that one
cannot use observation to infer that "God does not exist". Such
a positive assertion requires a leap.  



> And wouldn't you say there is a level of definition that the assumption
> "god is" is meaningful. If not, I would reject that concept anyway.
>  
> So, where is your evidence for that "god is" is meaningful at some 
> level?

Once again you seem to completely misunderstand me. I have no
EVIDENCE that "'god is' is meaningful" at ANY level. Maybe such
a response as you gave just comes naturally to you because so
many people try to run their own private conception of God down
your throat. I, however, am not doing this. I am arguing one, and
only one, thing - that to make a positive assertion about something
for which there can in principle be no evidence for or against
requires a leap - it requires faith. I am, as you would say, a
"theist"; however, there is a form of atheism that I can respect -
but it must be founded upon honesty. 



>    Benedikt

--
bob singleton
bobs@thnext.mit.edu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51309
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Second Law (was: Albert Sabin)

Joel Hanes (jjh00@diag.amdahl.com) wrote:

: Mr Connor's assertion that "more complex" == later in paleontology
: is simply incorrect.  Many lineages are known in which whole
: structures are lost -- for example, snakes have lost their legs.
: Cave fish have lost their eyes.  Some species have almost completely
: lost their males.  Kiwis are descended from birds with functional
: wings.

Joel,

The statements I made were illustrative of the inescapably
anthrpomorphic quality of any desciption of an evolutionary process.
There is no way evolution can be described or explained in terms other
than teleological, that is my whole point. Even those who have reason
to believe they understand evolution (biologists for instance) tend to
personify nature and I can't help but wonder if it's because of the
limits of the language or the nature of nature.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51310
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

Keith M. Ryan (kmr4@po.CWRU.edu) wrote:
: 
: 	Wild and fanciful claims require greater evidence. If you state that 
: one of the books in your room is blue, I certainly do not need as much 
: evidence to believe than if you were to claim that there is a two headed 
: leapard in your bed. [ and I don't mean a male lover in a leotard! ]

Keith, 

If the issue is, "What is Truth" then the consequences of whatever
proposition argued is irrelevent. If the issue is, "What are the consequences
if such and such -is- True", then Truth is irrelevent. Which is it to
be?


Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51311
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Gospel Dating

Jim Perry (perry@dsinc.com) wrote:

: The Bible says there is a God; if that is true then our atheism is
: mistaken.  What of it?  Seems pretty obvious to me.  Socrates said
: there were many gods; if that is true then your monotheism (and our
: atheism) is mistaken, even if Socrates never existed.


Jim,

I think you must have come in late. The discussion (on my part at
least) began with Benedikt's questioning of the historical acuuracy of
the NT. I was making the point that, if the same standards are used to
validate secular history that are used here to discredit NT history,
then virtually nothing is known of the first century.

You seem to be saying that the Bible -cannot- be true because it
speaks of the existence of God as it it were a fact. Your objection
has nothing to do with history, it is merely another statement of
atheism.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51312
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Not the Omni!

Charley Wingate (mangoe@cs.umd.edu) wrote:
: 
: >> Please enlighten me.  How is omnipotence contradictory?
: 
: >By definition, all that can occur in the universe is governed by the rules
: >of nature. Thus god cannot break them. Anything that god does must be allowed
: >in the rules somewhere. Therefore, omnipotence CANNOT exist! It contradicts
: >the rules of nature.
: 
: Obviously, an omnipotent god can change the rules.

When you say, "By definition", what exactly is being defined;
certainly not omnipotence. You seem to be saying that the "rules of
nature" are pre-existant somehow, that they not only define nature but
actually cause it. If that's what you mean I'd like to hear your
further thoughts on the question.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51313
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: IF ONLY HE KNEW

prudenti@juncol.juniata.edu wrote:

: Upon arriving at home, Joseph probably took advantage of Mary...had his way
: with her so to speak.  Of course, word of this couldn't get around so Mary,
: being the highly-religious follower that she was decided "Hey, I'll just say
: that GOD impregnated me...no one will ever know!"
: 
: Thus, seen as a trustworthy and honorable soul, she was believed...
:     
: And then came Jesus, the child born from violence.
: 
: 
: 

Dave,

Can you explain the purpose of your post, I can't imagine what you
must have thougt it meant. 

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51314
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Allah Akbar and Praise the Lord.

Maddi Hausmann (madhaus@netcom.com) wrote:
: 
: And thank the Lord that Bill Connor has returned to set
: us straight!  Now I know I can die happy when my Lexus
: SE400 wipes out on that rain-slick curve in 1997.  The
: rest of you had best straighten up, because your time 
: is even more limited.  Most of you are going in the Flu
: of 1994.

Maddi,

You know you're glad to have me visit ...
But I won't stay long this time, just shopping around.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51315
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Dear Mr. Theist

Pixie (dl2021@andy.bgsu.edu) wrote:

:      For all the problems technology has caused, your types have made
: things even worse.  Must we be reminded of the Inquisition, Operation
: Rescue, the Ku Klux Klan, Posse Comitatus, the 700 Club, David Duke, Salem
: Witch Trials, the Crusades, gay bashings, etc.
:      PLUS virtually each and every single war, regardless of the level of
: technology, has had theistic organizations cheering on the carnage
: (chaplains, etc.), and claiming that god was in favor of the whole ordeal. 
: Don't forget to pray for our troops!
:      

This is really tedious. Every bad thing that's ever happened is
because the malefactors were under the influence of religion - does
anyone -really- believe that. I've seen it so often it must be a
pretty general opinion in a.a, but I want to believe that atheists are
really not THAT dishonest. Please, stick to the facts and, having
accomplished that, interpret them correctly.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51316
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Is Morality Constant (was Re: Biblical Rape)

Jim Perry (perry@dsinc.com) wrote:

: }Xenophobia, both *de facto* and *de jure* as implemented
: }in legal systems, is widespread, while the Bible,
: }although not 100% egalitarian, specifically preaches
: }kindness to the stranger, and emphasizes in the Book
: }of Ruth, that a foreigner can join the nation and
: }give rise to one of the great heroes of the nation.
: 
: Clearly better than the alternative, but as an American what strikes
: me as strange about this story is that it should have even been
: considered an issue.

Jim,

There are a couple of things about your post and others in this thread
that are a little confusing. An atheist is one for whom all things can
be understood as processes of nature - exclusively. There is no need
for any recourse to Divnity to describe or explain anything. There is
no purpose or direction for any event beyond those required by
physics, chemistry, biology, etc.; everything is random, nothing is
determnined.
This would also have to include human intelligence of course and all
its products. There is nothing requiring that life evolve or that it
acquire intelligence, it's just a happy accident. For an atheist, no
event can be preferred to another or be said to have more or less
value than another in any naturalistic sense, and no thought -about-
an event can have value. 
The products of our intelligence are acquired from our environment,
from teaching, training, observation and experience and are only
significant to the individual mind wherein they reside. These mental
processes and the images they produce for us are just electrical
activity and nothing more; content is of no consequence. The human
mind is as much a response to natural forces as water running down a
hill.
How then can an atheist judge value? What is the basis for criticizing
the values ennumerated in the Bible or the purposes imputed to God? On
what grounds can the the behavior of the reliogious be condemned? It
seems that, in judging the values that motivate others to action, you
have to have some standard against which conduct is measured, but what
in nature can serve that purpose? What law of nature can you invoke to
establish your values.
Since every event is entirely and exclusively a physical event, what
difference could it possibly make what -anyone- does, religious or
otherwise, there can be no -meaning- or gradation of value. The only
way an atheist can object to -any- behaviour is to admit that the
objection is entirely subjective and that he(she) just doesn't like it
- that's it. Any value judgement must be prefaced by the disclaimer
that it is nothing more than a matter of personal opinion and carries
no weight in any "absolute" sense.
That you don't like what God told people to do says nothing about God
or God's commands, it says only that there was an electrical event in your
nervous system that created an emotional state that your mind coupled
with a pre-existing thought-set to form that reaction. That your
objections -seem- well founded is due to the way you've been
conditioned; there is no "truth" content. The whole of your
intellectual landscape is an illusion, a virtual reality.
I didn't make these rules, it's inherent in naturalistic atheism and
to be consistent, you have to accept the non-significance of any human
thought, even your own. All of this being so, you have excluded
yourself from any discussion of values, right, wrong, goood, evil,
etc. and cannot participate. Your opinion about the Bible can have no
weight whatsoever.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51317
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Bill Conner:


Could you explain what any of this pertains to? Is this a position
statement on something or typing practice? And why are you using my
name, do you think this relates to anything I've said and if so, what.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51318
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Islam & Dress Code for women

In <16BA7103C3.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:

>In article <1993Apr5.091258.11830@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
>darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
> 
>(Deletion)
>>>>Of course people say what they think to be the religion, and that this
>>>>is not exactly the same coming from different people within the
>>>>religion.  There is nothing with there existing different perspectives
>>>>within the religion -- perhaps one can say that they tend to converge on
>>>>the truth.
>>
>>>My point is that they are doing a lot of harm on the way in the meantime.
>>>
>>>And that they converge is counterfactual, religions appear to split and
>>>diverge. Even when there might be a 'True Religion' at the core, the layers
>>>above determine what happens in practise, and they are quite inhumane
>>>usually.
>>>
> 
>What you post then is supposed to be an answer, but I don't see what is has
>got to do with what I say.
> 
>I will repeat it. Religions as are harm people. And religions don't
>converge, they split. Giving more to disagree upon. And there is a lot
>of disagreement to whom one should be tolerant or if one should be
>tolerant at all.

Ideologies also split, giving more to disagree upon, and may also lead
to intolerance.  So do you also oppose all ideologies?

I don't think your argument is an argument against religion at all, but
just points out the weaknesses of human nature.

>(Big deletion)
>>(2) Do women have souls in Islam?
>>
>>People have said here that some Muslims say that women do not have
>>souls.  I must admit I have never heard of such a view being held by
>>Muslims of any era.  I have heard of some Christians of some eras
>>holding this viewpoint, but not Muslims.  Are you sure you might not be
>>confusing Christian history with Islamic history?
> 
>Yes, it is supposed to have been a predominant view in the Turkish
>Caliphate.

I would like a reference if you have got one, for this is news to me.

>>Anyhow, that women are the spiritual equals of men can be clearly shown
>>from many verses of the Qur'an.  For example, the Qur'an says:
>>
>>"For Muslim men and women, --
>>for believing men and women,
>>for devout men and women,
>>for true men and women,
>>for men and women who are patient and constant,
>>for men and women who humble themselves,
>>for men and women who give in charity,
>>for men and women who fast (and deny themselves),
>>for men and women who guard their chastity,
>>and for men and women who engage much in God's praise --
>>For them has God prepared forgiveness and a great reward."
>>
>>[Qur'an 33:35, Abdullah Yusuf Ali's translation]
>>
>>There are other quotes too, but I think the above quote shows that men
>>and women are spiritual equals (and thus, that women have souls just as
>>men do) very clearly.
>>
> 
>No, it does not. It implies that they have souls, but it does not say they
>have souls. And it is not given that the quote above is given a high
>priority in all interpretations.

One must approach the Qur'an with intelligence.  Any thinking approach
to the Qur'an cannot but interpret the above verse and others like it
that women and men are spiritual equals.

I think that the above verse does clearly imply that women have
souls.  Does it make any sense for something without a soul to be
forgiven?  Or to have a great reward (understood to be in the
after-life)?  I think the usual answer would be no -- in which case, the
part saying "For them has God prepared forgiveness and a great reward"
says they have souls.  

(If it makes sense to say that things without souls can be forgiven, then 
I have no idea _what_ a soul is.)

As for your saying that the quote above may not be given a high priority
in all interpretations, any thinking approach to the Qur'an has to give
all verses of the Qur'an equal priority.  That is because, according to
Muslim belief, the _whole_ Qur'an is the revelation of God -- in fact,
denying the truth of any part of the Qur'an is sufficient to be
considered a disbeliever in Islam.

>Quite similar to you other post, even when the Quran does not encourage
>slavery, it is not justified to say that iit forbids or puts an end to
>slavery. It is a non sequitur.

Look, any approach to the Qur'an must be done with intelligence and
thought.  It is in this fashion that one can try to understand the
Quran's message.  In a book of finite length, it cannot explicitly
answer every question you want to put to it, but through its teachings
it can guide you.  I think, however, that women are the spiritual equals
of men is clearly and unambiguously implied in the above verse, and that
since women can clearly be "forgiven" and "rewarded" they _must_ have
souls (from the above verse).

Let's try to understand what the Qur'an is trying to teach, rather than
try to see how many ways it can be misinterpreted by ignoring this
passage or that passage.  The misinterpretations of the Qur'an based on
ignoring this verse or that verse are infinite, but the interpretations 
fully consistent are more limited.  Let's try to discuss these
interpretations consistent with the text rather than how people can
ignore this bit or that bit, for that is just showing how people can try
to twist Islam for their own ends -- something I do not deny -- but
provides no reflection on the true teachings of Islam whatsoever.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51319
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Slavery (was Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage:...)

In <1993Apr4.200253.21409@ennews.eas.asu.edu> guncer@enuxha.eas.asu.edu (Selim Guncer ) writes:

>You might not like what Bernard Lewis writes about, label him
>as a Zionist or such to discredit him etc. 

You misrepresent me, Selim.  The hard evidence for my statements about
his lack of objectivity are presented quite clearly in the book
"Orientalism" by Edward Said.  Edward Said, by the way, is a Christian,
not a Muslim.

>I think he is
>pretty much objective in his treatment in "Race and Slavery in
>the Middle East", since he clearly distinguishes between
>slavery under Islam, and the practice of slavery in other countries,
>like the US prior to the civil war. He also does not conceal
>that there are verses in the Quran which promote the liberation
>of slaves. What he doesn't, and I don't think nobody can,
>deduce from these verses is that slavery will eventually be
>abolished in Islamic countries. Now you might, rather conveniently,
>blame the practice of slavery on Muslims, but the facts are out
>there. I also fail to see the relevance of the claim of Lewis being
>a "Zionist" to what I wrote. 

Regarding Bernard Lewis:

Him being a Zionist gives him a political motive for his
giving misrepresentations and half-truths about Islam.

Read "Orientalism" by Edward Said -- see the evidence for yourself.

In fact, I may post some of it here (if it isn't too long).

>They were encyclopaedic information
>which anybody can access - that slavery was abolished at certain
>dates some 1200 years after Muhammed, that this was the cause
>of tensions in the Ottoman empire between the Arab slave traders
>and the government etc.. We also have in the ASU library volumes
>of British documents on slavery where reports and documents
>concerning slavery all around the world can be found, which I
>checked some of the incidents Lewis mentions. So I don't think
>ones political stance has anything to do with documentary evidence.

I haven't read Lewis's article, so I can't comment directly upon it, and
have only spoken about his writings _in general_ so far, that his
political motives make him a biased writer on Islam.  His anti-Islamic
polemics, as I understand it, are often quite subtle and are often based
on telling half-truths.

Again, read "Orientalism" by Edward Said.  I am _not_ asking you to take
what I say on trust, in fact I am urging you not to do so but to get
this book (it is a well-known book) and check the evidence out for
_yourself_.

>The issue I raised was that slaves WERE USED FOR SEXUAL PURPOSES,
>when it was claimed that Islam prohibits extra-marital sex.
>I wrote that the Prophet himself had concubines, I wrote an
>incident in which the prophet advised on someone who did not
>want his concubine to get pregnant etc., which is contrary
>to the notion that "sex is for procreation only". In other
>words, such claims are baseless in the Quran and the Hadith.

If slavery is _in reality_ (as opposed to in the practice of some
Muslims) opposed by Islam, then using slaves for sexual
purposes is necessarily opposed too.

>I seem to be unsuccesful in getting through to you. Islam is
>not "advocating" slavery. Slavery was an existing institution in the 
>7th century. It advised on slaves being freed for good
>deeds etc., which is nothing new. Many cultures saw this as a
>good thing. What is the problem here? But I can argue rightfully
>that slaves were discouraged about thinking about their statuses
>politically - the Quran rewards the good slave, so obey your
>master and perhaps one day you'll be free.  But, it is very
>understandable that I do not communicate with Muslims, since
>they assume the Quran is from a "God", and I think it is a rule-based
>system imposed on the society for preservation of the status quo.
>Slaves are a part of this system, the subordination of women
>so that their function in society boils down to child-making
>is a part of this system, etc. 

I understand your point of view, Selim -- I think, rather, it is _us_
who are not getting through to _you_.

Some of the points you repeat above I have already answered before.

Regarding women, I have made posting after posting on this subject,
showing that Islam is not anti-woman, etc.  However, have you been
completely ignoring my postings or just missing them?  I just reposted a
very good one, under the title "Islam and Women", reposted from
soc.religion.islam.  If this has already disappeared from your site,
then please email me telling me so and I will email you a copy of this
excellent article.  

IMHO, your understanding of the issue of women in Islam is sadly deficient.

Regarding slaves, _my_ posting on slavery -- the second one I made,
which is a repost of an article I wrote early last year -- is based
completely on the Qur'an and contains numerous Qur'anic verses and
hadiths to support its point of view.

Our approaches are different -- you are arguing from a historical
standpoint and I am arguing directly from the teachings of the Qur'an
and hadiths.  Now, just because people say they are Muslims and perform
a particular action, does that automatically mean that their action is
part of Islam, even if it is opposed by the Qur'an and Sunnah?  No!  Of
course not.

Let me give you a concrete example, which might help clarify this for
you.  The Qur'an prohibits drinking.  Now, if a person says "I am a
Muslim" and then proceeds to drink a bottle of beer, does this now mean
that Islam teaches that people should drink beer?  Of course not, and
only an idiot would think so.

Do you see my point?

>It is very natural to think that
>the author/authors of the Quran had no idea that the socio-economic
>structure they were advocating would experience at least two paradigm
>shifts in 1400 years in the western cultures - first with the end of 
>the feudal era and the rise of commerce, second with the industrial 
>revolution.  Well, rules have changed and the status quo has driven 
>Muslim countries into misery trying to survive in a "heathen" world. 
>Muslim countries have failed economically, they were unable to 
>accumulate any wealth - directly due to the uncomprimising economic
>rules in the Quran. In fact, the rise of Islam can easily be modeled
>after the pyramid effect - you do not produce any wealth at home,
>but increase your wealth by conquering places.  

You are judging Islam here on capitalist terms.  Capitalism is an
ideology based largely on the assumption that people want to maximise
their wealth -- this assumption is in opposition to Islamic teachings.
To say Islam is bad because it is not capitalist is pretty unthinking --
Islam does not pretend to be capitalist and does not try to be
capitalist.  (This does not mean that Islam does not support a
free-market -- for it does in general -- but there are other parts of 
capitalism which are opposed to Islam as I understand it.)

>When this stopped,
>you (and I) were left bare in the open for emperialists to devour.
>No capital, no industry, very poor social services - the education
>level in Muslim countries are the lowest in the world, the health
>statistics are miserable etc.. 

One can postulate numerous reasons for this.  Your theory is that it is
because Islam is not secularist and capitalist, etc. etc.

Selim, I will give you a clear historical example to show you the
fallacy of your views if you think (as you obviously do) that
Islam => lack of education and power.

For a large part of history, the Islamic world was very powerful.  For a
significant section of history, the Islamic world was the foremost in
the sciences.  So to say that Islam is, for example, anti-education is
completely absurd.  You try to blame this situation on Islam -- history
shows that your conclusion is false and that, instead, there must be
other reasons for this situation.

>You blame Muslims for not following the Quran, but I blame Muslims 
>for following the Quran. 

Well, Selim, your viewpoint on women in Islam makes me question the extent
of your knowledge of Islam.  I really think you are not
knowledgeable enough to be able to judge whether the Muslims are
following the Qur'an or not.

>Your idea is baseless from historical
>facts, it is a poor utopia, 

The Islamic world was at the forefront of the world in science at one
stage -- yet somehow, in your theory, it is by "following the Qur'an"
that Muslims are backwards in education.  Selim, it is _your_ thesis
that is anti-historical, for you conveniently overlook this historical
fact which contradicts your theory. 

>while my ideas are derived from social
>and economic history. 

You have certainly not shown this; you have merely stated it.
So far, it seems to me that your view on Islam being anti-education is
quite contrary to history.  That you are so convinced of your views
makes me wonder just how objectively you are trying to look at all of
this.

>My solution to all Muslims is simple:
>CUT THE CRAP, 

I think, Selim, you should consider taking your own advice.

>GET THE FACTS STRAIGHT 

Here too.

>AND WORK HARD TO REVERSE
>THE EFFECTS OF 1300 YEARS OF IGNORANCE.

Selim, you have such conviction of your viewpoint, yet you demonstrate
ignorance, not only of Islam but also of Islamic history (particularly
with respect to Muslims being leaders of science till about 1400 or so I
think).  Yet you say that your viewpoint is based on history!

Selim, if I remember right, you say in one of your earlier posts that
you are an apostate from Islam.  I think you should slow down and start
thinking clearly about the issues, and start _reading_ some of our
postings about Islam rather than ignoring them as you so obviously
have.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 51320
From: dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham)
Subject: Re: Jews can't hide from keith@cco.

In article <1pqdor$9s2@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>In article <1993Apr3.071823.13253@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
>The poster casually trashed two thousand years of Jewish history, and 
>Ken replied that there had previously been people like him in Germany.

I think the problem here is that I pretty much ignored the part
about the Jews sightseeing for 2000 years, thinking instead that
the important part of what the original poster said was the bit
about killing Palestinians.  In retrospect, I can see how the
sightseeing thing would be offensive to many.  I originally saw
it just as poetic license, but it's understandable that others
might see it differently.  I still think that Ken came on a bit
strong though.  I also think that your advice to Masud Khan:

  #Before you argue with someone like Mr Arromdee, it's a good idea to
  #do a little homework, or at least think.

was unnecessary.

>That's right.   There have been.    There have also been people who
>were formally Nazis.   But the Nazi party would have gone nowhere
>without the active and tacit support of the ordinary man in the
>street who behaved as though casual anti-semitism was perfectly
>acceptable.
>
>Now what exactly don't you understand about what I wrote, and why
>don't you see what it has to do with the matter at hand?

Throughout all your articles in this thread there is the tacit
assumption that the original poster was exhibiting casual
anti-semitism.  If I agreed with that, then maybe your speech
on why this is bad might have been relevant.  But I think you're
reading a lot into one flip sentence.  While probably not
true in this case, too often the charge of anti-semitism gets
thrown around in order to stifle legitimate criticism of the
state of Israel.

Anyway, I'd rather be somewhere else, so I'm outta this thread.
--
Doug Graham         dgraham@bnr.ca         My opinions are my own.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 52499
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Frequently Asked Questions

Archive-name: atheism/faq
Alt-atheism-archive-name: faq
Last-modified: 5 April 1993
Version: 1.1

                    Alt.Atheism Frequently-Asked Questions

This file contains responses to articles which occur repeatedly in
alt.atheism.  Points covered here are ones which are not covered in the
"Introduction to Atheism"; you are advised to read that article as well
before posting.

These answers are not intended to be exhaustive or definitive. The purpose of
the periodic FAQ postings is not to stifle debate, but to raise its level. If
you have something to say concerning one of these questions and which isn't
covered by the answer given, please feel free to make your point.

Overview of contents:

   "What is the purpose of this newsgroup?"
   "Hitler was an atheist!"
   "The Bible proves it"
   "Pascal's Wager"
   "What is Occam's Razor?"
   "Why it's good to believe in Jesus"
   "Why I know that God exists"
   "Einstein and "God does not play dice""
   "Everyone worships something"
   "Why there must be a causeless cause"
   "The universe is so complex it must have been designed"
   "Independent evidence that the Bible is true"
   "Godel's Incompleteness Theorem"
   "George Bush on atheism and patriotism"
   "I know where hell is!"
   "Biblical contradictions wanted"
   "The USA is a Christian nation"
   "The USA is not a Christian nation"

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Subject: What is the purpose of this newsgroup?

Typical posting:

Why have a newsgroup about atheism?  Why do atheists organize in groups?  
What is there to discuss?

Response:

Many things are discussed here, including:

* Whether it is reasonable to feign theism in order to avoid upsetting one's
  family
* Prayer in schools
* Discrimination against atheists
* Sunday trading laws
* The Satanic Child Abuse myth
* Whether one should be an overt atheist or 'stay in the closet'
* How religious societies prey (sic) on new college students
* How to get rid of unwanted proselytizers
* Whether religion is a danger to society and/or the individual
* Why people become atheists

Of course, inevitably alt.atheism tends to attract evangelical Christians
looking for someone to convert.  Most readers of the newsgroup don't 
want to be preached to, although a few seem to derive perverse pleasure 
from tearing apart particularly ill-considered or uninformed postings.

------------------------------

Subject: Hitler was an atheist!

Typical posting:

Hitler was an atheist, and look at what he did!

Response:

Adolf Hitler was emphatically not an atheist.  As he said himself:

   The folkish-minded man, in particular, has the sacred duty, each in
   his own denomination, of making _people_stop_just_talking_
   superficially_of_God's_will,_and_actually_fulfill_God's_will,_and_
   not_let_God's_word_be_desecrated._[orig. ital.]

   For God's will gave men their form, their essence, and their
   abilities.  Anyone who destroys His work is declaring war on the
   Lord's creation, the divine will.  Therefore, let every man be
   active, each in his own denomination if you please, and let every
   man take it as his first and most sacred duty to oppose anyone who
   in his activity by word or deed steps outside the confines of his
   religious community and tries to butt into the other.

   [...]

   Hence today I believe that I am acting in accordance with the will
   of the Almighty Creator: _by_defending_myself_against_the_Jew,_I_am_
   fighting_for_the_work_of_the_Lord._[orig. ital.]

          -- Adolf Hitler, from "Mein Kampf", trans. Ralph Mannheim.

Of course, someone bad believing something does not make that belief
wrong.  It's also entirely possible that Hitler was lying when he claimed 
to believe in God.  We certainly can't conclude that he's an atheist, 
though.

------------------------------

Subject: The Bible proves it

Typical posting:

In the Bible it says that...

Response:

Most of the readers of alt.atheism feel that the Bible is of questionable
accuracy, as it was written thousands of years ago by many authors who were
recording oral tradition that existed many years before.  Thus, any claimed
'truth' in it is of questionable legitimacy.  This isn't to say that The
Bible has no truth in it; simply that any truth must be examined before being
accepted.

Many of the readers of this group also feel that because any passage is
subject to "interpretation", any claim that a passage 'means' one thing and
one thing only is not legitimate.

Note that this feeling tends to extend to other books.

It is also remarkable to many atheists that theists tend to ignore other
equally plausible religious books in favour of those of their own religion.

------------------------------

Subject: Pascal's Wager

Typical posting:

If you believe in God and turn out to be incorrect, you have lost nothing --
but if you don't believe in God and turn out to be incorrect, you will go to
hell. Therefore it is foolish to be an atheist.

Response:

This argument is known as Pascal's Wager.  It has several flaws.

Firstly, it does not indicate which religion to follow.  Indeed, there are
many mutually exclusive and contradictory religions out there.  This is often
described as the "avoiding the wrong hell" problem.  If a person is a
follower of religion X, he may end up in religion Y's version of hell.

Secondly, the statement that "If you believe in God and turn out to be
incorrect, you have lost nothing" is not true.  Suppose you're believing in
the wrong God -- the true God might punish you for your foolishness.
Consider also the deaths that have resulted from people rejecting medicine in
favour of prayer.

Another flaw in the argument is that it is based on the assumption that 
the two possibilities are equally likely -- or at least, that they are of 
comparable likelihood.  If, in fact, the possibility of there being a God 
is close to zero, the argument becomes much less persuasive.  So sadly the
argument is only likely to convince those who believe already.

Also, many feel that for intellectually honest people, belief is based on 
evidence, with some amount of intuition.  It is not a matter of will or 
cost-benefit analysis.

Formally speaking, the argument consists of four statements:

  1. One does not know whether God exists.
  2. Not believing in God is bad for one's eternal soul if God does
     exist.
  3. Believing in God is of no consequence if God does not exist.
  4. Therefore it is in one's interest to believe in God.

There are two approaches to the argument.  The first is to view 1 as an
assumption, and 2 as a consequence of it.  One problem with this approach, in
the abstract, is that it creates information from no information.  This is
considered invalid in information theory.  Statement 1 indicates one has no
information about God -- but statement 2 indicates that beneficial information
can be gained from the absolute lack of information about God.  This violates
information entropy -- information has been extracted from no information, at
no "cost".

The alternative approach is to claim that 1 and 2 are both assumptions.  The
problem with this is that 2 is then basically an assumption which states the
Christian position, and only a Christian will agree with that assumption. The
argument thus collapses to "If you are a Christian, it is in your interests
to believe in God" -- a rather vacuous tautology, and not the way Pascal
intended the argument to be viewed.

The biggest reason why Pascal's wager is a failure is that if God is
omniscient he will certainly know who really believes and who believes as
a wager.  He will spurn the latter... assuming he actually cares at all
whether people believe in him.

------------------------------

Subject: What is Occam's Razor?

Typical posting:

People keep talking about Occam's Razor.  What is it?

Response:

William of Occam formulated a principle which has become known as Occam's 
Razor.  In its original form, it said "Do not multiply entities 
unnecessarily."  That is, if you can explain something without supposing
the existence of some entity, then do so.

Nowadays when people refer to Occam's Razor, they generally express it 
more generally, for example as "Take the simplest solution".

The relevance to atheism is that we can look at two possible explanations 
for what we see around us:

1. There is an incredibly intricate and complex universe out there, which
came into being as a result of natural processes.

2. There is an incredibly intricate and complex universe out there, and 
there is also a God who created the universe.  Clearly this God must be 
of non-zero complexity.

Given that both explanations fit the facts, Occam's Razor might suggest 
that we should take the simpler of the two -- solution number one.
Unfortunately, some argue that there is a third even more simple solution:

3. There isn't an incredibly intricate and complex universe out there.  
We just imagine that there is.

This third option leads us logically towards solipsism, which many people 
find unacceptable.
 
------------------------------

Subject: Why it's good to believe in Jesus

Typical posting:

I want to tell people about the virtues and benefits of my religion.

Response:

Preaching is not appreciated.

Feel free to talk about your religion, but please do not write postings that
are on a "conversion" theme.  Such postings do not belong on alt.atheism and
will be rejected from alt.atheism.moderated (try the newsgroup
talk.religion.misc).

You would doubtless not welcome postings from atheists to your favourite
newsgroup in an attempt to convert you; please do unto others as you would
have them do unto you!

Often theists make their basic claims about God in the form of lengthy
analogies or parables.  Be aware that atheists have heard of God and know the
basic claims about him; if the sole purpose of your parable is to tell
atheists that God exists and brings salvation, you may as well not post it,
since it tells us nothing we have not been told before.

------------------------------

Subject: Why I know that God exists

Typical posting:

I *know* from personal experience and prayer that God exists.

Response:

Just as many theists have personal evidence that the being they worship
exists, so many atheists have personal evidence that such beings do not
exist.  That evidence varies from person to person.

Furthermore, without wishing to dismiss your evidence out of hand, many
people have claimed all kinds of unlikely things -- that they have been
abducted by UFOs, visited by the ghost of Elvis, and so on.

------------------------------

Subject: Einstein and "God does not play dice"

Typical posting:

Albert Einstein believed in God.  Do you think you're cleverer than him?

Response:

Einstein did once comment that "God does not play dice [with the universe]". 
This quotation is commonly mentioned to show that Einstein believed in the
Christian God.  Used this way, it is out of context; it refers to Einstein's
refusal to accept the uncertainties indicated by quantum theory. Furthermore,
Einstein's religious background was Jewish rather than Christian.

A better quotation showing what Einstein thought about God is the following:
"I believe in Spinoza's God who reveals himself in the orderly harmony of
what exists, not in a God who concerns himself with fates and actions of
human beings."

Einstein was unable to accept Quantum Theory because of his belief in an
objective, orderly reality; a reality which would not be subject to random
events and which would not be dependent upon the observer.  He believed that
QM was incomplete, and that a better theory would have no need for
statistical interpretations.  So far no such better theory has been found,
and much evidence suggests that it never will be.

A longer quote from Einstein appears in "Science, Philosophy, and Religion, A
Symposium", published by the Conference on Science, Philosophy and Religion
in Their Relation to the Democratic Way of Life, Inc., New York, 1941.  In
it he says:

  "The more a man is imbued with the ordered regularity of all events
   the firmer becomes his conviction that there is no room left by the side
   of this ordered regularity for causes of a different nature.  For him
   neither the rule of human nor the rule of divine will exists as an
   independent cause of natural events.  To be sure, the doctrine of a
   personal God interfering with natural events could never be
   *refuted* [italics his], in the real sense, by science, for this
   doctrine can always take refuge in those domains in which scientific
   knowledge has not yet been able to set foot.

   But I am convinced that such behavior on the part of representatives
   of religion would not only be unworthy but also fatal.  For a doctrine
   which is to maintain itself not in clear light but only in the dark,
   will of necessity lose its effect on mankind, with incalculable harm
   to human progress.  In their struggle for the ethical good, teachers
   of religion must have the stature to give up the doctrine of a personal
   God, that is, give up that source of fear and hope which in the past
   placed such vast power in the hands of priests.  In their labors they
   will have to avail themselves of those forces which are capable
   of cultivating the Good, the True, and the Beautiful in humanity
   itself.  This is, to be sure, a more difficult but an incomparably
   more worthy task..."

Einstein has also said:

  "It was, of course, a lie what you read about my religous convictions,
   a lie which is being systematically repeated.  I do not believe in a
   personal God and I have never denied this but have expressed it clearly.
   If something is in me which can be called religious then it is the
   unbounded admiration for the structure of the world so far as our
   science can reveal it."

The latter quote is from "Albert Einstein: The Human Side", edited by Helen 
Dukas and Banesh Hoffman, and published by Princeton University Press.  
Also from the same book:

  "I do not believe in immortality of the individual, and I consider ethics
   to be an exclusively human concern with no superhuman authority behind 
   it."

Of course, the fact that Einstein chose not to believe in Christianity does 
not in itself imply that Christianity is false.

------------------------------

Subject: Everyone worships something

Typical posting:

Everyone worships something, whether it's money, power or God.

Response:

If that is true, everyone is a polytheist.  Theists care just as much about
those things that atheists care about.  If the atheists' reactions to (for
example) their families amount to worship then so do the theists'.

------------------------------

Subject: Why there must be a causeless cause

Typical posting:

Sets of integers that have a lower bound each have a smallest member, so
chains of causes must all have a first element, a causeless cause.

Response:

The set of real numbers greater than zero has a definite lower bound, but has
no smallest member.

Further, even if it is true that there must be a causeless cause, that does
not imply that that cause must be a conscious supernatural entity, and
especially not that any such entity must match the description favoured by
any particular religion.

------------------------------

Subject: The universe is so complex it must have been designed

Typical posting:

The presence of design in the universe proves there is a God.  Surely you
don't think all this appeared here just by chance?

Response:

This is known as the Argument From Design.

It is a matter of dispute whether there is any element of design in the
universe. Those who believe that the complexity and diversity of living
creatures on the earth is evidence of a creator are best advised to read the
newsgroup talk.origins for a while.

There is insufficient space to summarize both sides of that debate here.
However, the conclusion is that there is no scientific evidence in favour of
so-called Scientific Creationism. Furthermore, there is much evidence,
observation and theory that can explain many of the complexities of the
universe and life on earth.

The origin of the Argument by Design is a feeling that the existence of
something as incredibly intricate as, say, a human is so improbable that
surely it can't have come about by chance; that surely there must be some 
external intelligence directing things so that humans come from the chaos
deliberately.

But if human intelligence is so improbable, surely the existence of a mind
capable of fashioning an entire universe complete with conscious beings must
be immeasurably more unlikely?  The approach used to argue in favour of the
existence of a creator can be turned around and applied to the Creationist
position.

This leads us to the familiar theme of "If a creator created the universe,
what created the creator?", but with the addition of spiralling 
improbability.  The only way out is to declare that the creator was not
created and just "is" (or "was").

From here we might as well ask what is wrong with saying that the universe
just "is" without introducing a creator?  Indeed Stephen Hawking, in his book
"A Brief History of Time", explains his theory that the universe is closed
and finite in extent, with no beginning or end.

The Argument From Design is often stated by analogy, in the so-called 
Watchmaker Argument.  One is asked to imagine that one has found a watch on
the beach.  Does one assume that it was created by a watchmaker, or that it
evolved naturally?  Of course one assumes a watchmaker.  Yet like the 
watch, the universe is intricate and complex; so, the argument goes, the 
universe too must have a creator.

The Watchmaker analogy suffers from three particular flaws, over and above 
those common to all Arguments By Design.  Firstly, a watchmaker creates 
watches from pre-existing materials, whereas God is claimed to have 
created the universe from nothing.  These two sorts of creation are 
clearly fundamentally different, and the analogy is therefore rather weak.

Secondly, a watchmaker makes watches, but there are many other things in 
the world.  If we walked further along the beach and found a nuclear 
reactor, we wouldn't assume it was created by the watchmaker.  The argument 
would therefore suggest a multitude of creators, each responsible for a 
different part of creation.

Finally, in the first part of the watchmaker argument we conclude that 
the watch is not part of nature because it is ordered, and therefore 
stands out from the randomness of nature.  Yet in the second part of the 
argument, we start from the position that the universe is obviously not 
random, but shows elements of order.  The Watchmaker argument is thus 
internally inconsistent.

------------------------------

Subject: Independent evidence that the Bible is true

Typical posting:

The events of the New Testament are confirmed by independent documentary
evidence.  For example...

Response:

The writings of Josephus are often mentioned as independent documentary
evidence.

Early versions of Josephus's work are thought not to have mentioned Jesus or
James; the extant version discusses John in a non-Christian context.  Many
scholars believe that the original mentioned Jesus and James in passing, but
that this was expanded by Christian copyists.  Several "reconstructions" of
the original text have been published to this effect.

Much information appears in the Ecclesiastical History of Eusebius (about 320
C.E.).  It is worthless as historical material because of the deliberate
falsification of the wily Eusebius who is generally acknowledged as 'the
first thoroughly dishonest historian of antiquity.' It is Eusebius who is
generally given the title of authorship for this material.

Aside from the New Testament, the biographical information about Jesus is
more well-documented.  For further information, please consult the Frequently
Asked Questions file for the newsgroup soc.religion.christian.

------------------------------

Subject: Godel's Incompleteness Theorem

Typical posting:

Godel's Incompleteness Theorem demonstrates that it is impossible for the
Bible to be both true and complete.

Response:

Godel's First Incompleteness Theorem says that in any consistent formal 
system which is sufficiently expressive that it can model ordinary 
arithmetic, one can formulate expressions which can never be proven to be 
valid or invalid ('true' or 'false') within that formal system.  (Technically
speaking, the system must also be recursive; that is, there must be a decision
procedure for determining whether a given string is an axiom within the formal 
system.)

Essentially, all such systems can formulate what is known as a "Liar 
Paradox."  The classic Liar Paradox sentence in ordinary English is "This 
sentence is false."  Note that if a proposition is undecidable, the formal 
system cannot even deduce that it is undecidable.

The logic used in theological discussions is rarely well defined, so claims
that Godel's Incompleteness Theorem demonstrates that it is impossible to
prove or disprove) the existence of God are worthless in isolation.

One can trivially define a formal system in which it is possible to prove the
existence of God, simply by having the existence of God stated as an axiom. 
This is unlikely to be viewed by atheists as a convincing proof, however.

It may be possible to succeed in producing a formal system built on axioms
that both atheists and theists agree with.  It may then be possible to show
that Godel's Incompleteness Theorem holds for that system.  However, that
would still not demonstrate that it is impossible to prove that God exists
within the system.  Furthermore, it certainly wouldn't tell us anything about
whether it is possible to prove the existence of God generally.

Note also that all of these hypothetical formal systems tell us nothing about
the actual existence of God; the formal systems are just abstractions.

Another frequent claim is that Godel's Incompleteness Theorem demonstrates
that a religious text (the Bible, the Book of Mormon or whatever) cannot be
both consistent and universally applicable. Religious texts are not formal
systems, so such claims are nonsense.

------------------------------

Subject: George Bush on atheism and patriotism

Typical posting:

Did George Bush really say that atheists should not be considered citizens?

Response:

The following exchange took place at the Chicago airport between Robert I.
Sherman of American Atheist Press and George Bush, on August 27 1988. Sherman
is a fully accredited reporter, and was present by invitation as a member of
the press corps.  The Republican presidential nominee was there to announce
federal disaster relief for Illinois.  The discussion turned to the
presidential primary:

 RS: "What will you do to win the votes of Americans who are atheists?"

 GB: "I guess I'm pretty weak in the atheist community.  Faith in
      God is important to me."

 RS: "Surely you recognize the equal citizenship and patriotism of
      Americans who are atheists?"

 GB: "No, I don't know that atheists should be considered as citizens,
      nor should they be considered patriots.  This is one nation under
      God."

 RS: "Do you support as a sound constitutional principle the separation
      of state and church?"

 GB: "Yes, I support the separation of church and state.  I'm just not
      very high on atheists."

UPI reported on May 8, 1989, that various atheist organizations were
still angry over the remarks.

The exchange appeared in the Boulder Daily Camera on Monday February 27,
1989.  It can also be found in "Free Enquiry" magazine, Fall 1988 issue,
Volume 8, Number 4, page 16.

On October 29, 1988, Mr. Sherman had a confrontation with Ed Murnane,
cochairman of the Bush-Quayle '88 Illinois campaign.  This concerned a
lawsuit Mr. Sherman had filed to stop the Community Consolidated School
District 21 (Chicago, Illinois) from forcing his first-grade Atheist son to
pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States as "one nation under God"
(Bush's phrase).  The following conversation took place:
 
 RS: "American Atheists filed the Pledge of Allegiance lawsuit yesterday.
      Does the Bush campaign have an official response to this filing?"
 
 EM: "It's bullshit."
 
 RS: "What is bullshit?"
 
 EM: "Everything that American Atheists does, Rob, is bullshit."
 
 RS: "Thank you for telling me what the official position of the Bush
      campaign is on this issue."

 EM: "You're welcome."

After Bush's election, American Atheists wrote to Bush asking him to retract
his statement.  On February 21st 1989, C. Boyden Gray, Counsel to the
President, replied on White House stationery that Bush substantively stood by
his original statement, and wrote:

  "As you are aware, the President is a religious man who neither supports
   atheism nor believes that atheism should be unnecessarily encouraged or
   supported by the government."

For further information, contact American Atheist Veterans at the American
Atheist Press's Cameron Road address.

------------------------------

Subject: I know where hell is!

Typical posting:

I know where Hell is!  Hell is in Norway!

Response:

There are several towns called "Hell" in various countries around the
world, including Norway and the USA.  Whilst this information is mildly
amusing the first time one hears it, readers of alt.atheism are now 
getting pretty fed up with hearing it every week.

------------------------------

Subject: Biblical contradictions wanted

Typical posting:

Does anyone have a list of Biblical contradictions?

Response:
 
American Atheist Press publish an atheist's handbook detailing Biblical
contradictions. See the accompanying posting on Atheist Resources for
details.

There is a file containing some Biblical contradictions available from the
archive-server@mantis.co.uk. See the contacts file for more information.

------------------------------

Subject: The USA is a Christian nation

Typical posting:

Because of the religious beliefs of the founding fathers, shouldn't the
United States be considered a Christian nation?

Response:

Based upon the writings of several important founding fathers, it is clear
that they never intended the US to be a Christian nation.  Here are some
quotes; there are many more.

  "What influence, in fact, have ecclesiastical establishments had on society?
   In some instances they have been seen to erect a spiritual tyranny on the
   ruins of the civil authority; on many instances they have been seen
   upholding the thrones of political tyranny; in no instance have they been
   the guardians of the liberties of the people.  Rulers who wish to subvert
   the public liberty may have found an established clergy convenient
   auxiliaries. A just government, instituted to secure and perpetuate it,
   needs them not."
      - James Madison, "A Memorial and Remonstrance", 1785

  "I almost shudder at the thought of alluding to the most fatal example of
   the abuses of grief which the history of mankind has preserved--the Cross.
   Consider what calamities that engine of grief has produced!"
      - John Adams, in a letter to Thomas Jefferson

  "History I believe furnishes no example of a priest-ridden people
   maintaining a free civil government.  This marks the lowest grade of
   ignorance, of which their political as well as religious leaders will
   always avail themselves for their own purpose."

      - Thomas Jefferson to Baron von Humboldt, 1813

  "I cannot conceive otherwise than that He, the Infinite Father, expects or
   requires no worship or praise from us, but that He is even infinitely
   above it."

      - Benjamin Franklin, from "Articles of Belief and Acts of Religion",
        Nov. 20, 1728

------------------------------

Subject: The USA is not a Christian nation

Typical posting:

Is it true that George Washington said that the United States is not in any
sense founded upon the Christian religion?

Response:

No.  The quotation often given is in fact from Article XI of the 1797 Treaty
of Tripoli (8 Stat 154, Treaty Series 358):

   Article 11

   As the government of the United States of America is not in any sense
   founded on the Christian Religion, -- as it has in itself no character of
   enmity against the laws, religion or tranquility of Musselmen, -- and as
   the said States never have entered into any war or act of hostility
   against any Mehomitan nation, it is declared by the parties that no
   pretext arising from religious opinions shall ever produce an interruption
   of the harmony existing between the two countries.

The text may be found in the Congressional Record or in treaty collections
such as Charles Bevans' "Treaties and Other International Agreements of the
United States of America 1776-1949", vol. 11 (pp. 1070-1080).

The English text of the Treaty of Tripoli was approved by the U.S. Senate on
June 7, 1797 and ratified by President John Adams on June 10, 1797.  It was
recently discovered that the Arabic version of the treaty not only lacks the
quotation, it lacks Article XI altogether.

The person who translated the Arabic to English was Joel Barlow, Consul
General at Algiers, a close friend of Thomas Paine -- and an opponent of
Christianity.  It is possible that Barlow made up Article XI, but since there
is no Arabic version of that article to be found, it's hard to say.

In 1806 a new Treaty of Tripoli was ratified which no longer contained the
quotation.


End of FAQ Digest
*****************
�

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 52909
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Constructing a Logical Argument

Archive-name: atheism/logic
Alt-atheism-archive-name: logic
Last-modified: 5 April 1993
Version: 1.4

                       Constructing a Logical Argument

Although there is much argument on Usenet, the general quality of argument
found is poor.  This article attempts to provide a gentle introduction to
logic, in the hope of improving the general level of debate.

Logic is the science of reasoning, proof, thinking, or inference [Concise
OED].  Logic allows us to analyze a piece of reasoning and determine whether
it is correct or not (valid or invalid).  Of course, one does not need to
study logic in order to reason correctly; nevertheless, a little basic
knowledge of logic is often helpful when constructing or analyzing an
argument.

Note that no claim is being made here about whether logic is universally
applicable.  The matter is very much open for debate.  This document merely
explains how to use logic, given that you have already decided that logic is
the right tool for the job.

Propositions (or statements) are the building blocks of a logical argument. A
proposition is a statement which is either true or false; for example, "It is
raining" or "Today is Tuesday".  Propositions may be either asserted (said to
be true) or denied (said to be false).  Note that this is a technical meaning
of "deny", not the everyday meaning.

The proposition is the meaning of the statement, not the particular
arrangement of words used to express it.  So "God exists" and "There exists a
God" both express the same proposition.

An argument is, to quote the Monty Python sketch, "a connected series of
statements to establish a definite proposition".  An argument consists of
three stages.

First of all, the propositions which are necessary for the argument to
continue are stated.  These are called the premises of the argument.  They
are the evidence or reasons for accepting the argument and its conclusions. 

Premises (or assertions) are often indicated by phrases such as "because",
"since", "obviously" and so on.  (The phrase "obviously" is often viewed with
suspicion, as it can be used to intimidate others into accepting suspicious
premises.  If something doesn't seem obvious to you, don't be afraid to
question it.  You can always say "Oh, yes, you're right, it is obvious" when
you've heard the explanation.)

Next, the premises are used to derive further propositions by a process known
as inference.  In inference, one proposition is arrived at on the basis of
one or more other propositions already accepted.  There are various forms of
valid inference.

The propositions arrived at by inference may then be used in further
inference.  Inference is often denoted by phrases such as "implies that" or
"therefore".

Finally, we arrive at the conclusion of the argument -- the proposition which
is affirmed on the basis of the premises and inference.  Conclusions are often
indicated by phrases such as "therefore", "it follows that", "we conclude"
and so on.  The conclusion is often stated as the final stage of inference.

For example:

Every event has a cause (premise)
The universe has a beginning (premise)
All beginnings involve an event (premise)
This implies that the beginning of the universe involved an event (inference)
Therefore the universe has a cause (inference and conclusion)

Note that the conclusion of one argument might be a premise in another
argument.  A proposition can only be called a premise or a conclusion with
respect to a particular argument; the terms do not make sense in isolation.

Sometimes an argument will not follow the order given above; for example,
the conclusions might be stated first and the premises stated 
afterwards in support of the conclusion.  This is perfectly valid, if 
sometimes a little confusing.

Recognizing an argument is much harder than recognizing premises or
conclusions.  Many people shower their writing with assertions without ever
producing anything which one might reasonably describe as an argument.  Some
statements look like arguments, but are not.  For example:

"If the Bible is accurate, Jesus must either have been insane, an evil liar,
 or the Son of God."

This is not an argument, it is a conditional statement.  It does not assert
the premises which are necessary to support what appears to be its 
conclusion.  (It also suffers from a number of other logical flaws, but we'll
come to those later.)

Another example:

"God created you; therefore do your duty to God."

The phrase "do your duty to God" is not a proposition, since it is neither
true nor false.  Therefore it is not a conclusion, and the sentence is not an
argument.

Finally, causality is important.  Consider a statement of the form "A because
B".  If we're interested in establishing A and B is offered as evidence, the
statement is an argument.  If we're trying to establish the truth of B, then
it is not an argument, it is an explanation.

For example:

"There must be something wrong with the engine of my car, because it will not
 start." -- This is an argument.

"My car will not start because there is something wrong with the engine."
 -- This is an explanation.

There are two traditional types of argument, deductive and inductive.  A
deductive argument is one which provides conclusive proof of its conclusions
-- that is, an argument where if the premises are true, the conclusion must
also be true.  A deductive argument is either valid or invalid.  A valid
argument is defined as one where if the premises are true, then the
conclusion is true.

An inductive argument is one where the premises provide some evidence for the
truth of the conclusion.  Inductive arguments are not valid or invalid;
however, we can talk about whether they are better or worse than other
arguments, and about how probable their premises are.

There are forms of argument in ordinary language which are neither deductive
nor inductive.  However, we will concentrate for the moment on deductive
arguments, as they are often viewed as the most rigorous and convincing.

It is important to note that the fact that a deductive argument is valid does
not imply that its conclusion holds.  This is because of the slightly 
counter-intuitive nature of implication, which we must now consider more
carefully.

Obviously a valid argument can consist of true propositions.  However, an
argument may be entirely valid even if it contains only false propositions. 
For example:

   All insects have wings (premise)
   Woodlice are insects (premise)
   Therefore woodlice have wings (conclusion)

Here, the conclusion is not true because the argument's premises are false. 
If the argument's premises were true, however, the conclusion would be true. 
The argument is thus entirely valid.

More subtly, we can reach a true conclusion from one or more false premises,
as in:

   All fish live in the sea (premise)
   Dolphins are fish (premise)
   Therefore dolphins live in the sea (conclusion)

However, the one thing we cannot do is reach a false conclusion through valid
inference from true premises.  We can therefore draw up a "truth table" for
implication.

The symbol "=>" denotes implication; "A" is the premise, "B" the conclusion. 
"T" and "F" represent true and false respectively.

Premise Conclusion Inference
   A        B        A=>B
----------------------------
   F        F         T      If the premises are false and the inference
   F        T         T      valid, the conclusion can be true or false.

   T        F         F      If the premises are true and the conclusion
                             false, the inference must be invalid.

   T        T         T      If the premises are true and the inference valid,
                             the conclusion must be true.

A sound argument is a valid argument whose premises are true.  A sound 
argument therefore arrives at a true conclusion.  Be careful not to confuse
valid arguments with sound arguments.

To delve further into the structure of logical arguments would require
lengthy discussion of linguistics and philosophy.  It is simpler and probably
more useful to summarize the major pitfalls to be avoided when constructing
an argument.  These pitfalls are known as fallacies.

In everyday English the term "fallacy" is used to refer to mistaken beliefs
as well as to the faulty reasoning that leads to those beliefs.  This is fair
enough, but in logic the term is generally used to refer to a form of
technically incorrect argument, especially if the argument appears valid or
convincing.

So for the purposes of this discussion, we define a fallacy as a logical
argument which appears to be correct, but which can be seen to be incorrect
when examined more closely.  By studying fallacies we aim to avoid being
misled by them.  The following list of fallacies is not intended to be
exhaustive.

ARGUMENTUM AD BACULUM (APPEAL TO FORCE)

The Appeal to Force is committed when the arguer resorts to force or the
threat of force in order to try and push the acceptance of a conclusion.  It
is often used by politicians, and can be summarized as "might makes right". 
The force threatened need not be a direct threat from the arguer.

For example:
"... Thus there is ample proof of the truth of the Bible.  All those who
refuse to accept that truth will burn in Hell."

ARGUMENTUM AD HOMINEM

Argumentum ad hominem is literally "argument directed at the man".

The Abusive variety of Argumentum ad Hominem occurs when, instead of trying
to disprove the truth of an assertion, the arguer attacks the person or
people making the assertion.  This is invalid because the truth of an
assertion does not depend upon the goodness of those asserting it.

For example:
"Atheism is an evil philosophy.  It is practised by Communists and murderers."

Sometimes in a court of law doubt is cast upon the testimony of a witness by 
showing, for example, that he is a known perjurer.  This is a valid way of
reducing the credibility of the testimony given by the witness, and not
argumentum ad hominem; however, it does not demonstrate that the witness's
testimony is false.  To conclude otherwise is to fall victim of the
Argumentum ad Ignorantiam (see elsewhere in this list).

The circumstantial form of Argumentum ad Hominem is committed when a person
argues that his opponent ought to accept the truth of an assertion because of
the opponent's particular circumstances.

For example:
"It is perfectly acceptable to kill animals for food.  How can you argue
otherwise when you're quite happy to wear leather shoes?"

This is an abusive charge of inconsistency, used as an excuse for dismissing
the opponent's argument.

This fallacy can also be used as a means of rejecting a conclusion.  For 
example:

"Of course you would argue that positive discrimination is a bad thing. 
You're white."

This particular form of Argumentum ad Hominem, when one alleges that one's
adversary is rationalizing a conclusion formed from selfish interests, is
also known as "poisoning the well".

ARGUMENTUM AD IGNORANTIUM

Argumentum ad ignorantium means "argument from ignorance".  This fallacy
occurs whenever it is argued that something must be true simply because it
has not been proved false.  Or, equivalently, when it is argued that
something must be false because it has not been proved true.  (Note that this
is not the same as assuming that something is false until it has been proved
true, a basic scientific principle.)

Examples:
"Of course the Bible is true.  Nobody can prove otherwise."

"Of course telepathy and other psychic phenomena do not exist.  Nobody has
shown any proof that they are real."

Note that this fallacy does not apply in a court of law, where one is
generally assumed innocent until proven guilty.

Also, in scientific investigation if it is known that an event would produce
certain evidence of its having occurred, the absence of such evidence can 
validly be used to infer that the event did not occur.  For example:

"A flood as described in the Bible would require an enormous volume of water
to be present on the earth.  The earth does not have a tenth as much water,
even if we count that which is frozen into ice at the poles.  Therefore no
such flood occurred."

In science, we can validly assume from lack of evidence that something has
not occurred.  We cannot conclude with certainty that it has not occurred,
however.

ARGUMENTUM AD MISERICORDIAM

This is the Appeal to Pity, also known as Special Pleading.  The fallacy is 
committed when the arguer appeals to pity for the sake of getting a 
conclusion accepted.  For example:

"I did not murder my mother and father with an axe.  Please don't find me
guilty; I'm suffering enough through being an orphan."

ARGUMENTUM AD POPULUM

This is known as Appealing to the Gallery, or Appealing to the People.  To
commit this fallacy is to attempt to win acceptance of an assertion by
appealing to a large group of people.  This form of fallacy is often
characterized by emotive language.  For example:

"Pornography must be banned.  It is violence against women."

"The Bible must be true.  Millions of people know that it is.  Are you trying
to tell them that they are all mistaken fools?"

ARGUMENTUM AD NUMERAM

This fallacy is closely related to the argumentum ad populum.  It consists of
asserting that the more people who support or believe a proposition, the more
likely it is that that proposition is correct.

ARGUMENTUM AD VERECUNDIAM

The Appeal to Authority uses the admiration of the famous to try and win
support for an assertion.  For example:

"Isaac Newton was a genius and he believed in God."

This line of argument is not always completely bogus; for example, reference
to an admitted authority in a particular field may be relevant to a
discussion of that subject.  For example, we can distinguish quite clearly
between:

"Stephen Hawking has concluded that black holes give off radiation"
and
"John Searle has concluded that it is impossible to build an intelligent
 computer"

Hawking is a physicist, and so we can reasonably expect his opinions on black
hole radiation to be informed.  Searle is a linguist, so it is questionable 
whether he is well-qualified to speak on the subject of machine intelligence.

THE FALLACY OF ACCIDENT

The Fallacy of Accident is committed when a general rule is applied to a
particular case whose "accidental" circumstances mean that the rule is
inapplicable.  It is the error made when one goes from the general to the
specific.  For example:

"Christians generally dislike atheists.  You are a Christian, so you must
dislike atheists."

This fallacy is often committed by moralists and legalists who try to decide
every moral and legal question by mechanically applying general rules.

CONVERSE ACCIDENT / HASTY GENERALIZATION

This fallacy is the reverse of the fallacy of accident.  It occurs when one
forms a general rule by examining only a few specific cases which are not
representative of all possible cases.

For example:
"Jim Bakker was an insincere Christian.  Therefore all Christians are
insincere."

SWEEPING GENERALIZATION / DICTO SIMPLICITER

A sweeping generalization occurs when a general rule is applied to a
particular situation in which the features of that particular situation
render the rule inapplicable.  A sweeping generalization is the opposite of a
hasty generalization.

NON CAUSA PRO CAUSA / POST HOC ERGO PROPTER HOC

These are known as False Cause fallacies.

The fallacy of Non Causa Pro Causa occurs when one identifies something as the
cause of an event but it has not actually been shown to be the cause.  For 
example:

"I took an aspirin and prayed to God, and my headache disappeared.  So God
cured me of the headache."

The fallacy of Post Hoc Ergo Propter Hoc occurs when something is assumed to
be the cause of an event merely because it happened before the event.  For 
example:

"The Soviet Union collapsed after taking up atheism.  Therefore we must avoid
atheism for the same reasons."

CUM HOC ERGO PROPTER HOC

This fallacy is similar to post hoc ergo propter hoc.  It asserts that
because two events occur together, they must be causally related, and leaves
no room for other factors that may be the cause(s) of the events.

PETITIO PRINCIPII

This fallacy occurs when the premises are at least as questionable as the
conclusion reached.

CIRCULUS IN DEMONSTRANDO

This fallacy occurs when one assumes as a premise the conclusion which one
wishes to reach.  Often, the proposition will be rephrased so that the
fallacy appears to be a valid argument.  For example:

"Homosexuals must not be allowed to hold government office.  Hence any
government official who is revealed to be a homosexual will lose his job. 
Therefore homosexuals will do anything to hide their secret, and will be open
to blackmail.  Therefore homosexuals cannot be allowed to hold government
office."

Note that the argument is entirely circular; the premise is the same as the 
conclusion.  An argument like the above has actually been cited as the reason
for the British Secret Services' official ban on homosexual employees. 
Another example is the classic:

"We know that God exists because the Bible tells us so.  And we know that the
Bible is true because it is the word of God."

COMPLEX QUESTION / FALLACY OF INTERROGATION

This is the Fallacy of Presupposition.  One example is the classic loaded 
question:

"Have you stopped beating your wife?"

The question presupposes a definite answer to another question which has not
even been asked.  This trick is often used by lawyers in cross-examination,
when they ask questions like:

"Where did you hide the money you stole?"

Similarly, politicians often ask loaded questions such as:

"How long will this EC interference in our affairs be allowed to continue?"
or
"Does the Chancellor plan two more years of ruinous privatization?"

IGNORATIO ELENCHI

The fallacy of Irrelevant Conclusion consists of claiming that an argument 
supports a particular conclusion when it is actually logically nothing to do
with that conclusion.

For example, a Christian may begin by saying that he will argue that the
teachings of Christianity are undoubtably true.  If he then argues at length
that Christianity is of great help to many people, no matter how well he
argues he will not have shown that Christian teachings are true.

Sadly, such fallacious arguments are often successful because they arouse
emotions which cause others to view the supposed conclusion in a more
favourable light.

EQUIVOCATION

Equivocation occurs when a key word is used with two or more different
meanings in the same argument.  For example:

"What could be more affordable than free software?  But to make sure that it
remains free, that users can do what they like with it, we must place a
license on it to make sure that will always be freely redistributable."

AMPHIBOLY

Amphiboly occurs when the premises used in an argument are ambiguous because
of careless or ungrammatical phrasing.

ACCENT

Accent is another form of fallacy through shifting meaning.  In this case,
the meaning is changed by altering which parts of a statement are
emphasized.  For example, consider:

"We should not speak ILL of our friends"
and
"We should not speak ill of our FRIENDS"

FALLACIES OF COMPOSITION

One fallacy of composition is to conclude that a property shared by the parts
of something must apply to the whole.  For example:

"The bicycle is made entirely of low mass components, and is therefore very 
lightweight."

The other fallacy of composition is to conclude that a property of a number
of individual items is shared by a collection of those items.  For example:

"A car uses less petrol and causes less pollution than a bus.  Therefore cars
are less environmentally damaging than buses."

FALLACY OF DIVISION

The fallacy of division is the opposite of the fallacy of composition.  Like
its opposite, it exists in two varieties.  The first is to assume that a
property of some thing must apply to its parts.  For example:

"You are studying at a rich college.  Therefore you must be rich."

The other is to assume that a property of a collection of items is shared by
each item.  For example:

"Ants can destroy a tree.  Therefore this ant can destroy a tree."

THE SLIPPERY SLOPE ARGUMENT

This argument states that should one event occur, so will other harmful
events.  There is no proof made that the harmful events are caused by the
first event.

For example:
"If we legalize marijuana, then we would have to legalize crack and heroin
and we'll have a nation full of drug-addicts on welfare.  Therefore we cannot
legalize marijuana."

"A IS BASED ON B" FALLACIES / "IS A TYPE OF" FALLACIES

These fallacies occur when one attempts to argue that things are in some way
similar without actually specifying in what way they are similar.

Examples:
"Isn't history based upon faith?  If so, then isn't the Bible also a form of
history?"

"Islam is based on faith, Christianity is based on faith, so isn't Islam a
form of Christianity?"

"Cats are a form of animal based on carbon chemistry, dogs are a form of
animal based on carbon chemistry, so aren't dogs a form of cat?"

AFFIRMATION OF THE CONSEQUENT

This fallacy is an argument of the form "A implies B, B is true, therefore A
is true".  To understand why it is a fallacy, examine the truth table for
implication given earlier.

DENIAL OF THE ANTECEDENT

This fallacy is an argument of the form "A implies B, A is false, therefore B
is false".  Again, the truth table for implication makes it clear why this is
a fallacy.

Note that this fallacy is different from Non Causa Pro Causa; the latter has
the form "A implies B, A is false, therefore B is false", where A does NOT in
fact imply B at all.  Here, the problem is not that the implication is
invalid; rather it is that the falseness of A does not allow us to deduce
anything about B.

CONVERTING A CONDITIONAL

This fallacy is an argument of the form "If A then B, therefore if B then A".

ARGUMENTUM AD ANTIQUITAM

This is the fallacy of asserting that something is right or good simply
because it is old, or because "that's the way it's always been."

ARGUMENTUM AD NOVITAM

This is the opposite of the argumentum ad antiquitam; it is the fallacy of
asserting that something is more correct simply because it is new or newer
than something else.

ARGUMENTUM AD CRUMENAM

The fallacy of believing that money is a criterion of correctness; that those
with more money are more likely to be right.

ARGUMENTUM AD LAZARUM

The fallacy of assuming that because someone is poor he or she is sounder or
more virtuous than one who is wealthier.  This fallacy is the opposite of the
argumentum ad crumenam.

ARGUMENTUM AD NAUSEAM

This is the incorrect belief that an assertion is more likely to be true the
more often it is heard.  An "argumentum ad nauseum" is one that employs
constant repetition in asserting something.

BIFURCATION

Also referred to as the "black and white" fallacy, bifurcation occurs when
one presents a situation as having only two alternatives, where in fact other
alternatives exist or can exist.

PLURIUM INTERROGATIONUM / MANY QUESTIONS

This fallacy occurs when a questioner demands a simple answer to a complex
question.

NON SEQUITUR

A non-sequitur is an argument where the conclusion is drawn from premises
which are not logically connected with it.

RED HERRING

This fallacy is committed when irrelevant material is introduced to the issue
being discussed, so that everyone's attention is diverted away from the
points being made, towards a different conclusion.

REIFICATION / HYPOSTATIZATION

Reification occurs when an abstract concept is treated as a concrete thing.

SHIFTING THE BURDEN OF PROOF

The burden of proof is always on the person making an assertion or
proposition.  Shifting the burden of proof, a special case of argumentum ad
ignorantium, is the fallacy of putting the burden of proof on the person who
denies or questions the assertion being made.  The source of the fallacy is
the assumption that something is true unless proven otherwise.

STRAW MAN

The straw man fallacy is to misrepresent someone else's position so that it
can be attacked more easily, then to knock down that misrepresented position,
then to conclude that the original position has been demolished.  It is a
fallacy because it fails to deal with the actual arguments that have been
made.

THE EXTENDED ANALOGY

The fallacy of the Extended Analogy often occurs when some suggested general
rule is being argued over.  The fallacy is to assume that mentioning two 
different situations, in an argument about a general rule, constitutes a 
claim that those situations are analogous to each other.

This fallacy is best explained using a real example from a debate about 
anti-cryptography legislation:

"I believe it is always wrong to oppose the law by breaking it."

"Such a position is odious: it implies that you would not have supported
 Martin Luther King."

"Are you saying that cryptography legislation is as important as the
 struggle for Black liberation?  How dare you!"

TU QUOQUE

This is the famous "you too" fallacy.  It occurs when an action is argued to
be acceptable because the other party has performed it.  For instance:

"You're just being randomly abusive."
"So?  You've been abusive too."

�

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 52910
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Overview for New Readers

Archive-name: atheism/overview
Alt-atheism-archive-name: overview
Last-modified: 5 April 1993
Version: 1.2

                                   Overview

Welcome to alt.atheism and alt.atheism.moderated.

This is the first in a series of regular postings aimed at new readers of the
newsgroups.

Many groups of a 'controversial' nature have noticed that new readers often
come up with the same questions, mis-statements or misconceptions and post
them to the net.  In addition, people often request information which has
been posted time and time again.  In order to try and cut down on this, the
alt.atheism groups have a series of five regular postings under the following
titles:

   1.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Overview for New Readers
   2.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Introduction to Atheism
   3.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
   4.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Constructing a Logical Argument
   5.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Atheist Resources

This is article number 1.  Please read numbers 2 and 3 before posting.  The
others are entirely optional.

If you are new to Usenet, you may also find it helpful to read the newsgroup
news.announce.newusers.  The articles titled "A Primer on How to Work With
the Usenet Community", "Answers to Frequently Asked Questions about Usenet"
and "Hints on writing style for Usenet" are particularly relevant.  Questions
concerning how news works are best asked in news.newusers.questions.

If you are unable to find any of the articles listed above, see the "Finding
Stuff" section below.


                                   Credits

These files could not have been written without the assistance of the many
readers of alt.atheism and alt.atheism.moderated.  In particular, I'd like to
thank the following people:

kck+@cs.cmu.edu (Karl Kluge)
perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
NETOPRWA@ncsuvm.cc.ncsu.edu (Wayne Aiken)
chpetk@gdr.bath.ac.uk (Toby Kelsey)
jkp@cs.HUT.FI (Jyrki Kuoppala)
geoff.arnold@East.Sun.COM (Geoff Arnold)
torkel@sics.se (Torkel Franzen)
kmldorf@utdallas.edu (George Kimeldorf)
roe2@quads.uchicago.edu (Greg Roelofs)
arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee)
madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
J5J@psuvm.psu.edu (John A. Johnson)
dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham)
mayne@open.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne)
ajr@bigbird.hri.com (Andy Rosen)
stoesser@ira.uka.de (Achim Stoesser)
bosullvn@unix1.tcd.ie (Bryan O'Sullivan)
lippard@ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)
s1b3832@rigel.tamu.edu (S. Baum)
ydobyns@phoenix.princeton.edu (York H. Dobyns)
schroede@sdsc.edu (Wayne Schroeder)
baldwin@csservera.usna.navy.mil (J.D. Baldwin)
D_NIBBY@unhh.unh.edu (Dana Nibby)
dempsey@Kodak.COM (Richard C. Dempsey)
jmunch@hertz,elee.calpoly.edu (John David Munch)
pdc@dcs.ed.ac.uk (Paul Crowley)
rz@mips.complang.tuwien.ac.at (Richard Zach)
tycchow@math.mit.edu (Tim Chow)
simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale)

...and countless others I've forgotten.

These articles are free.  Truly free.  You may copy them and distribute them
to anyone you wish.  However, please send any changes or corrections to the
author, and please do not re-post copies of the articles to alt.atheism; it
does nobody any good to have multiple versions of the same document floating
around the network.


                                Finding Stuff

All of the FAQ files *should* be somewhere on your news system.  Here are
some suggestions on what to do if you can't find them:

1. Check the newsgroup alt.atheism.  Look for subject lines starting with
   "Alt.Atheism FAQ:".

2. Check the newsgroup news.answers for the same subject lines.

   If you don't find anything in steps 1 or 2, your news system isn't set up
   correctly, and you may wish to tell your system administrator about the
   problem.

3. If you have anonymous FTP access, connect to rtfm.mit.edu [18.172.1.27].
   Go to the directory /pub/usenet/alt.atheism, and you'll find the latest
   versions of the FAQ files there.

   FTP is a a way of copying files between networked computers.  If you
   need help in using or getting started with FTP, send e-mail to
   mail-server@rtfm.mit.edu with

      send usenet/news.answers/ftp-list/faq

   in the body.

4. There are other sites which also carry news.answers postings.  The article
   "Introduction to the news.answers newsgroup" carries a list of these
   sites; the article is posted regularly to news.answers.

5. If you don't have FTP, send mail to mail-server@rtfm.mit.edu
   consisting of the following lines:

      send usenet/news.answers/finding-sources
      send usenet/alt.atheism/faq
      send usenet/alt.atheism/introduction
      send usenet/alt.atheism/logic
      send usenet/alt.atheism/resources

5. (Penultimate resort)  Send mail to mail-server@mantis.co.uk consisting of
   the following lines:

      send atheism/faq/faq.txt
      send atheism/faq/logic.txt
      send atheism/faq/intro.txt
      send atheism/faq/resource.txt

   and our poor overworked modems will try and send you a copy of the files.
   There's other stuff, too; interesting commands to try are "help" and
   "send atheism/index".

6. (Last resort)  Mail mathew@mantis.co.uk, or post an article to the
   newsgroup asking how you can get the FAQ files.  You should only do this
   if you've tried the above methods and they've failed; it's not nice to
   clutter the newsgroup or people's mailboxes with requests for files.
   it's better than posting without reading the FAQ, though!  For instance,
   people whose email addresses get mangled in transit and who don't have 
   FTP will probably need assistance obtaining the FAQ files.


mathew
�

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53055
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

>DATE:   18 Apr 93 23:17:25 GMT
>FROM:   Bake Timmons <timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu>
>
>	These Bible-lovers have got to chill out.  If we all could just relax
>and see atheism for what it is, the funny pages could have more material.
>
>	Atheism denies the existence of God.  This is logically bankrupt --
>where is the proof of this nonexistence?  It's a joke.
>
>	So nobody can take the above sense of atheism seriously.  Perhaps

Perhaps because you just made it up?

Now put your skateboard away and read the FAQ.  Learn something about atheism
before you get off on these tangents.





Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53056
From: tclark@tlcslip.uncecs.edu (Thomas B. Clark)
Subject: Re: "So help you God" in court?  

I don't think there is really any question about which god the courts
mean.  The request for solemnly swearing, so help you god,
 is always made after a request to pick up the bible in your left hand
and hold up your right hand.  In the courts of NC, at least, it is always
an old and new testament.

Though it is hard to imagine, picking up the bible and swearing to (whatever)
god is sometimes the least of the religious influence.  There is a court in
Greensboro, NC, where the judge routinely has everyone in the courtroom
stand to join him in prayer at the beginning of every session.  I've thought about
sitting through it, but I'm not terribly anxious to spend 30 days in jail...

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53057
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Nicknames

In article <1993Apr18.231914.143616@zeus.calpoly.edu>,
jmunch@hertz.elee.calpoly.edu (John Munch) wrote:
> >Mathew "FAQ" can't remember his last name
> >Keith "Lie Tally .sig" Ryan
> >Kent "Finn-tastic" Sandvick
> >Cindy "Popsicle Toes" Kandolf
> >Jim "Face .sig" Tims
> >Simon "Clip-that-theist" Clippendale
> >Umar "Reasonable" Khan
> >Rob "Argue with G-d" Strom
> >Dave "Buckminster" Fuller
> >Maddi "Never a useful post" Hausmann
> 
> Hey, what about an affectionate nickname for me?

You could take my wrongly spelled surname :-).

Cheers,
Kent Sandvik
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53058
From: schlegel@cwis.unomaha.edu (Mark Schlegel)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:

>	Atheism denies the existence of God.  This is logically bankrupt --
>where is the proof of this nonexistence?  It's a joke.

 This is one of my favorite fallacious points against atheism, i.e. the 
 belief that you can't deny anything that you can't prove doesn't exist.
 This is easily nailed by showing that an infinite number of beings are
 conceivable but not observed to exist, does this mean that we would have
 to believe in all of them?  According to the above poster, we must believe
 in objects or beings that haven't been proved not to exist so why stop at
 God?   (there could be a huge number of beings identical to Ronald Reagan
 except for trivial differences, say one is missing a finger, one has blond
 hair,... and they all live  on other planets so we can't see them)  The 
 reason no one but atheists bring this up is that none of these christians
 have a vested interest in these unknown beings with the exception of God.

>Fine, but why do these people shoot themselves in the foot and mock the idea of
>a God?  Here again is a classic atheist fallacy.

 How did they shoot themselves in the foot?

>	Radical Muslims, the Crusades, the Inquisition are common examples that
>atheists like to bring up as marks against religion.  How weak!  Only fools can
>take that drivel seriously.  How about the grand-daddy of all human atrocities,
>the Stalinist movement?
>	Twenty eight MILLION people _killed_ under this leadership, which
>proudly featured atheism.

  There is a big difference here, Stalin didn't say that he stood for a 
  particular moral position (i.e. against murder and terrorism, etc.) and
  then did the opposite (like the religious movements), he was at least
  an honest killer.  (This is NOT a support of Stalin but an attack on this
  viewpoint).  Saying that atheism supports murder and violence just because
  one man was a tyrant and an atheist is just bad logic, look at all the
  russians that helped Stalin that weren't atheists - don't they contradict
  your point?  Besides your point assumes that his atheism was relevant
  to his murdering people, this is just the common assumption that atheists
  can't value life as much as theists (which you didn't support).  

>	Agnostics are not as funny because they are more reasonable.  Yet
>they do in some sense seem funny because they believe that the existence of God
>is unknowable.  This in itself is every bit the assumption that atheism is,
>though it's less arrogant and pompous.

 Ah, and here's another point you didn't get out of the FAQ.  An atheist
 doesn't have to hold the positive view that god doesn't exist, he/she may
 just have the non-existence of the positive belief.  Here's the example:
 
 Strong atheism - "I believe god does not exist"   a positive belief

 Weak atheism   - "I don't believe in a god"       a negative belief
 
 these are NOT the same, some one that has never thought of the idea of
 god in their whole life is technically an atheist, but not the kind that
 you are calling unreasonable.  Or let's look at it this way (in sets)
 
 suppose that a given person has a huge set of ideas that I will represent
 as capital letters and these people then either believe that these ideas
 exist as real objects or not.  So if S = santa, then E(S)= no is the person
 not believing in santa but still having the idea of santa.  But notice that
 even E(S) = no  is itself another idea!  This means you have lots of cases:
 
 christian :  (A,E(A)=yes,B,E(B)=no,  . . . G,E(G)=yes......) where G = god
 
 atheist (strong) : (A,E(A). . . . .G,E(G)=no)
 
 atheist (weak) : (A,.....E)     i.e. no G at all in the set
 
 agnostic :  (A,.......G, E(G) = indeterminate, E', ....) 


>	Why are people so afraid to say "undecided"?  It must just be another
>feature of human nature -- "undecided" is not a sexy, trendy, or glamorous
>word.  It does not inspire much hate or conflict.  It's not blasphemous.
>It's not political.  In fact it is too often taken to mean unsophisticated.

 Nietzsche once said that a man would rather will nonexistence than not
  will at all but the darwinist way to put this is that humanity always 
  prefers no or yes to a maybe because indecision is not a useful survival
  trait, evolution has drilled it in us to take positions, even false ones.


>Bake Timmons, III

M.S.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53059
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Christian Morality is

In <11836@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>In article <C5L1Ey.Jts@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
Cobb) writes:
>>In <11825@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) 
writes:
>>
>>
>>>  Actually, my atheism is based on ignorance.  Ignorance of the
>>>  existence of any god.  Don't fall into the "atheists don't believe
>>>  because of their pride" mistake.
>>
>>How do you know it's based on ignorance, couldn't that be wrong? Why would it
>>be wrong 
>>to fall into the trap that you mentioned? 
>>

>  If I'm wrong, god is free at any time to correct my mistake.  That
>  he continues not to do so, while supposedly proclaiming his
>  undying love for my eternal soul, speaks volumes.

What are the volumes that it speaks besides the fact that he leaves your 
choices up to you?

>  As for the trap, you are not in a position to tell me that I don't
>  believe in god because I do not wish to.  Unless you can know my
>  motivations better than I do myself, you should believe me when I
>  say that I earnestly searched for god for years and never found
>  him.

I definitely agree that it's rather presumptuous for either "side" to give some
psychological reasoning for another's belief.

MAC
>/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

>Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

>They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
>and sank Manhattan out at sea.

>^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53062
From: wilkins@scubed.com (Darin Wilkins)
Subject: Re: KORESH IS GOD!

>>FROM:   mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
>>The latest news seems to be that Koresh will give himself up once he's
>>finished writing a sequel to the Bible.

In article <2944079995.1.p00261@psilink.com> "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
>Writing the Seven Seals or something along those lines.  He's already
>written the first of the Seven which was around 30 pages or so and has
>handed it over to an assistant for PROOFREADING!.  I would expect any
>decent messiah to have a built-in spellchecker.  Maybe Koresh 2.0 will
>come with one.

I heard he had asked the FBI to provide him with a word processor.  Does
anyone know if Koresh has requested that it be WordPerfect5.0?  WP5.0 was
written (and is owned) by Mormons, so the theological implications of
requesting (or refusing) WP5.0 are profound!

darin
wilkins@scubed.scubed.com
________________________________
|                              |
| I will be President for food |
|______________________________|

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53064
From: bdunn@cco.caltech.edu (Brendan Dunn)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <93108.155839PTS102@psuvm.psu.edu> <PTS102@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
[Pitt vs. Penn State controversy deleted]
>
>Bringing this back to alt.atheism relevance:  So the guy says we're going to
>Hell.  That isn't sufficient cause to bitch to the system operator.  At worst,
>it's bad etiquette.  (Unless you really believe that someone is using his
>account without his knowledge/permission, which is actually against the law.)
>-----
>Patrick Saxton          "Pitt is a second-rate school in a second-rate city."
>pts102@PSUVM.psu.edu                                         - anon
>pts@ecl.psu.edu         ob.atheism:  "In Batman we Trust"
>

No.  It wouldn't be sufficient cause to bitch to the system operator if this
was just some guy saying that atheists are going to hell.  The point was 
that recently many messages were posted from that address.  Each of these
messages was posted to a different newsgroup, with the apparent intent of
provoking the readers of that particular group.  This, along with the fact
that these posts were written in all-caps, makes these posts suspect.
Whoever is using this account is using it irresponsibly.  If it is the
intended user, they should consider appropriate action.  If it is someone
else-- which seems a possibility, then this is also reason to report it.
	We get many posts in the flavor of the one that started this thread.
It is only because I have seen posts on other groups by this user that I
am considering action.

Brendan


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53065
From: bdunn@cco.caltech.edu (Brendan Dunn)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

Thanks to whoever posted this wonderful parody of people who post without 
reading the FAQ!  I was laughing for a good 5 minutes.  Were there any 
parts of the FAQ that weren't mentioned?  I think there might have been one
or two...

Please don't tell me this wasn't a joke.  I'm not ready to hear that yet...

Brendan

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53066
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Is Morality Constant (was Re: Biblical Rape)

Bill Conner (bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu) wrote:
 
: There are a couple of things about your post and others in this thread
: that are a little confusing. An atheist is one for whom all things can
: be understood as processes of nature - exclusively.

This definition does not include all atheists (see the FAQ). However,
I (for one) do think there is no need to invoke any divine or
spiritual explanations. 

It makes a big difference to claim that all things can be understood
as natural processes, and to claim that our observations do not
require us to postulate any divine intervention, or anything spiritual,
for that matter. Humans are not omnipotent, and neither is science.
However, science has one advantage theology doesn't: it is self-
correcting, with nature as its judge. 

It is delightful to see how scientific inquiry is revealing a self-
consistent, simple picture of our universe. Science is no longer
a bunch of separate branches, it is one. From particle physics to
psychology. And no aspect of our life, or our universe, is safe
from its stern and stony eye. Not even our consciousness.

 There is no need
: for any recourse to Divnity to describe or explain anything. There is
: no purpose or direction for any event beyond those required by
: physics, chemistry, biology, etc.; everything is random, nothing is
: determnined.

Actually, determinism vs. indeterminism is a philosophical question,
and science cannot say whether the whole thing is actually somehow
superdeterministic or not. I think the question does not have
any meaning, as far as individual human beings go. If their apparent
free will is an illusion, it does not appear to be so from their
perspective. Bill, can you say _for sure_ whether you have a free
will or not? 

: This would also have to include human intelligence of course and all
: its products. There is nothing requiring that life evolve or that it
: acquire intelligence, it's just a happy accident.

Maybe. Who are we to tell? It seems intelligence is useful - when
during the history of Earth has _one species_ been able to control
one third of the whole biosphere? This can still be a result of 
numerous happy accidents our genetic machinery blindly replicates
and preserves. Even that machinery can be result of the same
principle - only the systems that can start replicating will
survive, those which don't don't make it. (Recommended reading: t.o)

: For an atheist, no
: event can be preferred to another or be said to have more or less
: value than another in any naturalistic sense, and no thought -about-
: an event can have value. 

From whose perspective? I value events and things subjectively, from
my perspective. Nature does not have values, because it does not have
a perspective - values arise from awareness. If I have a subjective
perspective, it is easy to assume that other people also do, and if
I think about what it would it be like in their position, I will
eventually discover the Golden Rule. Morality is not necessarily
a gift from heavens, in fact, it may be a product of evolution.
Perhaps we are aware of ourselves because a sense of identity
is helpful, allows us to play the roles of others and make us respect
others who seem to have identity, too. 

Bill, have you ever read Aristotle? Try his Ethica Nikomakhea (sp.)
for starters.

: How then can an atheist judge value? What is the basis for criticizing
: the values ennumerated in the Bible or the purposes imputed to God? On
: what grounds can the the behavior of the reliogious be condemned? It
: seems that, in judging the values that motivate others to action, you
: have to have some standard against which conduct is measured, but what
: in nature can serve that purpose? What law of nature can you invoke to
: establish your values.

C.S. Lewis tells us that this argument was the main reason why
he abandoned his atheism and became Christian. The argument is
severely flawed.

Some values, such as the Golden Rule, can have a rational basis. Some
others, like the basic idea of wanting to live, has probably its
roots in the way our brains are wired. Lewis ignored the very real
possiblity that natural selection could also favour altruistic
behaviour, and morality as well. Indeed, as humans evolved better
and better in building and using tools, they also became better
at killing each other. It is a logical necessity that evolution could
only favour those who knew how to use tools, but not against one's
own people.

The Bible reveals quite nicely that the morality of the early Jews
was not beyond this. A simple set of rules to hold the people
together, under one god. Their god did not care much about people
of other nations. 

At the time of the NT, things were quite different - the Jews
were under rule of an _empire_, and could no longer simply ignore
the Gentiles. A new situation required a new morality, and along
with it a new religion was born. (A mutation in a meme pool.)

: Since every event is entirely and exclusively a physical event, what
: difference could it possibly make what -anyone- does, religious or
: otherwise, there can be no -meaning- or gradation of value. The only
: way an atheist can object to -any- behaviour is to admit that the
: objection is entirely subjective and that he(she) just doesn't like it
: - that's it. Any value judgement must be prefaced by the disclaimer
: that it is nothing more than a matter of personal opinion and carries
: no weight in any "absolute" sense.

It looks like you haven't bothered to read philosophy. Whenever there
is an observer, there is a subjective point of view, which may 
value its existence and happiness (even if that were just a result
of some physical event), and other's happiness, too, if the observer
comes to think about it. In an absolutely objective sense, that is,
without any observers or subjects, moral judgments lose their
meaning. 

It is not possible for a value to simply exist without a point of
view. This includes gods, too, their values are only _their_ 
personal judgments, not absolute truths, since such truths
do not exist. 

The fact that most people do not deliberately want to hurt others
is a manifestation of the way we have fought for our existence
by becoming social beings who can think and value others'
existence.

Morality is not property of humans alone - chimps, dolphins and
many other species show great care for each other. Dolphins have
sometimes saved humans from drowning, a good deed indeed. 

: That you don't like what God told people to do says nothing about God
: or God's commands, it says only that there was an electrical event in your
: nervous system that created an emotional state that your mind coupled
: with a pre-existing thought-set to form that reaction. That your
: objections -seem- well founded is due to the way you've been
: conditioned; there is no "truth" content. The whole of your
: intellectual landscape is an illusion, a virtual reality.

The last statement does not logically follow. In fact, there is
every reason to believe our thoughts can model reality very
well, and our senses can convey reliable information. Solipsism
is still a logical possibility, but not a very likely one.

You are continuously mixing two different views: the subjective
point of view (which we all share) and an objective point of view,
_which does not exist_. Any observer or thinker, any personal being,
has its own point of view. It does not matter whether this point
of view is a result of some physical events or not, it does not
cease to be subjective. 

From a non-observers non-point of view, values do not exist. Neither
does pain, or pleasure, or beauty, or love. Such things are 
inherently subjective. 

Once again, if god wants wives to submit to their husbands, or even
to make a leap of faith into the unknown, or wants to punish us if
we don't, I disagree with his morals. I do not think my morals come
from any supreme being - to remove my morals means the same than
to make me a zombie, a machine without a single thought. If god
gave us morality to judge, but I disagree with him, it is not my
fault. He is free to replace my morals. I cannot see what is the
point of giving someone a moral system which disagrees with one's
own and then to get mad at this. 

God must be schizophrenic.

: All of this being so, you have excluded
: yourself from any discussion of values, right, wrong, goood, evil,
: etc. and cannot participate. Your opinion about the Bible can have no
: weight whatsoever.

Neither can the opinion of any god, for that matter. I cannot understand
why a subjective opinion of a thing made of matter is in any way
less credible than an opinion of a thing made of something else.

Bill, take note: Absolute values must be independent of _any_ being,
_including_ gods. If god has a subjective viewpoint, it is his
own point of view, and his morals are his own. 

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53067
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <11847@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>In article <115670@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>>In article <11826@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>>I am refuting nothing but simply telling you what I see, which is
>>childish propaganda and nothing to be refuted. BCCI was not 
>>an Islamic bank, so this post has nothing to do with Islamic banks. 
>>I am tiring of this infantile garbage, so I simply evaluated it
>>as such.

>>>  Could you maybe flesh it out just a bit?  Or did I miss the full
>>>  grandeur of it's content by virtue of my blinding atheism?

>>You may be having difficulty seeing the light because you
>>have your head up your ass. I suggest making sure this is 
>>not the case before posting again.

>  It's time for your lesson in debate, Gregg.

Yeah, right.

>Begin included text:
>From vice!news.tek.com!uunet!psinntp!wrldlnk!usenet Sun Apr 18 10:01:11 PDT 1993

>I noticed a post on this topic in soc.religion.islam.   And since the topic
>of the BCCI being/not being an Islamic bank has come up, I have left in the
>one mention of the BCCI bank called "How BCCI adapted the Koran rules of
>banking" from this bibliography.


>Bennett, Neil.  "How BCCI adapted the Koran rules of banking".  The 
>Times.  August 13, 1991.

So, let's see. If some guy writes a piece with a title that implies
something is the case then it must be so, is that it?

>  This is how you support a position if you intend to have anyone
>  respect it, Gregg.  Any questions?  And I even managed to include
>  the above reference with my head firmly engaged in my ass.  What's
>  your excuse?

This supports nothing. I have no reason to believe that this is 
piece is anything other than another anti-Islamic slander job.
I have no respect for titles, only for real content. I can look
up this article if I want, true. But I can tell you BCCI was _not_
an Islamic bank. Seeing as I'm spending my time responding to
propaganda (in responding to this little sub-thread) I really
don't feel a deep need to do more than make statements to the
effect that the propaganda is false. If someone wants to discuss
the issue more seriously then I'd be glad to have a real discussion,
providing references, etc.


Gregg





Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53068
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: about the bible quiz answers

In article <healta.153.735242337@saturn.wwc.edu>, healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:
> 
> 
> #12) The 2 cheribums are on the Ark of the Covenant.  When God said make no 
> graven image, he was refering to idols, which were created to be worshipped. 
> The Ark of the Covenant wasn't wrodhipped and only the high priest could 
> enter the Holy of Holies where it was kept once a year, on the Day of 
> Atonement.

I am not familiar with, or knowledgeable about the original language,
but I believe there is a word for "idol" and that the translator
would have used the word "idol" instead of "graven image" had
the original said "idol."  So I think you're wrong here, but
then again I could be too.  I just suggesting a way to determine
whether the interpretation you offer is correct.


Dean Kaflowitz

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53069
From: nancyo@fraser.sfu.ca (Nancy Patricia O'Connor)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:

>Rule #4:  Don't mix apples with oranges.  How can you say that the
>extermination by the Mongols was worse than Stalin?  Khan conquered people
>unsympathetic to his cause.  That was atrocious.  But Stalin killed millions of
>his own people who loved and worshipped _him_ and his atheist state!!  How can
>anyone be worse than that?

You're right.  And David Koresh claimed to be a Christian.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53070
From: pmoloney@maths.tcd.ie (Paul Moloney)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
>to someone who was crazy.

Find an encyclopedia. Volume H. Now look up Hitler, Adolf. He had
many more people than just Germans enamoured with him.

P.
-- 
 moorcockpratchettdenislearydelasoulu2iainmbanksneworderheathersbatmanpjorourke
clive p a u l  m o l o n e y  Come, let us retract the foreskin of misconception
james trinity college dublin  and apply the wire brush of enlightenment - GeoffM
 brownbladerunnersugarcubeselectronicblaylockpowersspikeleekatebushhamcornpizza 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53071
From: pmoloney@maths.tcd.ie (Paul Moloney)
Subject: Re: THE POPE IS JEWISH!

west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:

>The pope is jewish.... I guess they're right, and I always thought that
>the thing on his head was just a fancy hat, not a Jewish headpiece (I
>don't remember the name).  It's all so clear now (clear as mud.)

As to what that headpiece is....

(by chort@crl.nmsu.edu)

SOURCE: AP NEWSWIRE

The Vatican, Home Of Genetic Misfits?

Michael  A. Gillow, noted geneticist, has revealed  some unusual  data
after working undercover in  the Vatican for the past 18 years.   "The
Popehat(tm) is actually an advanced bone spur.", reveals Gillow in his
groundshaking report. Gillow, who had  secretly  studied the innermost
workings of the Vatican since returning from Vietnam in a wheel chair,
first approached the scientific community with his  theory in the late
1950's.

"The  whole hat  thing, that was just a cover  up. The  Vatican didn't
want the Catholic Community(tm) to realize  their  leader  was hefting
nearly  8 kilograms of extraneous  bone  tissue on    the  top of  his
skull.", notes Gillow in his report. "There are whole  laboratories in
the  Vatican  that experiment with tissue  transplants and bone marrow
experiments.  What started as a genetic fluke in the mid 1400's is now
scientifically engineered and bred for. The whole bone transplant idea
started  in  the  mid   sixties  inspired  by   doctor  Timothy  Leary
transplanting deer  bone cells into small white rats." Gillow is quick
to point  out  the  assassination attempt on Pope John Paul II and the
disappearance of Dr.  Leary from the public eye.

"When it becomes time to replace the pope", says Gillow, "The old pope
and the replacement pope are  locked  in a padded  chamber. They  butt
heads much  like  male yaks  fighting for dominance of the  herd.  The
victor emerges and has  earned the privilege of inseminating the choir
boys."


P.
-- 
 moorcockpratchettdenislearydelasoulu2iainmbanksneworderheathersbatmanpjorourke
clive p a u l  m o l o n e y  Come, let us retract the foreskin of misconception
james trinity college dublin  and apply the wire brush of enlightenment - GeoffM
 brownbladerunnersugarcubeselectronicblaylockpowersspikeleekatebushhamcornpizza 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53072
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: free moral agency and Jeff Clark

In article <healta.136.734813153@saturn.wwc.edu>
healta@saturn.wwc.edu (TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>You also said,"Why did millions suffer for what Adam and Ee did?  Seems a
>pretty sick way of going about creating a universe..."
>
>I'm gonna respond by giving a small theology lesson--forgive me, I used
>to be a theology major.
>First of all, I believe that this planet is involved in a cosmic struggle--
>"the Great Controversy betweed Christ and Satan" (i borrowed a book title).
>God has to consider the interests of the entire universe when making
>decisions.
(Deletion)
 
An universe it has created. By the way, can you tell me why it is less
tyrannic to let one of one's own creatures do what it likes to others?
By your definitions, your god has created Satan with full knowledge what
would happen - including every choice of Satan.
 
Can you explain us what Free Will is, and how it goes along with omniscience?
Didn't your god know everything that would happen even before it created the
world? Why is it concerned about being a tyrant when noone would care if
everything was fine for them? That the whole idea comes from the possibility
to abuse power, something your god introduced according to your description?
 
 
By the way, are you sure that you have read the FAQ? Especially the part
about preaching?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53073
From: nancyo@shnext15.ucslabs.sfu.ca (Nancy Patricia O'Connor)
Subject: Re: THE POPE IS JEWISH!

In article <1993Apr15.180024.19308@wam.umd.edu>  
west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:

+Last night, while watching the 2a.m. rebroadcast of Jerry Springer (a
+talk show) I heard this Jewel of a thought from a 12 year old racist. 
+The focus of this show was on these kids and their hatred for the Jewish
+religion, and why.  

[some stuff deleted]

+Interesting (and scary) no?  They went on to say how the Jews had 
+killed their god, and how in the end of time that all the races would
+go to their homelands (of course, they would remain in America, which
+is New Jeruselem, as it says in Gen 2??? (what another kid said) but
+the rest of the races would go home) and then the great battle or plague
+or whatever Revel. says would happen, and the jews would be killed.
+
+The most interesting thing about this was that my roomate is Catholic, 
+and had the KJV of the Bible on his desk.  He immediatly opened it up
+and began to search for the quoted passages (Gen, Rev, and John) to 
+look for himself, and couldn't find what they said they saw.  I don't
+know

I saw this show a while back, and when I heard these kids
quote the Bible to justify their racist claims, I looked up
that quote about Jesus hating Jews (since Jesus himself was a
Jew, my curiousity had been piqued by such a claim).
The jist of the passage (and I am sorry but I can't recall
which passage it was exactly) was that Jesus was condemning
the Pharisees for being corrupt.
Of course, the Pharisees were Jewish too, but it wasn't Jews
as a whole that Jesus was condemning, just the powers that be.

--
Nancy O'Connor		 +
Psychology undergrad     +         The opinions I express
Simon Fraser University, +         are my own.
Burnaby, B.C.            +
CANADA			 +

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53075
From: chrisb@seachg.com (Chris Blask)
Subject: Re: A silly question on x-tianity

werdna@cco.caltech.edu (Andrew Tong) writes:
>mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
>
>>Question 2: This attitude god character seems awfully egotistical
>>and proud.  But Christianity tells people to be humble.  What's the deal?
>
>Well, God pretty much has a right to be "egotistical and proud."  I
>mean, he created _you_, doesn't he have the right to be proud of such
>a job?
>
>Of course, people don't have much of a right to be proud.  What have
>they accomplished that can match God's accomplishments, anyways?  How
>do their abilities compare with those of God's.  We're an "imbecile
>worm of the earth," to quote Pascal.

Grumblegrumble...   

>If you were God, and you created a universe, wouldn't you be just a
>little irked if some self-organizing cell globules on a tiny planet
>started thinking they were as great and awesome as you?

unfortunately the logic falls apart quick: all-perfect > insulted or
threatened by the actions of a lesser creature > actually by offspring >
???????????????????

How/why shuold any all-powerful all-perfect feel either proud or offended?
Anything capable of being aware of the relationship of every aspect of every 
particle in the universe during every moment of time simultaneously should
be able to understand the cause of every action of every 'cell globule' on
each tniy planet...

>Well, actually, now that I think of it, it seems kinda odd that God
>would care at all about the Earth.  OK, so it was a bad example. But
>the amazing fact is that He does care, apparently, and that he was
>willing to make some grand sacrifices to ensure our happiness.

"All-powerful, Owner Of Everything in the Universe Makes Great Sacrifices"
makes a great headline but it doesn't make any sense.  What did he
sacrifice?  Where did it go that he couldn't get it back?  If he gave
something up, who'd he give it up to?

-chris

[you guys have fun, I'm agoin' to Key West!!]

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53078
From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: I don't beleive in you either.

In article <1993Apr13.213055.818@antioc.antioch.edu>, smauldin@antioc.antioch.edu writes:
|> I stopped believing in you as well, long before the invention of technology.
|> 
|> --GOD
|> 

Ahhh go back to alt.autotheism where you belong!

Brian /-|-\

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53081
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

In article <1qid04$fct@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
>
>I don't see anything special about theism in general that makes it a 
>particular hazard (more so than say, stupidity, anarchy, or patriotism).   
>Of course, it depends on the religion, but I see nothing about believing 
>in gods that in and of itself entails or even promotes xenophobia, genocide, 
>etc.  

  If the emphasis is on the "in general", then of course you're
  correct, since you haven't really said anything.  If we restrict
  our observations to practiced religions, there are lots of
  examples of god mandated genocide.  Just ask the Canaanites.  The
  point is that if you believe in a god, and if you believe he has
  ordered you to eliminate an entire race, you will likely make the
  attempt.  After all, if it was OK in the past, it could surely be
  OK in the present.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53082
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: free moral agency and Jeff Clark

In article <sandvik-140493185248@sandvik-kent.apple.com> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:
>
>This is the reason I like the controversy of post-modernism, the
>issues of polarities -- evil and good -- are just artificial 
>constructs, and they fall apart during a closer inspection.
>
>The more I look into the notion of a constant struggle between
>the evil and good forces, the more it sounds like a metaphor
>that people just assume without closer inspection.
>

  More info please.  I'm not well exposed to these ideas.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53083
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1993Apr15.150938.975@news.wesleyan.edu> SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (SCOTT D. SAUYET) writes:
>In <1qabe7INNaff@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu writes:
>
>>> Chimpanzees fight wars over land.
>> 
>> But chimps are almost human...
>> 
>> keith
>
>Could it be?  This is the last message from Mr. Schneider, and it's
>more than three days old!
>
>Are these his final words?  (And how many here would find that
>appropriate?)  Or is it just that finals got in the way?
>

  No. The christians were leary of having an atheist spokesman
  (seems so clandestine, and all that), so they had him removed.  Of
  course, Keith is busy explaining to his fellow captives how he
  isn't really being persecuted, since (after all) they *are*
  feeding him, and any resistance on his part would only be viewed
  as trouble making.  

  I understand he did make a bit of a fuss when they tatooed "In God
  We Trust" on his forehead, though.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53085
From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: New Member

In article <C5HIEw.7s1@portal.hq.videocart.com>, dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
|>   Hello. I just started reading this group today, and I think I am going
|> to be a large participant in its daily postings. I liked the section of
|> the FAQ about constructing logical arguments - well done. I am an atheist,
|> but I do not try to turn other people into atheists. I only try to figure
|> why people believe the way they do - I don't much care if they have a 
|> different view than I do. When it comes down to it . . . I could be wrong.
|> I am willing to admit the possibility - something religious followers 
|> dont seem to have the capability to do.

Welcome aboard!

|> 
|>   I notice alot of posts from Bobby. Why does anybody ever respond to 
|> his posts ? He always falls back on the same argument:

(I think you just answered your own question, there)

|> 
|> "If the religion is followed it will cause no bad"
|> 
|>   He is right. Just because an event was explained by a human to have been
|> done "in the name of religion", does not mean that it actually followed
|> the religion. He will always point to the "ideal" and say that it wasn't
|> followed so it can't be the reason for the event. There really is no way
|> to argue with him, so why bother. Sure, you may get upset because his 
|> answer is blind and not supported factually - but he will win every time
|> with his little argument. I don't think there will be any postings from
|> me in direct response to one of his.

Most responses were against his postings that spouted the fact that
all atheists are fools/evil for not seeing how peachy Islam is.
I would leave the pro/con arguments of Islam to Fred Rice, who is more
level headed and seems to know more on the subject, anyway.

|> 
|>   Happy to be aboard !

How did you know I was going to welcome you abord?!?

|> 
|> Dave Fuller
|> dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com
|> 
|> 

Brian /-|-\

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53086
From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <house.734841689@helios>, house@helios.usq.EDU.AU (ron house) writes:
|> marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall) writes:
|> 
|> >healta@saturn.wwc.edu (TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
|> 
|> >>     you might think "oh yeah. then why didn't god destroy it in the bud 
|> >>before it got to the point it is now--with millions through the 
|> >>ages suffering along in life?"
|> >>      the only answer i know is that satan made the claim that his way was 
|> >>better than God's.  God is allowing satan the chance to prove that his way 
|> >>is better than God's.  we all know what that has brought.     
|> 
|> >Come on!  God is allowing the wishes of one individual to supercede the
|> >well-being of billions?  I seriously doubt it.  Having read the Bible
|> >twice, I never got the impression that God and Satan were working in some
|> >sort of cooperative arrangement.
|> 
|> Read the book of Job.
|> 

Oh, that was just a bet.


Brian /-|-\  

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53087
From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

I'm sold!  Where do I sign up?


Brian /-|-\  The next book: "Charles Manson: Lord, Lunatic, or Liar"

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53090
From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
>die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 
>gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
>someone who was or had been healed.  Call me a fool, but I believe he did 
>heal people.  

Anyone who dies for a "cause" runs the risk of dying for a lie.  As for
people being able to tell if he was a liar, well, we've had grifters and
charlatans since the beginning of civilization.  If David Copperfield had
been the Messiah, I bet he could have found plenty of believers.  
Jesus was hardly the first to claim to be a faith healer, and he wasn't the
first to be "witnessed."  What sets him apart?

>	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
>to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
>anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
>this right away.

Rubbish.  Nations have followed crazies, liars, psychopaths, and 
megalomaniacs throughout history.  Hitler, Tojo, Mussolini, Khomeini,
Qadaffi, Stalin, Papa Doc, and Nixon come to mind...all from this century.
Koresh is a non-issue.


>	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
>real thing.  

Take a discrete mathematics or formal logic course.  There are flaws in your
logic everywhere.  And as I'm sure others will tell you, read the FAQ!


>	Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
>the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.  This in his betrayal 
>and Crucifixion.  I don't have my Bible with me at this moment, next time I 
>write I will use it.

Of course, you have to believe the Bible first.  Just because something is
written in the Bible does not mean it is true, and the age of that tome plus
the lack of external supporting evidence makes it less credible.  So if you
do quote from the Bible in the future, try to back up that quote with 
supporting evidence.  Otherwise, you will get flamed mercilessly.


>	I don't think most people understand what a Christian is.  It 
>is certainly not what I see a lot in churches.  Rather I think it 
>should be a way of life, and a total sacrafice of everything for God's 
>sake.  He loved us enough to die and save us so we should do the 
>same.  Hey we can't do it, God himself inspires us to turn our lives 
>over to him.  That's tuff and most people don't want to do it, to be a 
>real Christian would be something for the strong to persevere at.  But 
>just like weight lifting or guitar playing, drums, whatever it takes 
>time.  We don't rush it in one day, Christianity is your whole life.  
>It is not going to church once a week, or helping poor people once in 
>a while.  We box everything into time units.  Such as work at this 
>time, sports, Tv, social life.  God is above these boxes and should be 
>carried with us into all these boxes that we have created for 
>ourselves.  	  

Just like weight lifting or guitar playing, eh?  I don't know how you 
define the world "total," but I would imagine a "total sacrafice [sp]
of everything for God's sake" would involve more than a time commitment.

You are correct about our tendency to "box everything into time units."
Would you explain HOW one should involove God in sports and (hehehe)
television?
-- 
---                      __  _______                              ---
||| Kevin Marshall       \ \/ /_  _/  Computer Science Department |||
||| Virginia Tech         \  / / /     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu |||
--- Blacksburg, Virginia   \/ /_/                  (703) 232-6529 ---

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53093
From: a137490@lehtori.cc.tut.fi (Aario Sami)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In <kmr4.1466.734160929@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
     
>     "Wait. You just said that humans are rarely reasonable. Doesn't that
>      contradict atheism, where everything is explained through logic and
>      reason? This is THE contradiction in atheism that proves it false."
>           --- Bobby Mozumder proving the existence of Allah, #2

Does anybody have Bobby's post in which he said something like "I don't
know why there are more men than women in islamic countries. Maybe it's
atheists killing the female children"? It's my personal favorite!

-- 
Sami Aario         |  "Can you see or measure an atom? Yet you can explode
a137490@cc.tut.fi  |   one. Sunlight is comprised of many atoms."
-------------------'  "Your stupid minds! Stupid, stupid!"
Eros in "Plan 9 From Outer Space"     DISCLAIMER: I don't agree with Eros.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53094
From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

1.  Did you read the FAQs?

2.  If NO, Read the FAQs.

3.  IF YES, you wouldn't have posted such drivel.  The "Lord, Liar
    or Lunatic" argument is a false trilemma.  Even if you disprove
    Liar and Lunatic (which you haven't), you have not eliminated
    the other possibilities, such as Mistaken, Misdirected, or
    Misunderstood.  You have arbitrarily set up three and only
    three possibilities without considering others.

4.  Read a good book on rhetoric and critical thinking.  If
    you think the "Lord, Liar, or Lunatic" discussion is an
    example of a good argument, you are in need of learning.

5.  Read the FAQs again, especially "Constructing a Logical
    Argument."

Ignore these instructions at your peril.  Disobeying them
leaves you open for righteous flaming.


-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53095
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Slavery (was Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: ...)

> Oh, this all sounds so nice!  Everyone helping each other and always smiling
> and fluffy bunnies everywhere.  Wake up!  People are just not like that.  It
> seems evident from history that no society has succeeded when it had to rely
> upon the goodwill and unselfishness of the people.  Isn't it obvious from
> places like Iran that even if there are only a few greedy people in society
> then they are going to be attracted to positions of power?  Sounds like a
> recipe for disaster.

Looking at historical evidence such 'perfect utopian' islamic states
didn't survive. I agree, people are people, and even if you might
start an Islamic revolution and create this perfect state, it takes 
some time and the internal corruption will destroy the ground rules --
again.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53096
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Slavery (was Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: ...)

In article <1993Apr14.132813.16343@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>,
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) wrote:
> Anyhow, on the basis of the apparent success of Islamic banks, it seems
> to me that the statement that a zero-interest economy cannot survive in
> today's world may be a bit premature.

I'm sure zero-intested economical systems survive on a small-scale,
co-ops is not an Islamic invention, and we have co-operatives working
all around the world. However such systems don't stand the corruption
of a large scale operation. Actually, nothing could handle human
greed, IMHO. Not even Allah :-).

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53097
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: New Member

In article <C5HIEw.7s1@portal.hq.videocart.com>,
dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) wrote:
>   He is right. Just because an event was explained by a human to have been
> done "in the name of religion", does not mean that it actually followed
> the religion. He will always point to the "ideal" and say that it wasn't
> followed so it can't be the reason for the event. There really is no way
> to argue with him, so why bother. Sure, you may get upset because his 
> answer is blind and not supported factually - but he will win every time
> with his little argument. I don't think there will be any postings from
> me in direct response to one of his.

Hey! Glad to have some serious and constructive contributors in this
newsgroup. I agree 100% on the statement above, you might argue with
Bobby for eons, and he still does not get it, so the best thing is
to spare your mental resources to discuss more interesting issues.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53098
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1qjfnv$ogt@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank
O'Dwyer) wrote:
> (1) Does the term "hero-worship" mean anything to you?  

Yes, worshipping Jesus as the super-saver is indeed hero-worshipping
of the grand scale. Worshipping Lenin that will make life pleasant
for the working people is, eh, somehow similar, or what.
 
> (2) I understand that gods are defined to be supernatural, not merely
>     superhuman.
The notion of Lenin was on the borderline of supernatural insights
into how to change the world, he wasn't a communist God, but he was
the man who gave presents to kids during Christmas.
 
> #Actually, I agree. Things are always relative, and you can't have 
> #a direct mapping between a movement and a cause. However, the notion
> #that communist Russia was somewhat the typical atheist country is 
> #only something that Robertson, Tilton et rest would believe in.
> 
> Those atheists were not True Unbelievers, huh?   :-)

Don't know what they were, but they were fanatics indeed.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53099
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <bissda.4.734849678@saturn.wwc.edu>, bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN
LAWRENCE BISSELL) wrote:
> 
> 	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
> makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
> lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
> writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
> in the process he became a Christian himself.

Seems he didn't understand anything about realities, liar, lunatic
or the real thing is a very narrow view of the possibilities of Jesus
message.

Sigh, it seems religion makes your mind/brain filter out anything
that does not fit into your personal scheme. 

So anyone that thinks the possibilities with Jesus is bound to the
classical Lewis notion of 'liar, lunatic or saint' is indeed bound
to become a Christian.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53106
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1qjf31$o7t@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> In article <1qimbe$sp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> #In article <1qif1g$fp3@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> #|> In article <1qialf$p2m@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> #|> 
|> #|> I forget the origin of the quote, but "I gotta use words when I talk to
|> #|> you".  An atheist is one who lacks belief in gods, yes?  If so, then
|> #|> it's entirely plausible that an atheist could dig Lenin or Lennon to
|> #|> such an extent that it might be considered "worship", and still be
|> #|> an atheist.  Anything else seems to be Newspeak.
|> #
|> #Ask yourself the following question.   Would you regard an ardent
|> #Nazi as a republican, simply because Germany no longer had a Kaiser?
|> 
|> No, because that's based on false dichotomy.   There are more options
|> than you present me.  

And that, of course, is the point.   You can't simply divide the
world into atheists and non-atheists on the basis of god-belief.

If all you care about is belief in a supernatural deity, and
have nothing to say about behaviour, then belief in a supernatural
being is your criterion.

But once you start talking about behaviour, then someone's suscept-
ibility to be led by bad people into doing bad things is what you 
are - I assume - worried about.

And in that area, what you care about is whether someone is sceptical,
critical and autonomous on the one hand, or gullible, excitable and
easily led on the other.

I would say that a tendency to worship tyrants and ideologies indicates
that a person is easily led.   Whether they have a worship or belief 
in a supernatural hero rather than an earthly one seems to me to be
beside the point.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53108
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <EDM.93Apr15104322@gocart.twisto.compaq.com>, edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary) writes:
> >>>>> On Thu, 15 Apr 1993 04:54:38 GMT, bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) said:
> 
> DLB> 	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
> DLB> makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
> DLB>lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
> DLB>writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
> DLB> in the process he became a Christian himself.
> 
> Here we go again...

Just the friendly folks at Christian Central, come to save you.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53110
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

In article <1qjipo$pen@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> In article <1qinmd$sp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> #|> 
|> #|> At any rate, even if your interpretation is correct this does 
|> #|> not imply that the killings are religously motivated, which was 
|> #|> the original poster's seeming claim.
|> #
|> #Tricky, tricky.   I'm replying to your blanket claim that they
|> #are *not* religiously motivated.
|> 
|> They aren't.  Irish catholics in the south do not kill Irish protestants
|> in the south, yet have precisely the same history behind them.  Those
|> who think the killings are religously motivated ignore the rather
|> obvious matter of British occupation, partition and misguided patriotism
|> on both sides. 

False dichotomy.  You claimed the killing were *not* religiously
motivated, and I'm saying that's wrong.   I'm not saying that
each and every killing is religiously motivate, as I spelled out
in detail.


|> 
|> The problems fault along the religious divide because at the historical
|> roots of this thing we have a catholic country partitioned and populated
|> by a protestant one.   The grotesque killing of soldiers and 
|> civilians is supposedly motivated by patriotism, civil rights issues, and 
|> revenge.  It's only difficult to understand insofaras insanity is hard 
|> to understand - religion need not be invoked to explain it.  

Does anyone else see the contradiction in this paragraph?


|> #But to claim that "The killings in N.I are not religously 
|> #motivated." is grotesque.   All that means is that the Church
|> #and believers are doing what they always do with history
|> #they can't face: they rewrite it.
|> 
|> You're attacking a different claim.  My claim is that when an IRA
|> terrorist plants a bomb in Warrington s/he does not have as a motive 
|> the greater glory of God. 

Sorry, Frank, but what I put in quotes is your own words from your
posting <1qi83b$ec4@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>.  Don't tell us now that 
it's a different claim.   If you can no longer stand behind your 
original claim, just say so.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53111
From: sieferme@stein.u.washington.edu (Eric Sieferman)
Subject: Re: I don't beleive in you either.

In article <1993Apr13.213055.818@antioc.antioch.edu> smauldin@antioc.antioch.edu writes:
>I stopped believing in you as well, long before the invention of technology.
>
>--GOD
>

Don't listen to this guy, he's just a crank.  At first, this business
about being the "one true god" was tolerated by the rest of us,
but now it has gotten completely out of hand.

Besides, it really isn't so bad when people stop believing in you.
It's much more relaxing when mortals aren't always begging you for favors.

-- ZEUS


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53112
From: a137490@lehtori.cc.tut.fi (Aario Sami)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In <1993Apr9.154316.19778@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

>In article <kmr4.1483.734243128@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
 
>>	If I state that I know that there is a green marble in a closed box, 
>>which I have _never_ seen, nor have any evidence for its existance; I would
>>be guilty of deceit, even if there is, in fact, a green marble inside.
>>
>>	The question of whether or not there is a green marble inside, is 
>>irrelevent.

>You go ahead and play with your marbles.

I love it, I love it, I love it!! Wish I could fit all that into a .sig
file! (If someone is keeping a list of Bobby quotes, be sure to include
this one!)

>>
>>	Stating an unproven opinion as a fact, is deceit. And, knowingly 
>>being decietful is a falsehood and a lie.

>So why do you think its an unproven opinion?  If I said something as
>fact but you think its opinion because you do not accept it, then who's
>right?

The Flat-Earthers state that "the Earth is flat" is a fact. I don't accept
this, I think it's an unproven opinion, and I think the Round-Earthers are
right because they have better evidence than the Flat-Earthers do.

Although I can't prove that a god doesn't exist, the arguments used to
support a god's existence are weak and often self-contradictory, and I'm not
going to believe in a god unless someone comes over to me and gives me a
reason to believe in a god that I absolutely can't ignore.

A while ago, I read an interesting book by a fellow called Von Daenicken,
in which he proved some of the wildest things, and on the last page, he
wrote something like "Can you prove it isn't so?" I certainly can't, but
I'm not going to believe him, because he based his "proof" on some really
questionable stuff, such as old myths (he called it "circumstancial
evidence" :] ).

So far, atheism hasn't made me kill anyone, and I'm regarded as quite an
agreeable fellow, really. :)
-- 
Sami Aario         |  "Can you see or measure an atom? Yet you can explode
a137490@cc.tut.fi  |   one. Sunlight is comprised of many atoms."
-------------------'  "Your stupid minds! Stupid, stupid!"
Eros in "Plan 9 From Outer Space"     DISCLAIMER: I don't agree with Eros.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53113
From: David.Rice@ofa123.fidonet.org
Subject: islamic authority [sic] over women

 
who: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
what: <kmr4.1426.733987668@po.cwru.edu>
with: rush@leland.Stanford.EDU 
what: <1993Apr5.050524.9361@leland.Stanford.EDU>
 
>>> Other readers: I just joined, but is this guy for real?
>>> I'm simply amazed.
 
KR> "Sadly yes. Don't loose any sleep over Old 'Zlumber. Just
KR> have some fun with him, but he is basically harmless. 
KR> At least, if you don't work in NY city."
 
I don't find it hard to believe that "Ole 'Zlumber" really believes
the hate and ignorant prattle he writes. The frightening thought is,
there are people even worse than he! To say that feminism equals
"superiority" over men is laughable as long as he doesn't then proceed
to pick up a rifle and start to shoot women as a preemptive strike---
aka the Canada slaughter that occured a few years ago. But then, men
killing women is nothing new. Islamic Fundamentalists just have a
"better" excuse (Qu'ran).
 
    from the Vancouver Sun, Thursday, October 4, 1990
    by John Davidson, Canadian Press
 
    MONTREAL-- Perhaps it's the letter to the five-year old
    daughter that shocks the most.
 
    "I hope one day you will be old enough to understand what
    happened to your parents," wrote Patrick Prevost. "I loved
    your mother with a passion that went as far as hatred."
 
    Police found the piece of paper near Prevost's body in his
    apartment in northeast Montreal.
 
    They say the 39-year-old mechanic committed suicide after
    killing his wife, Jocelyne Parent, 31.
 
    The couple had been separated for a month and the woman had
    gone to his apartment to talk about getting some more money
    for food. A violent quarrel broke out and Prevost attacked
    his wife with a kitchen knife, cutting her throat, police said.
 
    She was only the latest of 13 women slain by a husband or
    lover in Quebec in the last five weeks.
 
    Five children have also been slain as a result of the same
    domestic "battles."
 
    Last year in Quebec alone, 29 [women] were slain by their
    husbands. That was more than one-third of such cases across
    Canada, according to statistics from the Canadian Centre for
    Justice. [rest of article ommited]
 
Then to say that women are somehow "better" or "should" be the
one to "stay home" and raise a child is also laughable. Women
have traditionally done hard labor to support a family, often 
more than men in many cultures, throughout history. Seems to me
it takes at least two adults to raise a child, and that BOTH should
stay home to do so!

--- Maximus 2.01wb

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53114
Subject: Re: Feminism and Islam, again
From: kmagnacca@eagle.wesleyan.edu

In article <1993Apr14.030334.8650@ultb.isc.rit.edu>, snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
> In article <1993Apr11.145519.1@eagle.wesleyan.edu> kmagnacca@eagle.wesleyan.edu writes:
>>
>>There's a way around that via the hadith, which state that silence is
>>taken to mean "yes" and that women may not speak before a judge, who
>>must conduct the marriage.
> 
> Actaully, that's a false hadith, because it contradicts verses in the
> Quran, that says women may testify- speak before a judge.
> 
> Hadiths are declared false when they contradict the Quran.  Hadiths
> weren't written during the revelation or during the life of the prophet,
> and so may contain errors.

So the only way you can tell a false hadith from a true one is
if it contradicts the Quran?  What if it relates to something
that isn't explicitly spelled out in the Quran?

Also, the Quran wasn't written down during the life of Muhammed
either.  It wasn't long after, but 20 years or so is still long
enough to shift a few verses around.

Karl
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| "Lastly, I come to China in the hope      | "All you touch and all you see  |
| of fulfilling a lifelong ambition -       | Is all your life will ever be." |
| dropping acid on the Great Wall."  --Duke |                 --Pink Floyd    |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|         A Lie is still a Lie even if 3.8 billion people believe it.         |
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53117
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1993Apr15.125245.12872@abo.fi> MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka) writes:
|In <1qie61$fkt@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp writes:
|> In article <30114@ursa.bear.com> halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
|
|> #I'm one of those people who does not know what the word objective means 
|> #when put next to the word morality.  I assume its an idiom and cannot
|> #be defined by its separate terms.
|> #
|> #Give it a try.
|> 
|> Objective morality is morality built from objective values.
|
|      "And these objective values are ... ?"
|Please be specific, and more importantly, motivate.

I'll take a wild guess and say Freedom is objectively valuable.  I base
this on the assumption that if everyone in the world were deprived utterly
of their freedom (so that their every act was contrary to their volition),
almost all would want to complain.  Therefore I take it that to assert or
believe that "Freedom is not very valuable", when almost everyone can see
that it is, is every bit as absurd as to assert "it is not raining" on
a rainy day.  I take this to be a candidate for an objective value, and it
it is a necessary condition for objective morality that objective values
such as this exist.

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53118
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <1993Apr14.121134.12187@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:

>>In article <C5C7Cn.5GB@ra.nrl.navy.mil> khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil (Umar Khan) writes:

>I just borrowed a book from the library on Khomeini's fatwa etc.

>I found this useful passage regarding the legitimacy of the "fatwa":

>"It was also common knowledge as prescribed by Islamic law, that the
>sentence was only applicable where the jurisdiction of Islamic law
>applies.  Moreover, the sentence has to be passed by an Islamic court
>and executed by the state machinery through the due process of the law.
>Even in Islamic countries, let alone in non-Muslim lands, individuals
>cannot take the law into their own hands.  The sentence when passed,
>must be carried out by the state through the usual machinery and not by
>individuals.  Indeed it becomes a criminal act to take the law into
>one's own hands and punish the offender unless it is in the process of
>self-defence.  Moreover, the offender must be brought to the notice of
>the court and it is the court who shoud decide how to deal with him.
>This law applies equally to Muslim as well as non-Muslim territories.


I agree fully with the above statement and is *precisely* what I meant
by my previous statements about Islam not being anarchist and the
law not being _enforcible_ despite the _law_ being applicable. 


>Hence, on such clarification from the ulama [Islamic scholars], Muslims
>in Britain before and after Imam Khomeini's fatwa made it very clear
>that since Islamic law is not applicable to Britain, the hadd
>[compulsory] punishment cannot be applied here."


I disagree with this conclusion about the _applicability_ of the 
Islamic law to all muslims, wherever they may be. The above conclusion 
does not strictly follow from the foregoing, but only the conclusion 
that the fatwa cannot be *enforced* according to Islamic law. However, 
I do agree that the punishment cannot be applied to Rushdie even *were*
it well founded.

>Wow... from the above, it looks like that from an Islamic viewpoint
>Khomeini's "fatwa" constitutes a "criminal act" .... perhaps I could
>even go out on a limb and call Khomeini a "criminal" on this basis....


Certainly putting a price on the head of Rushdie in Britain is a criminal 
act according to Islamic law. 


>Anyhow, I think it is understood by _knowledgeable_ Muslims that
>Khomeini's "fatwa" is Islamically illegitimate, at least on the basis
>expounded above.  Others, such as myself and others who have posted here
>(particularly Umar Khan and Gregg Jaeger, I think) go further and say
>that even the punishment constituted in the fatwa is against Islamic law
>according to our understanding.

Yes.





Gregg

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53120
From:  (Rashid)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr14.131032.15644@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>,
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) wrote:
> 
> It is my understanding that it is generally agreed upon by the ulema
> [Islamic scholars] that Islamic law applies only in an Islamic country,
> of which the UK is not.  Furthermore, to take the law into one's own
> hands is a criminal act, as these are matters for the state, not for
> individuals.  Nevertheless, Khomeini offered a cash prize for people to
> take the law into their own hands -- something which, to my
> understanding, is against Islamic law.

Yes, this is also my understanding of the majority of Islamic laws.
However, I believe there are also certain legal rulings which, in all
five schools of law (4 sunni and 1 jaffari), can be levelled against
muslim or non-muslims, both within and outside dar-al-islam. I do
not know if apostasy (when accompanied by active, persistent, and
open hostility to Islam) falls into this category of the law. I do know
that
historically, apostasy has very rarely been punished at all, let alone
by the death penalty.

My understanding is that Khomeini's ruling was not based on the
law of apostasy (alone). It was well known that Rushdie was an apostate
long before he wrote the offending novel and certainly there is no
precedent in the Qur'an, hadith, or in Islamic history for indiscriminantly
levelling death penalties for apostasy.

I believe the charge levelled against Rushdie was that of "fasad". This
ruling applies both within and outside the domain of an
Islamic state and it can be carried out by individuals. The reward was
not offered by Khomeini but by individuals within Iran.


> Stuff deleted
> Also, I think you are muddying the issue as you seem to assume that
> Khomeini's fatwa was issued due to the _distribution_ of the book.  My
> understanding is that Khomeini's fatwa was issued in response to the
> _writing_ and _publishing_ of the book.  If my view is correct, then
> your viewpoint that Rushdie was sentenced for a "crime in progress" is
> incorrect.
> 
I would concur that the thrust of the fatwa (from what I remember) was
levelled at the author and all those who assisted in the publication
of the book. However, the charge of "fasad" can encompass a
number of lesser charges. I remember that when diplomatic relations
broke off between Britain and Iran over the fatwa - Iran stressed that
the condemnation of the author, and the removal of the book from
circulation were two preliminary conditions for resolving the
"crisis". But you are correct to point out that banning the book was not
the main thrust behind the fatwa. Islamic charges such as fasad are
levelled at people, not books.

The Rushdie situation was followed in Iran for several months before the
issuance of the fatwa. Rushdie went on a media blitz,
presenting himself as a lone knight guarding the sacred values of
secular democracy and mocking the foolish concerns of people
crazy enough to actually hold their religious beliefs as sacred. 
Fanning the flames and milking the controversy to boost
his image and push the book, he was everywhere in the media. Then
Muslim demonstrators in several countries were killed while
protesting against the book. Rushdie appeared momentarily
concerned, then climbed back on his media horse to once again
attack the Muslims and defend his sacred rights. It was at this
point that the fatwa on "fasad" was issued.

The fatwa was levelled at the person of Rushdie - any actions of
Rushdie that feed the situation contribute to the legitimization of
the ruling. The book remains in circulation not by some independant
will of its own but by the will of the author and the publishers. The fatwa
against the person of Rushdie encompasses his actions as well. The
crime was certainly a crime in progress (at many levels) and was being
played out (and played up) in the the full view of the media.

P.S. I'm not sure about this but I think the charge of "shatim" also
applies to Rushdie and may be encompassed under the umbrella
of the "fasad" ruling.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53121
From:  (Rashid)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

> What about the Twelve Imams, who he considered incapable of error
> or sin? Khomeini supports this view of the Twelve Imans. This is
> heresy for the very reasons I gave above. 

I would be happy to discuss the  issue of the 12 Imams with you, although
my preference would be to move the discussion to another
newsgroup.  I feel a philosophy
or religion group would be more appropriate. The topic is deeply
embedded in the world view of Islam and the
esoteric teachings of the Prophet (S.A.). Heresy does not enter
into it at all except for those who see Islam only as an exoteric
religion that is only nominally (if at all) concerned with the metaphysical
substance of man's being and nature.

A good introductory book (in fact one of the best introductory
books to Islam in general) is Murtaza Mutahhari's "Fundamental's
of Islamic Thought - God, Man, and the Universe" - Mizan Press,
translated by R. Campbell. Truly a beautiful book. A follow-up book
(if you can find a decent translation) is "Wilaya - The Station
of the Master" by the same author. I think it also goes under the
title of "Master and Mastership" - It's a very small book - really
just a transcription of a lecture by the author.
The introduction to the beautiful "Psalms of Islam" - translated
by William C. Chittick (available through Muhammadi Trust of
Great Britain) is also an excellent introduction to the subject. We
have these books in our University library - I imagine any well
stocked University library will have them.

From your posts, you seem fairly well versed in Sunni thought. You
should seek to know Shi'ite thought through knowledgeable 
Shi'ite authors as well - at least that much respect is due before the
charge of heresy is levelled.

As salaam a-laikum

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53122
From: davec@silicon.csci.csusb.edu (Dave Choweller)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1qif1g$fp3@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
>In article <1qialf$p2m@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>|In article <1qi921$egl@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
[stuff deleted...]
>||> To the newsgroup at large, how about this for a deal: recognise that what 
>||> happened in former Communist Russia has as much bearing on the validity 
>||> of atheism as has the doings of sundry theists on the validity of their 
>||> theism.  That's zip, nada, none.  The fallacy is known as ad hominem, and 
>||> it's an old one. It should be in the Holy FAQ, in the Book of Constructing
>||> a Logical Argument :-)
>|
>|Apart from not making a lot of sense, this is wrong.   There
>|is no "atheist creed" that taught any communist what to do "in
>|the name of atheism".   There clearly are theistic creeds and
>|instructions on how to act for theists.    They all madly
>|conflict with one another, but that's another issue.
>
>Lack of instructions on how to act might also be evil.

That's like saying that, since mathematics includes no instructions on
how to act, it is evil.  Atheism is not a moral system, so why should
it speak of instructions on how to act?  *Atheism is simply lack of
belief in God*.

  Plenty of theists
>think so.   So one could argue the case for "atheism causes whatever
>I didn't like about the former USSR" with as much validity as "theism
>causes genocide" - that is to say, no validity at all.

I think the argument that a particular theist system causes genocide
can be made more convincingly than an argument that atheism causes genocide.
This is because theist systems contain instructions on how to act,
and one or more of these can be shown to cause genocide.  However, since
the atheist set of instructions is the null set, how can you show that
atheism causes genocide?
--
David Choweller (davec@silicon.csci.csusb.edu)

There are scores of thousands of human insects who are
ready at a moment's notice to reveal the Will of God on
every possible subject.          --George Bernard Shaw.
-- 
There are scores of thousands of human insects who are
ready at a moment's notice to reveal the Will of God on
every possible subject.          --George Bernard Shaw.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53123
Subject: Re: The nonexistance of Atheists?!
From: kmagnacca@eagle.wesleyan.edu

In article <bskendigC5JCwx.Jzn@netcom.com>, bskendig@netcom.com (Brian Kendig) writes:
>
> [s.c.a quotes deleted]
> 
> It really looks like these people have no idea at all of what it means
> to be atheist.  There are more Bobby Mozumder clones in the world than
> I thought...

Well, that explains some things; I posted on soc.religion.islam
with an attached quote by Bobby to the effect that all atheists
are lying evil scum, and asked if it was a commonly-held idea
among muslims.  I got no response.  Asking about the unknown,
I guess...

Karl
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| "Lastly, I come to China in the hope      | "All you touch and all you see  |
| of fulfilling a lifelong ambition -       | Is all your life will ever be." |
| dropping acid on the Great Wall."  --Duke |                 --Pink Floyd    |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|         A Lie is still a Lie even if 3.8 billion people believe it.         |
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53124
From: sieferme@stein.u.washington.edu (Eric Sieferman)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <bissda.4.734849678@saturn.wwc.edu> bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

It appears that Walla Walla College will fill the same role in alt.atheist
that Allegheny College fills in alt.fan.dan-quayle.

>	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
>makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
>lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
>writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
>in the process he became a Christian himself.

Converts to xtianity have this tendency to excessively darken their
pre-xtian past, frequently falsely.  Anyone who embarks on an
effort to "destroy" xtianity is suffering from deep megalomania, a
defect which is not cured by religious conversion.

>	The arguements he uses I am summing up.  The book is about whether 
>Jesus was God or not.  I know many of you don't believe, but listen to a 
>different perspective for we all have something to gain by listening to what 
>others have to say.  

Different perspective?  DIFFERENT PERSPECTIVE??  BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!

>	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.

(sigh!)  Perhaps Big J was just mistaken about some of his claims.
Perhaps he was normally insightful, but had a few off days.  Perhaps
many (most?) of the statements attributed to Jesus were not made by
him, but were put into his mouth by later authors.  Other possibilities
abound.  Surely, someone seriously examining this question could
come up with a decent list of possible alternatives, unless the task
is not serious examination of the question (much less "destroying"
xtianity) but rather religious salesmanship.

>	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
>die for a lie?

How many Germans died for Nazism?  How many Russians died in the name
of the proletarian dictatorship?  How many Americans died to make the
world safe for "democracy".  What a silly question!

>Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 
>gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
>someone who was or had been healed.  Call me a fool, but I believe he did 
>heal people.  

Is everyone who performs a healing = God?

>	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
>to someone who was crazy.

It's probably hard to "draw" an entire nation to you unless you 
are crazy.

>Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
>anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
>this right away.
>	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
>real thing.  

Anyone who is convinced by this laughable logic deserves
to be a xtian.

>	Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
>the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.  This in his betrayal 
>and Crucifixion.  I don't have my Bible with me at this moment, next time I 
>write I will use it.

Don't bother.  Many of the "prophecies" were "fulfilled" only in the
eyes of xtian apologists, who distort the meaning of Isaiah and
other OT books.




Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53125
From: a137490@lehtori.cc.tut.fi (Aario Sami)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

[deletions...]

In <1993Apr13.184227.1191@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

>I really don't think you can imagine what it is like to be infinite.

First of all, infinity is a mathematical concept created by humans
to explain certain things in a certain way. We don't know if it actually
applies to reality, we don't know if anything in the world is infinite.

>It wouldn't be able to
>comprehend what reality is like for the programmer, because that would
>require an infinite memory or whatever because reality is continuous and
>based on infinietely small units- no units.

You don't know if the universe is actually continuous. Continuum is another
mathematical concept (based on infinity) used to explain things in a certain
way.

>Because humans do not know what infinite is.  We call it something
>beyond numbers.  We call it endless, but we do not know what it is.

I have a pretty good idea of what infinity is. It's a man-made concept, and
like many man-made concepts, it has evolved through time. Ancient Greeks had
a different understanding of it.

>So, we can call Allah infinitely powerful, knowledgeable, etc.., yet we
>cannot imagine what Allah actually is, because we just cannot imagine
>what it is like to be infinite.

Precicely. We don't even know if infinity applies to reality.

-- 
Sami Aario         |  "Can you see or measure an atom? Yet you can explode
a137490@cc.tut.fi  |   one. Sunlight is comprised of many atoms."
-------------------'  "Your stupid minds! Stupid, stupid!"
Eros in "Plan 9 From Outer Space"     DISCLAIMER: I don't agree with Eros.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53126
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <115468@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> In article <1qg79g$kl5@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >You are amazed that I find it difficult to grasp it when
|> >people justify death-threats against Rushdie with the 
|> >claim "he was born Muslim?"
|> 
|> This is empty rhetoric. I am amazed at your inability to understand what
|> I am saying not that you find it difficult to "grasp it when people
|> justify death-threats...". I find it amazing that your ability to
|> consider abstract questions in isolation. You seem to believe in the
|> falsity of principles by the consequence of their abuse. You must *hate*
|> physics!

You're closer than you might imagine.   I certainly despised living
under the Soviet regime when it purported to organize society according
to what they fondly imagined to be the "objective" conclusions of
Marxist dialectic.

But I don't hate Physics so long as some clown doesn't start trying
to control my life on the assumption that we are all interchangeable
atoms, rather than individual human beings.

jon. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53127
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

In article <66486@mimsy.umd.edu>, mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
|> Jeff West writes:
|> 
|> >You claimed that people that took the time to translate the bible would
|> >also take the time to get it right.  But here in less than a couple
|> >generations you've been given ample proof (agreed to by yourself above)
|> >that the "new" versions "tends to be out of step with other modern
|> >translations."
|> 
|> What I said was that people took time to *copy* *the* *text* correctly.
|> Translations present completely different issues.

So why do I read in the papers that the Qumram texts had "different
versions" of some OT texts.   Did I misunderstand?

jon. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53130
From: a137490@lehtori.cc.tut.fi (Aario Sami)
Subject: Re: note to Bobby M.

In <1993Apr10.191100.16094@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

>Insults about the atheistic genocide was totally unintentional.  Under
>atheism, anything can happen, good or bad, including genocide.

And you know why this is? Because you've conveniently _defined_ a theist as
someone who can do no wrong, and you've _defined_ people who do wrong as
atheists. The above statement is circular (not to mention bigoting), and,
as such, has no value.
-- 
Sami Aario         |  "Can you see or measure an atom? Yet you can explode
a137490@cc.tut.fi  |   one. Sunlight is comprised of many atoms."
-------------------'  "Your stupid minds! Stupid, stupid!"
Eros in "Plan 9 From Outer Space"     DISCLAIMER: I don't agree with Eros.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53131
From:  (Rashid)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <1993Apr14.121134.12187@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>,
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) wrote:
> 
> >In article <C5C7Cn.5GB@ra.nrl.navy.mil> khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil (Umar Khan) writes:
Stuff deleted
> >>What we should be demanding, is for Khomeini and his ilk to publicly
> >>come clean and to show their proof that Islamic Law punishes
> >>apostacy with death or that it tolerates any similar form of
> >>coversion of freedom of conscience.

All five schools of law (to the best of my knowledge) support the
death sentence for apostasy WHEN it is accompanied by open, persistent,
and aggravated hostility to Islam. Otherwise
I agree, there is no legal support for punishment of disbelief.
The Qur'an makes it clear that belief is a matter of conscience. Public
or private disavowal of Islam or conversion to another faith is not
punishable (there are some jurists who have gone against this
trend and insisted that apostasy is punishable (even by death) - but
historically they are the exception.

Cursing and Insulting the Prophets falls under the category of "Shatim".

> 
> I just borrowed a book from the library on Khomeini's fatwa etc.
>Lots of stuff deleted<
> 
> And, according to the above analysis, it looks like Khomeini's offering
> of a reward for Rushdie's death in fact constitutes a criminal act
> according to Islamic law.

Please see my post under "Re: Yet more Rushdie (ISLAMIC LAW)".

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53132
From: naren@tekig1.PEN.TEK.COM (Naren Bala)
Subject: Re: Slavery (was Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: ...)

In article <sandvik-150493144638@sandvik-kent.apple.com> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:
>Looking at historical evidence such 'perfect utopian' islamic states
>didn't survive. I agree, people are people, and even if you might
>start an Islamic revolution and create this perfect state, it takes 
>some time and the internal corruption will destroy the ground rules --
>again.
>

Nothing is perfect. Nothing is perpetual. i.e. even if it is perfect,
it isn't going to stay that way forever. 

Perpetual machines cannot exist. I thought that there
were some laws in mechanics or thermodynamics stating that.

Not an atheist
BN
--
---------------------------------------------------------------------
- Naren Bala (Software Evaluation Engineer)
- HOME: (503) 627-0380		WORK: (503) 627-2742
- All standard disclaimers apply. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53133
From: <MVS104@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1993Apr15.150938.975@news.wesleyan.edu>, SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu
(SCOTT D. SAUYET) says:

>Are these his final words?  (And how many here would find that
>appropriate?)  Or is it just that finals got in the way?

>Keep your fingers crossed!

Why should I keep my fingers crossed? I doubt it would do anything. :)

Martin Schulte

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53134
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1qkq9t$66n@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> 
|> I'll take a wild guess and say Freedom is objectively valuable.  I base
|> this on the assumption that if everyone in the world were deprived utterly
|> of their freedom (so that their every act was contrary to their volition),
|> almost all would want to complain.  Therefore I take it that to assert or
|> believe that "Freedom is not very valuable", when almost everyone can see
|> that it is, is every bit as absurd as to assert "it is not raining" on
|> a rainy day.  I take this to be a candidate for an objective value, and it
|> it is a necessary condition for objective morality that objective values
|> such as this exist.

My own personal and highly subjective opinion is that freedom
is a good thing.

However, when I here people assert that the only "true" freedom
is in following the words of this and that Messiah, I realise
that people don't even agree on the meaning of the word.

What does it mean to say that word X represents an objective
value when word X has no objective meaning?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53135
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

In article <1qi156INNf9n@senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU>, tcbruno@athena.mit.edu (Tom Bruno) writes:
> 
> Wow.  Leave your terminal for a few months and everyone you remember goes
> away-- how depressing.  Actually, there are a few familiar faces out there,
> counting Bob and Kent, but I don't seem to recognize anyone else.  Has anyone
> heard from Graham Matthews recently, or has he gotten his degree and sailed
> for Greener Pastures (tm)?  
> 
> Which brings me to the point of my posting.  How many people out there have 
> been around alt.atheism since 1990?  I've done my damnedest to stay on top of
> the newsgroup, but when you fall behind, you REALLY fall behind (it's still not
> as bad as rec.arts.startrek used to be, but I digress).  Has anyone tried to
> keep up with the deluge?  Inquiring minds want to know!  Also-- does anyone
> keep track of where the more infamous posters to alt.atheism end up, once they
> leave the newsgroup?  Just curious, I guess.
> 
> cheers,
> tom bruno


I am one of those people who always willl have unlimited stores of unfounded
respect for people who have been on newsgroups/mailing lists longer than I
have, so you certainly have my sympathy Tom.  I have only been semi-regularly
posting (it is TOUGHto keep up) since this February, but I have been reading
and following the threads since last August: my school's newsreader was down
for months and our incompetent computing services never bothered to find a new
feed site, so it wasn't accepting outgoing postings.  I don't think anyone
keeps track of where other posters go: it's that old love 'em and leave 'em
Internet for you again...


best regards,

********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
*				   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53136
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <bissda.4.734849678@saturn.wwc.edu>, bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:
> 	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 

That's okay:  it's what all the rest of them who come on here say...

> makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
> lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
> writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
> in the process he became a Christian himself.

This isn't the guy who was a lawyer was he?  Could you give more info on this
guy (never mind- I'm sure there will be PLENTY of responses to this post, and
it will appear there)

> 	The arguements he uses I am summing up.  The book is about whether 
> Jesus was God or not.  I know many of you don't believe, but listen to a 
> different perspective for we all have something to gain by listening to what 
> others have to say.

This is true.  Make sure it is true for ALL cases.
  
> 	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a

Why not both?  ;)
 
> modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.
> 	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
> die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  

Why not die for a lie?  If you were poverty stricken and alunatic, sounds
perfecetly reasoable to me.  As to whether the societal dregs he had for
followers would be able to tell if he was a liar or not, not necessarily.
Even if he died for what he believed in, this still makes him completely
selfish.  Like us all.  So what's the difference.


People 
> gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
> someone who was or had been healed.  Call me a fool, but I believe he did 
> heal people.  

There is no historical proof of this (see earlier threads).  Besides, he (or at
least his name), have been the cause of enough deaths to make up for whatever
healing he gave.


> 	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
> to someone who was crazy.  

SIEG HEIL!!


>Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
> anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
> this right away.
>

Who is David Koresh?  I am curious.

 	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
> real thing.  

How does this follow?  Your definition of lunatic (and "disproof" thereof seem
rather... uhhh.. SHAKY)

> 	Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
> the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.  This in his betrayal 
> and Crucifixion.  I don't have my Bible with me at this moment, next time I 
> write I will use it.

Good idea.

> 	I don't think most people understand what a Christian is.  It 
> is certainly not what I see a lot in churches. 

Naturally, those or not TRUE Christians, right?  ;)

> Rather I think it 
> should be a way of life, and a total sacrafice of everything for God's 
> sake.  He loved us enough to die and save us so we should do the 
> same.  Hey we can't do it, God himself inspires us to turn our lives 
> over to him.  That's tuff and most people don't want to do it, to be a 
> real Christian would be something for the strong to persevere at.  But 
> just like weight lifting or guitar playing, drums, whatever it takes 
> time.  We don't rush it in one day, Christianity is your whole life.  
> It is not going to church once a week, or helping poor people once in 
> a while.  We box everything into time units.  Such as work at this 
> time, sports, Tv, social life.  God is above these boxes and should be 
> carried with us into all these boxes that we have created for 
> ourselves.  	  


Someone else handle this, I don't know if it's worth it... *sigh*


********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
*				   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53137
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

In article <1993Apr15.050750.3893@nuscc.nus.sg>, cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes:
> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:
> : In article <1q338l$cva@uxa.ecn.bgu.edu>, gsu0033@uxa.ecn.bgu.edu (Eric
> : Molas) wrote:
> : > Christianity is an infectious cult.  The reasons it flourishes are 
> : > because 1) it gives people without hope or driven purpose in life
> : > a safety blanked to hide behind.  "Oh wow..all i have to do is 
> : > follow this christian moral standard and I get eternal happiness."
> : 
> : I agree that in many cases primitive emotional feelings based on
> : 'haha, you won't laugh in hell' mentalities makes certain religions
> : very attractive for certain personalities.
> 
> I agree with both of u, but I would like to make a small point.  Xtianity, &
> other dogmatic religions, not only attract people without hope etc but
> also attract "average" people as well.  I believe that Xtainity, thru
> its escapist doctrines & absolutist attitudes, provides great psychological 
> shelter from day-to-day frustrations, unhappiness & fear of uncertainty 
> & unknown etc.
>

This is a good point, but I think "average" people do not take up Christianity
so much out of fear or escapism, but, quite simply, as a way to improve their
social life, or to get more involved with American culture, if they are kids of
immigrants for example.  Since it is the overwhelming major religion in the
Western World (in some form or other), it is simply the choice people take if
they are bored and want to do something new with their lives, but not somethong
TOO new, or TOO out of the ordinary.  Seems a little weak, but as long as it
doesn't hurt anybody...
 
> The Buddha had something to say about the attractiveness of religions:
> 
>    "When driven by fear, man worships sacred mountains, sacred stones, 
> 	and sacred trees." 
> 
> However, the Buddha also said,
> 
> 	"If somebody finds peace in any religion, let him be".
> 
> 

These are good quotes, and I agree with both of them, but let's make sure to
alter the scond one so that includes something like "...let him be, as long as
he is not preventing others from finding their peace." or something like that. 
(Of course, I suppose, if someone were REALLY "at peace", there would be no
need for inflicting evangelism)


> Personally, I feel that since religion have such a poweful
> psychological effect, we should let theists be.  But the problem is that
> religions cause enormous harm to non-believers and to humanity as a whole
> (holy wars, inquisitions, inter-religious hatred, impedence of science
> & intellectual progress, us-&-them attitudes etc etc.  Need I say more?).
> I really don't know what we can do about them.  Any comments?
> 
Well, it is a sure thing we will have to live with them all our lives.  Their
popularity seems to come and go.  I remember when I first entered High School,
I was an atheist (always had been) and so were about 7 of my friends.  At this
time, 5 of those 7 have converted, always to Christianity (they were all also
immigrants from Taiwan, or sons of immigrants, hence my earlier gross
generalization).  Christianity seems a lot more popular to people now than it
ever has before (since I've been noticing).  Maybe it is just my perceptions
that are chagning.  Who knows?
I for one am perfectly willing to live and let live with them, so long as we
have some set of abstract rights/agreements on how we should treat each other:
I have no desire to be hurt by them or their notions.  For all the well-put
arguments on this usenet, it never does any good.  Argumentation does not
really seem to apply to Christians (or even some atheists)- it must simply be a
step the person takes naturally, almost, "instinctively"...


best regards,

********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
*				   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************
>
--
> 
> The UnEnlightened One
> ------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
>                   | "Buddhism has the characteristics of what would be 
> Tan Chade Meng    | expected in a cosmic religion for the future: it
> Singapore         | transcends a personal God, avoids dogmas and theology;
> cmtan@iss.nus.sg  | it covers both the natural & spiritual, and it is
>                   | based on a religious sense aspiring from the experience
>                   | of all things, natural and spiritual, as a meaningful
>                   | unity"     --  Einstein
> ------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
> 
> 
> 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53139
From: geoff@East.Sun.COM (Geoff Arnold @ Sun BOS - R.H. coast near the top)
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

Your posting provoked me into checking my save file for memorable
posts. The first I captured was by Ken Arromdee on 19 Feb 1990, on the
subject "Re: atheist too?". That was article #473 here; your question
was article #53766, which is an average of about 48 articles a day for
the last three years. As others have noted, the current posting rate is
such that my kill file is depressing large...... Among the posting I
saved in the early days were articles from the following notables:

>From: loren@sunlight.llnl.gov (Loren Petrich)
>From: jchrist@nazareth.israel.rel (Jesus Christ of Nazareth)
>From: mrc@Tomobiki-Cho.CAC.Washington.EDU (Mark Crispin)
>From: perry@apollo.HP.COM (Jim Perry)
>From: lippard@uavax0.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)
>From: minsky@media.mit.edu (Marvin Minsky)

An interesting bunch.... I wonder where #2 is?
---
Geoff Arnold, PC-NFS architect, Sun Select. (geoff.arnold@East.Sun.COM)
--------------------------------------------------+-------------------
"What if they made the whole thing up?            | "The Great Lie" by
 Four guys, two thousand years ago, over wine..." |    The Tear Garden


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53140
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:

>>I think that you are confusing the words "objective" and "inherent."
>>And objective system is simply one in which an outside observer who,
>>given the postulates of the system, could perfectly judge any situation
>>or action as consistent with the system (right) or not (wrong).  You seem
>>to be objecting because the goals of the system are not inherent.  That is,
>>you seem to want to define an objective system as one in which the
>>postulates themselves could be determined by some outside observer.
>>I don't think that this is a good definition of an objective system.
>Then you need to learn English.

Really>`?

>Gravity is an objective system.  Anybody can learn what it is, and perform
>experiments.  They will get the same results as every other person who
>has performed those experiments.

No, gravity is an inherent system.  You don't need any excess information
other than observations to determine anything.  It is possible to objectively
determine someone's guilt or innocence within an non-inherent system.
I agree that morality is not necessarily inherent (unless you state that
everything we do has an evolutionary basis), but this does not mean that
it cannot be objective in theory.

>This "natural morality" is not an objective system, as evidenced by
>your comments about lions, and mine.

Perhaps it can be objective, but not inherent.  Anyway, as I noted before,
the practices related to mating rituals, etc. among the animals are likely
the only ones to be considered "immoral" under the previous "definitions"
of the natural law.  Therefore, some revisions are in order, since the
class of activities surrounding mating seem to pose some general problems.

>>And in fact, the only way that the postulates could be determined by an
>>outsider would be if there were some sort of higher truth, like some
>>sort of god or something.  But, I do not think that a god is necessary
>>for an objective system, while it seems that you do.
>What are you trying to say here?

It seens that you are objecting to the notion of an objective system
because perhaps you think that it would imply inherence, which would
necessitate some sort of grand design?

>>No, I have classified behavior of most animals as in line with a
>>moral system.  It is certainly possible for animals to commit acts
>>which are outside of their rules of ethics, but they don't seem to
>>do so very often.  Perhaps they are not intelligent enough to be
>>immoral.
>And perhaps it's because you have yet to define a "moral" system.

I think I have.  It is a code of ethics which basically defines undesired
behaviors, etc.  An immoral behavior could be unwanted, unproductive,
or destructive, etc., depending on the goal of the system (that is,
immoral to what end?).

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53141
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:

>>Natural morality may specifically be thought of as a code of ethics that
>>a certain species has developed in order to survive.
>Wait.  Are we talking about ethics or morals here?

Is the distinction important?

>>We see this countless
>>times in the animal kingdom, and such a "natural" system is the basis for
>>our own system as well.
>Huh?

Well, our moral system seems to mimic the natural one, in a number of ways.

>>In order for humans to thrive, we seem to need
>>to live in groups,
>Here's your problem.  "we *SEEM* to need".  What's wrong with the highlighted
>word?

I don't know.  What is wrong?  Is it possible for humans to survive for
a long time in the wild?  Yes, it's possible, but it is difficult.  Humans
are a social animal, and that is a cause of our success.

>>and in order for a group to function effectively, it
>>needs some sort of ethical code.
>This statement is not correct.

Isn't it?  Why don't you think so?

>>And, by pointing out that a species' conduct serves to propogate itself,
>>I am not trying to give you your tautology, but I am trying to show that
>>such are examples of moral systems with a goal.  Propogation of the species
>>is a goal of a natural system of morality.
>So anybody who lives in a monagamous relationship is not moral?  After all,
>in order to ensure propogation of the species, every man should impregnate
>as many women as possible.

No.  As noted earlier, lack of mating (such as abstinence or homosexuality)
isn't really destructive to the system.  It is a worst neutral.

>For that matter, in herds of horses, only the dominate stallion mates.  When
>he dies/is killed/whatever, the new dominate stallion is the only one who
>mates.  These seems to be a case of your "natural system of morality" trying
>to shoot itself in the figurative foot.

Again, the mating practices are something to be reexamined...

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53142
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:

>>But chimps are almost human...
>Does this mean that Chimps have a moral will?

Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53143
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:

>So how do you then explain sudden violent behavior of human beings?
>Your theory would state that the more the human is detached from 
>primitive behavior, the more violent and non-moralistic the human
>becomes (please correct me if my understanding was wrong). So
>you have this bifurcation point where a madman is killing people
>from the roof of a campus. Could you explain how your 'theory'
>explains such a situation?

Madmen are mad.  Do we try to explain the output from a broken computer?
I think not.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53144
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>To show that the examples I and others
>have provided are *not* counter examples of your supposed inherent
>moral hypothesis, you have to successfully argue that
>domestication removes or alters this morality.

I think that domestication will change behavior to a large degree.
Domesticated animals exhibit behaviors not found in the wild.  I
don't think that they can be viewed as good representatives of the
wild animal kingdom, since they have been bred for thousands of years
to produce certain behaviors, etc.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53145
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

mmwang@adobe.com (Michael Wang) writes:

>>Well, I have typed in the OED definitions.  As you will note upon reading
>>them, a punishment, being an inanimate object, is incapable of "showing
>>mercy."  So, you can not say that a merciless punishment is a cruel one.
>Sorry, you must have missed the stuff in parens when you read the
>definition (where transf. = transferred sense and fig. =
>figurative,-ly). "Things" can be cruel. Samples of text from the first
>definition include, "Because I would not see thy cruell nailes Plucke
>out his poore old eyes," and "The puniness of man in the centre of a
>cruel and frowning universe."

Sure nails can be cruel.  I'd imagine nails in your eyes would be
*very* painful.  But, this does not imply that a painless death is
cruel, which is what you are supposed to be trying to show.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53149
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <sfnNTrC00WBO43LRUK@andrew.cmu.edu> "David R. Sacco" <dsav+@andrew.cmu.edu> 
writes:

>After tons of mail, could we move this discussion to alt.religion?

Yes.

MAC
>=============================================================
>--There are many here among us who feel that life is but a joke. (Bob Dylan)
>--"If you were happy every day of your life you wouldn't be a human
>being, you'd be a game show host." (taken from the movie "Heathers.")
>--Lecture (LEK chur) - process by which the notes of the professor
>become the notes of the student without passing through the minds of
>either.
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53150
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <1qjahh$mrs@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) 
writes:

>In article <pww-140493214334@spac-at1-59.rice.edu> pww@spacsun.rice.edu 
(Peter Walker) writes:
>#In article <1qie61$fkt@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank
>#O'Dwyer) wrote:
>#> Objective morality is morality built from objective values.
>#
>#But where do those objective values come from? How can we measure them?
>#What mediated thair interaction with the real world, a moralon? Or a scalar
>#valuino field?

>Science ("the real world") has its basis in values, not the other way round, 
>as you would wish it.  If there is no such thing as objective value, then 
>science can not objectively be said to be more useful than a kick in the head.
>Simple theories with accurate predictions could not objectively be said
>to be more useful than a set of tarot cards.  You like those conclusions?
>I don't.

>#And how do we know they exist in the first place?

>One assumes objective reality, one doesn't know it.  

>-- 
>Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
>odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

How do we measure truth, beauty, goodness, love, friendship, trust, honesty, 
etc.?  If things have no basis in objective fact then aren't we limited in what
we know to be true?  Can't we say that we can examples or instances of reason,
but cannot measure reason, or is that semantics?

MAC
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53151
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <kmr4.1576.734879396@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:

>In article <1qj9gq$mg7@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank 
O'Dwyer) writes:

>>Is good logic *better* than bad?  Is good science better than bad?  

> By definition.


> great - good - okay - bad - horrible

>    << better
>       worse >>


> Good is defined as being better than bad.

>---
How do we come up with this setup?  Is this subjective, if enough people agreed
we could switch the order?  Isn't this defining one unknown thing by another? 
That is, good is that which is better than bad, and bad is that which is worse
than good?  Circular?

MAC
>   Only when the Sun starts to orbit the Earth will I accept the Bible. 
>        

--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53153
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <lsran6INN14a@exodus.Eng.Sun.COM> emarsh@hernes-sun.Eng.Sun.COM (Eric 
Marsh) writes:

>In article <C5HqxJ.JDG@ux1.cso.uiuc.edu> lis450bw@ux1.cso.uiuc.edu (lis450 
Student) writes:
>>Hmmmm.  Define objective morality.  Well, depends upon who you talk to.
>>Some say it means you can't have your hair over your ears, and others say
>>it means Stryper is acceptable.  _I_ would say that general principles
>>of objective morality would be listed in one or two places.

>>Ten Commandments

>>Sayings of Jesus

>>the first depends on whether you trust the Bible, 

>>the second depends on both whether you think Jesus is God, and whether
>>  you think we have accurate copies of the NT.

>Gong!

>Take a moment and look at what you just wrote. First you defined
>an "objective" morality and then you qualified this "objective" morality
>with subjective justifications. Do you see the error in this?

>Sorry, you have just disqualified yourself, but please play again.

>>MAC
>>

>eric

Huh?  Please explain.  Is there a problem because I based my morality on 
something that COULD be wrong?  Gosh, there's a heck of a lot of stuff that I 
believe that COULD be wrong, and that comes from sources that COULD be wrong. 
What do you base your belief on atheism on?  Your knowledge and reasoning? 
COuldn't that be wrong?

MAC
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53154
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

> O.K., so pick former Yugoslavia instead and say their problems are caused
> by communism, it doesn't really matter.  But I guess religious leaders are
> calling for an end to that, too, so it can't be religiously motivated.  This
> despite the fact that the Christians carve crosses in dead Muslims chests.
> Maybe they just want land.  Maybe its something else they want.  Maybe the
> cross carvings are just accidental.  I don't know.  Just looks suspicious.

Most likely the tragic situation in Bosnia is a combination of ethnical
and religious motives, where religion is just one attribute that separates
the groups from each other.

But I must agree that the sad saga in Bosnia is a terrible example
of a case where religion is not helping, instead it is used as a weapon
against other humans. And my sympathies are mostly on the Bosnian side,
it looks like the Serbs are the oppressors, willing to use even
Christianity as a weapon against their former friends.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53157
From: dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

: >> The death penalty was conceived as a deterrent to crime,  but the legal
: >> shenanigans that have been added (automatic appeals, lengthy court
: >> battles, etc.) have relegated that purpose to a very small part of what
: >> it should be.  Hence the question is,  do we instate the death penalty as
: >> it was meant to be, and see if that deters crime, or do we get rid of
: >> it entirely?

  I doubt the death penalty was supposed to be a "deterrent" to crime. If so,
why doesn't every crime carry a death penalty ? That would be effictive
wouldn't it ???

  The death penalty is a punishment, much like a $50 fine for speeding is
a punishment. Anyway, somebody with murder on the mind doesn't much care
about the consequences. I think another problem is that people dont think
they will get caught. If I wanted to kill another person, I wouldn't 
care what the penalty was if I didn't think I would get caught.

  If it was to be strictly a deterrent, it should have been more along 
the lines of torture.

Dave Fuller
dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53158
From: dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes:
: 
[ . . . . . ]
:
: Personally, I feel that since religion have such a poweful
: psychological effect, we should let theists be.  But the problem is that
: religions cause enormous harm to non-believers and to humanity as a whole
: (holy wars, inquisitions, inter-religious hatred, impedence of science
: & intellectual progress, us-&-them attitudes etc etc.  Need I say more?).
: I really don't know what we can do about them.  Any comments?
: 

  I have always held that there should be no attempt to change a persons
attitude or lifestyle as long as it makes them happy and does not tax
anybody else. This seems to be ok for atheists. You don't get an atheist
knocking on your door, stopping you in the airport, or handing out
literature at a social event. Theists seem to think that thier form of
happy should work for others and try to make it so. 

  My sister is a 
born again, and she was a real thorn in the side for my entire family
for several years. She finally got the clue that she couldn't help.
During that period she bought me "I was atheist, now I'm Xtian" books
for my birthday and Xmas several times. Our birthday cards would contain
verses. It was a problem. I told my mom that I was going to send my
sister an atheist piece of reading material. I got a "Don't you dare".
My mom wasn't religious. Why did she insist that I not send it ??

   Because our society has driven into us that religion is ok to
preach, non-religion should be self contained. What a crock of shit.
I finally told my sister that I didn't find her way of life attractive.
I have seen exactly 0 effort from her on trying to convert me since then.

   I'm sick of religious types being pampered, looked out for, and WORST
OF ALL . . . . respected more than atheists. There must be an end
in sight.

Dave Fuller
dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53159
From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: Bible Quiz

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>         Would you mind e-mailing me the questions, with the pairs of answers?
> I would love to have them for the next time a Theist comes to my door!

I'd like this too... maybe you should post an answer key after a while?

Nanci

.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
It is better to be a coward for a minute than dead for the rest of your
life.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53160
From: <SEC108@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Why the bible?

      One thing I think is interesting about alt.athiesm is the fact that
without bible-thumpers and their ilk this would be a much duller newsgroup.
It almost needs the deluded masses to write silly things for athiests to
tear apart. Oh well, that little tidbit aside here is what I really wanted
write about.

      How can anyone believe in such a sorry document as the bible? If you
want to be religious aren't there more plausable books out there? Seriously,
the bible was written by multiple authors who repeatedly contradict each
other. One minute it tells you to kill your kid if he talks back and the next
it says not to kill at all. I think that if xtians really want to follow a
deity they should pick one that can be consistent, unlike the last one they
invented.

      For people who say Jesus was the son of god, didn't god say not to
EVER put ANYONE else before him? Looks like you did just that. Didn't god
say not to make any symbols or idols? What are crosses then? Don't you think
that if you do in fact believe in the bible that you are rather far off track?

Was Jesus illiterate? Why didn't he write anything? Anyone know?

      I honestly hope that people who believe in the bible understand that
it is just one of the religious texts out there and that it is one of the
poorer quality ones to boot. The only reason xtianity escaped the middle east
is because a certain roman who's wine was poisoned with lead made all of rome
xtian after a bad dream.

      If this posting keeps one person, just ONE person, from standing on a
streetcorner and telling people they are going to hell I will be happy.





*** Only hatred and snap judgements can guide your robots through life. ***
***                                    Dr. Clayton Forester             ***
***                                       Mad Scientist                 ***


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53161
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:

>>>How many contridictions do you want to see?
>>Good question. If I claim something is a general trend, then to disprove this,
>>I guess you'd have to show that it was not a general trend.
>No, if you're going to claim something, then it is up to you to prove it.
>Think "Cold Fusion".

Well, I've provided examples to show that the trend was general, and you
(or others) have provided some counterexamples, mostly ones surrounding
mating practices, etc.  I don't think that these few cases are enough to
disprove the general trend of natural morality.  And, again, the mating
practices need to be reexamined...

>>Try to find "immoral" non-mating-related activities.
>So you're excluding mating-related-activities from your "natural morality"?

No, but mating practices are a special case.  I'll have to think about it
some more.

>>Yes, I think that the natural system can be objectively deduced with the
>>goal of species propogation in mind.  But, I am not equating the two
>>as you so think.  That is, an objective system isn't necessarily the
>>natural one.
>Are you or are you not the man who wrote:
>"A natural moral system is the objective moral system that most animals
> follow".

Indeed.  But, while the natural system is objective, all objective systems
are not the natural one.  So, the terms can not be equated.  The natural
system is a subset of the objective ones.

>Now, since homosexuality has been observed in most animals (including
>birds and dolphins), are you going to claim that "most animals" have
>the capacity of being immoral?

I don't claim that homosexuality is immoral.  It isn't harmful, although
it isn't helpful either (to the mating process).  And, when you say that
homosexuality is observed in the animal kingdom, don't you mean "bisexuality?"

>>>>Because we can't determine to what end we should be "moral."
>Are you claiming to be a group?  "We" usually implies more than one entity.

This is standard jargon.  Read any textbook.  The "we" forms are used
throughout.

>>Well, I'm saying that these goals are not inherent.  That is why they must
>>be postulates, because there is not really a way to determine them
>>otherwise (although it could be argued that they arise from the natural
>>goal--but they are somewhat removed).
>Postulate: To assume; posit.

That's right.  The goals themselves aren't inherent.

>I can create a theory with a postulate that the Sun revolves around the
>Earth, that the moon is actually made of green cheese, and the stars are
>the portions of Angels that intrudes into three-dimensional reality.

You could, but such would contradict observations.

>I can build a mathematical proof with a postulate that given the length
>of one side of a triangle, the length of a second side of the triangle, and
>the degree of angle connecting them, I can determine the length of the
>third side.

But a postulate is something that is generally (or always) found to be
true.  I don't think your postulate would be valid.

>Guess which one people are going to be more receptive to.  In order to assume
>something about your system, you have to be able to show that your postulates
>work.

Yes, and I think the goals of survival and happiness *do* work.  You think
they don't?  Or are they not good goals?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53162
From: jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only)
Subject: Re: New Member

In article <C5HIEw.7s1@portal.hq.videocart.com> dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
>
>  Hello. I just started reading this group today, and I think I am going
>to be a large participant in its daily postings. I liked the section of
>the FAQ about constructing logical arguments - well done. I am an atheist,
>but I do not try to turn other people into atheists. I only try to figure
>why people believe the way they do - I don't much care if they have a 
>different view than I do. When it comes down to it . . . I could be wrong.
>I am willing to admit the possibility - something religious followers 
>dont seem to have the capability to do.
>
>  Happy to be aboard !
>
>Dave Fuller
>dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com

Welcome.  I am the official keeper of the list of nicknames that people
are known by on alt.atheism (didn't know we had such a list, did you).
Your have been awarded the nickname of "Buckminster."  So the next time
you post an article, sign with your nickname like so:
Dave "Buckminster" Fuller.  Thanks again.

Jim "Humor means never having to say you're sorry" Copeland
--
If God is dead and the actor plays his part                    | -- Sting,
His words of fear will find their way to a place in your heart | History
Without the voice of reason every faith is its own curse       | Will Teach Us
Without freedom from the past things can only get worse        | Nothing

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53163
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <C5HKv2.Epv@blaze.cs.jhu.edu> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:

>In article <115256@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>>Judaism, for one. Maddi has confirmed this for one. And again I
>>reiterate that one can easily leave the religion at any time,
>>simply by making a public declaration. If one is too lazy to do
>>that then the religion cannot be held responsible.

>There are many "Islamic" countries where publically renouncing Islam can be
>quite dangerous.  These countries might not, according to you, necessarily be
>practicing "true" Islam, but the danger still remains; one cannot blame
>failure to publically renounce Islam on "laziness" as opposed to a desire to
>stay alive and well.

Of course, if you're planning to pull a Rushdie then declaring one's
leaving the religion is little to be concerned about compared to one's
other plans.


In Rushdie's case, the one under discussion, one can. It is tragic that
in _some_ "Islamic" countries this is so. There are, however, Islamic
countries (whose constitutions contains statements that Islamic law is
to be incorporated), e.g. Kuwait, where one can freely make such
statements without fear.


>Not to mention that it has already been pointed out that Rushdie has said in
>his books that he's not a Muslim, and there have surely been enough readers of
>his books to provide the appropriate number of witnesses.

This story has become tiresome. The conditions are clear. If you care to
make your point clear then make a chronology and show that he had made
public statements about leaving Islam prior to his writing of _TSV_. If
he did make such statements then he should have made _that_ clear rather
than trying to rejoin Islam or go on talking about his personal
feelings.



Gregg

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53164
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr10.123858.25059@bradford.ac.uk> L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham) writes:

>Gregg Jaeger (jaeger@buphy.bu.edu) wrote:

>> Khomenei was a jerk and so were plenty of 
>>British "leaders", so what? 

>>THE QUR'AN is the basis of judgement. Khomenei was clearly a heretic
>>by the standards of the Qur'an. End of story.

>Could you be a little more specific as to exactly why Khomanei was a
>heretic and a jerk as judged by the Koran.  I have no liking for the
>guy, but as far as I know he has done nothing contrary to the teachings
>of the Koran, or at least so I'm told by several Iranian research
>students that I share an office with.

>It is easy and convenient for you to denounce him.  But I have the 
>feeling that your views are not as clear cut and widely accepted as you
>suggest.

I have made this clear elsewhere but will do so again. Khomeini put a 
price on the head of someone in another country, this makes him a jerk
as well as an international outlaw. Khomeini advocates the view that
there was a series of twelve Islamic leaders (the Twelve Imams) who
are free of error or sin. This makes him a heretic. In the Qur'an 
Muhammad is chastised for error directly by God; the Qur'an says that
Muhammad is the greatest example of proper Islamic behavior; thus
no muslim is free from error. 


>As usual there seems to be almost as many Islamic viewpoints as there
>are Muslims.  

Perhaps it seems so to you, but this is hardly the case. There is
widespread agreement about matters of Islam. There certainly are
many viewpoints on issues which are not particularly Islamic in
and of themselves, but this is so for any large group of people
under the same name. 

>It all comes back to the Koran being so imprecise in its wording.

The Qur'an is not particularly imprecise in wording, though it is true
that several interpretations are possible in the interpretations of
many words. However, as an entire text the Qur'an makes its meanings
precise enough for intelligent people free from power lust to come
to agreement about them. 



Gregg

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53165
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr10.124753.25195@bradford.ac.uk> L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham) writes:

>Gregg Jaeger (jaeger@buphy.bu.edu) wrote:

>>Well, it seemed slightly incongruous to find the Union Jack flying
>>at City Hall in Belfast. 

>May I ask why?  It's there not because the British want it there (NI
>is just one big expensive problem), it's there because that is
>what the majority of the population of NI want.  Is there some
>problem with that?

The majority of those who can open their mouths in public perhaps.
There seems quite alot of incentive for the British to have control
of NI, like using the North Channel and Irish Sea as a waste dump (I was
appalled at the dumping I saw in the harbor in Belfast). It is my
understanding that quite alot of radioactivity enters the water --
it'd be quite a problem if NI got its independence from Britain and
then stopped accepting the waste. Are you suggesting that British
industry isn't making profit off the situation as well?


Gregg

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53166
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr10.125109.25265@bradford.ac.uk> L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham) writes:

>Gregg Jaeger (jaeger@buphy.bu.edu) wrote:

>>Could you please explain in what way the Qur'an in your eyes carries
>>"the excess baggage of another era"? The Qur'an in my opinion carries
>>no such baggage. 

>How about trying to run a modern economy without charging interest on
>loans.  From what I hear, even fundamentalist Iran is having to
>compromise this ideal.

Which sort of loans and what have you heard exactly?


Gregg

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53167
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1qi3l5$jkj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>I hope an Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI, which
>ripped off so many small depositors among the Muslim
>community in the Uk and elsewhere.

>jon.

Grow up, childish propagandist.




Gregg

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53168
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <1993Apr10.130112.25440@bradford.ac.uk> L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham) writes:

>Gregg Jaeger (jaeger@buphy.bu.edu) wrote:

>>>And no, in Western countries, it isn't a "legal" concept 
>>>at all, so it's not the slightest bit pertinent to the
>>>topic, which is a British author living in the United 
>>>Kingdom under the protection of British law.

>>Ah, yes, I keep forgetting, governments are superior entities to
>>religious organizations. Forgive me -- the gun is the higher law.

>This is degenerating to 'Zumder logic.  Of course governments are
>superior entities, they are elected by the people, whereas religious
>leaders certainly are not.

Perhaps not in Christianity, but in Islam the choice of religious
leaders is to be made by the people. So much for your superiority
argument.


>  Those who the people trust to make the law
>obviously represents the higher law.  That is democracy.

Democracy is a basic element of Islam. Learn that one!

Ever notice that the so-called "fundamentalists" in Algeria
who are being repressed by the secular government won in
free and democratic elections.


Gregg

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53170
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <11810@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
>Subject: Re: free moral agency
>Date: 14 Apr 93 21:41:31 GMT
>In article <healta.133.734810202@saturn.wwc.edu> healta@saturn.wwc.edu (TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
>>>
>>In the Old testement, Satan is RARELY mentioned, if at all. 
>
>
>  Huh?  Doesn't the SDA Bible contain the book of Job?
>
>>This is why there is suffering in the world, we are caught inthe crossfire. 
>>and sometimes, innocents as well as teh guilty get hurt.
>>That's my opinion and I hope I cleared up a few things.
>>
>
>  Seems like your omnipotent and omniscient god has "got some
>  'splainin' to do" then.  Or did he just create Satan for shits and
>  giggles?
>
>/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 
>
>Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 
>
>They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
>and sank Manhattan out at sea.
>
>^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
I didn't say it NEVER mentioned Satan, I said it RARELY, if at all.  Please 
excuse me for my lack of perfect memory or omnipotence.

Tammy
P.S I'm soory if I sound cranky.  I apoplogize now before anyone's feelings 
get hurt.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53171
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: note to Bobby M.

In article <1993Apr14.190904.21222@daffy.cs.wisc.edu> mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
>From: mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
>Subject: Re: note to Bobby M.
>Date: Wed, 14 Apr 1993 19:09:04 GMT
>In article <1993Apr14.131548.15938@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>>In <madhausC5CKIp.21H@netcom.com> madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann) writes:
>>
>>>Mark, how much do you *REALLY* know about vegetarian diets?
>>>The problem is not "some" B-vitamins, it's balancing proteins.  
>>>There is also one vitamin that cannot be obtained from non-animal
>>>products, and this is only of concern to VEGANS, who eat no
>>>meat, dairy, or eggs.  I believe it is B12, and it is the only
>>>problem.  Supplements are available for vegans; yes, the B12
>>>does come from animal by-products.  If you are on an ovo-lacto
>>>vegetarian diet (eat dairy and eggs) this is not an issue.
>
>I didn't see the original posting, but...
>Yes, I do know about vegetarian diets, considering that several of my
>close friends are devout vegetarians, and have to take vitamin supplements.
>B12 was one of the ones I was thinking of, it has been a long time since
>I read the article I once saw talking about the special dietary needs
>of vegetarians so I didn't quote full numbers.  (Considering how nice
>this place is. ;)
>
>>B12 can also come from whole-grain rice, I understand.  Some brands here
>>in Australia (and other places too, I'm sure) get the B12 in the B12
>>tablets from whole-grain rice.
>
>Are you sure those aren't an enriched type?  I know it is basically
>rice and soybeans to get almost everything you need, but I hadn't heard
>of any rice having B12.  
>
>>Just thought I'd contribute on a different issue from the norm :)
>
>You should have contributed to the programming thread earlier. :)
>
>> Fred Rice
>> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   
>
>M^2
>
If one is a vegan (a vegetarian taht eats no animal products at at i.e eggs, 
milk, cheese, etc., after about 3 years of a vegan diet, you need to start 
taking B12 supplements because b12 is found only in animals.) Acutally our 
bodies make B12, I think, but our bodies use up our own B12 after 2 or 3 
years.  
Lacto-oveo vegetarians, like myself, still get B12 through milk products 
and eggs, so we don't need supplements.
And If anyone knows more, PLEASE post it.  I'm nearly contridicting myself 
with the mish-mash of knowledge I've gleaned.

Tammy

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53172
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:

>>So, you are saying that it isn't possible for an instinctive act
>>to be moral one?  That is, in order for an act to be an act of morality,
>>the person must consider the immoral action but then disregard it?
>No, I'm saying that in order for an act to be moral or immoral, somebody/
>someone/something must _consider_ it to be so.  That implies intelligence,
>not instinct.

Who has to consider it?  The being that does the action?  I'm still
not sure I know what you are trying to say.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53173
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>So, you are saying that it isn't possible for an instinctive act
>>to be moral one?
>I like to think that many things are possible.   Explain to me
>how instinctive acts can be moral acts, and I am happy to listen.

For example, if it were instinctive not to murder...

>>That is, in order for an act to be an act of morality,
>>the person must consider the immoral action but then disregard 
>>it?
>Weaker than that.   There must be the possibility that the
>organism - it's not just people we are talking about - can
>consider alternatives.

So, only intelligent beings can be moral, even if the bahavior of other
beings mimics theirs?  And, how much emphasis do you place on intelligence?
Animals of the same species could kill each other arbitarily, but they
don't.  Are you trying to say that this isn't an act of morality because
most animals aren't intelligent enough to think like we do?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53174
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>I don't expect the lion to know, or not know anything of the kind.
>In fact, I don't have any evidence that lions ever consider such 
>issues.
>And that, of course, is why I don't think you can assign moral
>significance to the instinctive behaviour of lions.

What I've been saying is that moral behavior is likely the null behavior.
That is, it doesn't take much work to be moral, but it certainly does to
be immoral (in some cases).  Also, I've said that morality is a remnant
of evolution.  Our moral system is based on concepts well practiced in
the animal kingdom.

>>So you are basically saying that you think a "moral" is an undefinable
>>term, and that "moral systems" don't exist?  If we can't agree on a
>>definition of these terms, then how can we hope to discuss them?
>No, it's perfectly clear that I am saying that I know what a moral
>is in *my* system, but that I can't speak for other people.

But, this doesn't get us anywhere.  Your particular beliefs are irrelevant
unless you can share them or discuss them...

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53175
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: ? (was Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?))

sdoe@nmsu.edu (Stephen Doe) writes:

>>Of course, if at some later time we think that the death penalty
>>*is* cruel or unusual, it will be outlawed.  But at the present,
>>most people don't seem to think this way.
>*This* from the same fellow who speaks of an "objective" or "natural"
>morality.  I suppose that if the majority decides slavery is OK, then
>it is no longer immoral?

I did not claim that our system was objective.


keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53176
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <2BCC892B.21864@ics.uci.edu> bvickers@ics.uci.edu (Brett J. Vickers) writes:

>In article <115290@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>>Well, seeing as you are not muslim the sort of fatwa issued by Khomeini
>>would not be relevant to you. I can understand your fear of persecution
>>and I share it even more than you (being muslim), however Rushdie's
>>behavior was not completely excusable.

>Why should a fatwa issued by Khomeini be relevant to anyone who
>doesn't live in Iran?

Issued by Khomeini it shouldn't be relevant to anyone. But issued
by an honest and learned scholar of Islam it would be relevant to
any muslim as it would be contrary to Islamic law which all muslims
are required to respect.

>  Who is it that decides whether Rushdie's behavior is excusable? 

Anyone sufficiently well versed in Islamic law and capable of reasoning,
if you are talking about a weak sense of "excuse." It depends on what 
sense of "excuse" you have in mind.


> And who cares if you think it is inexcusable?

Only someone who thinks my opinion is important, obviously.
Obviously you don't care, nor do I care that you don't care.


Gregg

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53177
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: Free Moral Agency and Kent S.

In article <sandvik-140493185034@sandvik-kent.apple.com> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:
>From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
>Subject: Re: Free Moral Agency and Kent S.
>Date: Thu, 15 Apr 1993 01:51:57 GMT
>In article <healta.135.734811375@saturn.wwc.edu>, healta@saturn.wwc.edu
>(TAMMY R HEALY) wrote:
>> Ezekiel 28:17 says, Your hart was filled with pride because of all your 
>> beauty; you corrupted your wisdom for the sake of your splendor.  Therefore 
>> I have cast you down the the ground and exposed you helpless before the 
>> curious gaze of Kings."
>
>> For those of you who are Bible scholars, you knowthat the 1st 11 verses 
>> refer to the Prince of Tyre.  This is a prophesy about and addressed to the 
>> human prince.  Verses 12-19 refer to the King of Tyre, which is a term for 
>> Satan.
>
>Tammy, what's the rationale to connect the prince of Tyre with Satan,
>could you give us more rational bible cites, thanks? I'm afraid that
>if this is not the case, your thinking model falls apart like a house
>of cards. But let's see!
>
>Cheers,
>Kent
>---
>sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

At the time Ezekiel was written, Israel was in apostacy again and if I'm not 
mistaken, Tyre was about to make war on Israel.  Like I said, the Prince of 
Tyre was the human ruler of Tyre.  He was a wicked man.  By calling Satan 
the King of Tyre, Ezekiel was saying that Satan is the real ruler over Tyre.

Don't think my interpretation is neccessarily the orthodox Christian one, 
although most Christian Bible commentaries interpret the King of Tyre as 
being a reference to Satan. (I haven't read Ezekiel throughly in a long 
time.)

Tammy

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53178
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: free moral agency and Jeff Clark

In article <16BB112DFC.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
>Subject: Re: free moral agency and Jeff Clark
>Date: Thu, 15 Apr 1993 20:28:27 GMT
>In article <healta.136.734813153@saturn.wwc.edu>
>healta@saturn.wwc.edu (TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
> 
>(Deletion)
>>You also said,"Why did millions suffer for what Adam and Ee did?  Seems a
>>pretty sick way of going about creating a universe..."
>>
>>I'm gonna respond by giving a small theology lesson--forgive me, I used
>>to be a theology major.
>>First of all, I believe that this planet is involved in a cosmic struggle--
>>"the Great Controversy betweed Christ and Satan" (i borrowed a book title).
>>God has to consider the interests of the entire universe when making
>>decisions.
>(Deletion)
> 
>An universe it has created. By the way, can you tell me why it is less
>tyrannic to let one of one's own creatures do what it likes to others?
>By your definitions, your god has created Satan with full knowledge what
>would happen - including every choice of Satan.
> 
>Can you explain us what Free Will is, and how it goes along with omniscience?
>Didn't your god know everything that would happen even before it created the
>world? Why is it concerned about being a tyrant when noone would care if
>everything was fine for them? That the whole idea comes from the possibility
>to abuse power, something your god introduced according to your description?
> 
> 
>By the way, are you sure that you have read the FAQ? Especially the part
>about preaching?
>   Benedikt

I don't feel that I'm preaching. I'm just trying to answer people's 
questions and talking about my religion, my beliefs.
When it comes to what I post, I don't do it with the intent of converting 
anyone.  I don't expect for the atheists in this newsgroup to take what I 
say with a grain of salt if they so wish.
I just state what I beleve, they ask me how I believeit and why and we all 
go on. 
If that's preaching, then I'm soory and I'll get off the soapbox.

Tammy

  

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53179
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:

>>Look, I'm not the one that made those Nazi comparisons.  Other people
>>compared what the religious people are doing now to Nazi Germany.  They
>>have said that it started out with little things (but no one really knew
>>about any of these "little" things, strangely enough) and grew to bigger
>>things.  They said that the motto is but one of the little things 
>You just contradicted yourself.  The motto is one of those little things that
>nobody has bothered mentiopning to you, huh?

The "`little' things" above were in reference to Germany, clearly.  People
said that there were similar things in Germany, but no one could name any.
They said that these were things that everyone should know, and that they
weren't going to waste their time repeating them.  Sounds to me like no one
knew, either.  I looked in some books, but to no avail.

>>that is
>>going to pave the way for other "intrusions."  Of course, if the motto
>>hasn't caused problems in its 40 year history, then I doubt it is going to...
>It *has* caused problems.  You just ignore every instance when someone
>describes one to you.

It has *caused* problems?  Again, no one has shown that things were better
before the motto, or that they'd likely be better after.  I don't think
the motto initiates any sort of harassment.  Harassment will occur whether
or not the motto is present.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53180
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:

>>I think you should support your first claim, that people will simply
>>harass me no matter what, as I doubt this is true. I think *some* of the
>>theists will be at a loss, and that is enough reason for me.
>Because "IN GOD WE TRUST" is a motto on the coins, and the coins
>are a representation of the government, christians are given
>ammunition here to slander atheists as unpatriotic.

So, we should ban the ammunition?  Why not get rid of the guns?

>And yes, I have heard this used in conversation with christians.
>Sure, they may fall back on other things, but this is one they
>should not have available to use.

It is worse than others?  The National Anthem?  Should it be changed too?
God Bless America?  The list goes on...

>Imagine if the next year's set of coins were labeled with
>the motto:   "GOD IS DEAD".
>Certainly, such a statement on U.S. coins would offend almost
>every christian.  And I'd be tempted to rub that motto in the
>face of christians when debunking their standard motto slinging
>gets boring.

Then you'd be no better than the people you despise.

>Any statement printed on an item that represents
>the government is an endorsement by the government.

Oh?

>The coin motto is an endorsement of trusting in god.

An endorsement, or an acknowledgement?  I think gods are things that people
are proud of, but I don't think the motto encourages belief.

>I don't particularly feel like trusting in god,
>so the government IS putting me down with every
>coin it prints.

Is it?

[...]
>For the motto to be legitimate, it would have to read:
>   "In god, gods, or godlessness we trust"

Would you approve of such a motto?

>Whether the motto was intended to be anti-atheist or not,
>it turns up as an open invitation to use as an anti-atheist tool.

And removing the tool will solve the problem?

Or will it increase the problem?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53181
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>I want to know how this omniscient being is going to perform
>the feat of "definitely" terming actions right or wrong.

If you were omniscient, you'd know who exactly did what, and with what
purpose in mind.  Then, with a particular goal in mind, you sould be
able to methodically judge whether or not this action was in accordance
with the general goal.

>>>I don't think you've show the existence of *any* objective moral system.
>>They exist, but in practice, they are difficult to perfectly emulate.
>>I mean, you understand the concept of an objective system, right?
>I thought you were explaining it to us.   I certainly don't
>understand what you are explaining.

In an objective system, there are known goals.  Then, actions are judged
as either being compatible with these goals, or not.  Simple.  The problem
with most systems in current practice is that the goals differ.  That is,
the goals of each society are different.

Note that an objective system is not necessarily an inherent one.

>>The concept of innocence is dependent on whether certain actions are
>>"right" or "wrong," and this depends on the moral system.  But, if
>>we have an objective system, then someone can be deemed innocent or
>>not quite easily by an omniscient person.  Anyway, I think I cleared
>>up the recursive definition of "murder," because no one is complaining
>>about it.
>I don't think it solves anything to speculate where we would be
>if we *did* have an objective moral system.  The question is
>still whether you can even say what one is.

I've said it many, many times.

>And for what it's worth, I don't think you cleared up *anything*
>concerning murder.

Which part do you have a problem with?

>>>What do you mean by "harmed?"  Is it harm if you have to spend
>>>your existence metabolising food for another species?
>>Oh, most moral systems would be considered only within a species.  It
>>is okay for us to enslave other animals, right?  But not humans...
>>Of course, ideally, perhaps we wouldn't even have to bother any other
>>animals...
>One the first point, it's wrong to enslave humans according to my
>persoanl moral system.  On the second point, I'm a vegetarian.

But, we can enslave the animals, right?  But just not kill them?  Or
are you a vegetarian for health reasons?

>So, are you a vegetarian?

No.  I fail to see how my *personal* views are relevant, anyway.

>Is it wrong to eat animals in your personal moral system?

Of course not.  It seems perfectly valid to kill members of other species
for food.  It might be nice, though, if the other animals were not made
to suffer.  For instance, a cow in a field lives out its life just about
the same way it would in the wild.  They seem happy enough.  However,
the veal youngsters aren't treated very well.

>How about an "objective" moral system?

I don't know.  What is the goal of this particular system?  There is no
inherent system.

>How about a "natural" moral system.

Nope.  Again, it seems okay to kill other species for food.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53182
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: who are we to judge, Bobby?

In article <kmr4.1572.734847158@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
>Subject: Re: who are we to judge, Bobby?
>Date: Thu, 15 Apr 1993 04:12:38 GMT
>
>(S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
>>(TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
>>>I would like to take the liberty to quote from a Christian writer named 
>>>Ellen G. White.  I hope that what she said will help you to edit your 
>>>remarks in this group in the future.
>>>
>>>"Do not set yourself as a standard.  Do not make your opinions, your views 
>>>of duty, your interpretations of scripture, a criterion for others and in 
>>>your heart condemn them if they do not come up to your ideal."
>>>                         Thoughts Fromthe Mount of Blessing p. 124
>>
>>Point?
>
>	Point: you have taken it upon yourself to judge others; when only 
>God is the true judge.
>
>---
>
>   Only when the Sun starts to orbit the Earth will I accept the Bible. 
>        
>
I agree totally with you!  Amen!  You stated it better and in less world 
than I did.

Tammy


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53183
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <11820@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
>Subject: Re: some thoughts.
>Keywords: Dan Bissell
>Date: 15 Apr 93 18:21:21 GMT
>In article <bissda.4.734849678@saturn.wwc.edu> bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:
>>
>>	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
>>makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
>>lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
>>writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
>>in the process he became a Christian himself.
>
>  This should be good fun.  It's been a while since the group has
>  had such a ripe opportunity to gut, gill, and fillet some poor
>  bastard.  
>
>  Ah well.  Off to get the popcorn...
>
>/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 
>
>Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 
>
>They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
>and sank Manhattan out at sea.
>
>^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
I hope you're not going to flame him.  Please give him the same coutesy you'
ve given me.

Tammy

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53184
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: who are we to judge, Bobby?

In article <1993Apr14.213356.22176@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
>From: snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder )
>Subject: Re: who are we to judge, Bobby?
>Date: Wed, 14 Apr 1993 21:33:56 GMT
>In article <healta.56.734556346@saturn.wwc.edu> healta@saturn.wwc.edu (TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
>>Bobby,
>>
>>I would like to take the liberty to quote from a Christian writer named 
>>Ellen G. White.  I hope that what she said will help you to edit your 
>>remarks in this group in the future.
>>
>>"Do not set yourself as a standard.  Do not make your opinions, your views 
>>of duty, your interpretations of scripture, a criterion for others and in 
>>your heart condemn them if they do not come up to your ideal."
>>                         Thoughts Fromthe Mount of Blessing p. 124
>>
>>I hope quoting this doesn't make the atheists gag, but I think Ellen White 
>>put it better than I could.
>> 
>>Tammy
>
>Point?
>
>Peace,
>
>Bobby Mozumder
>
My point is that you set up your views as the only way to believe.  Saying 
that all eveil in this world is caused by atheism is ridiculous and 
counterproductive to dialogue in this newsgroups.  I see in your posts a 
spirit of condemnation of the atheists in this newsgroup bacause they don'
t believe exactly as you do.  If you're here to try to convert the atheists 
here, you're failing miserably.  Who wants to be in position of constantly 
defending themselves agaist insulting attacks, like you seem to like to do?!
I'm sorry you're so blind that you didn't get the messgae in the quote, 
everyone else has seemed to.

Tammy

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53185
From: rush@leland.Stanford.EDU (Voelkerding)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

In article <11812@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>In article <1993Apr14.205414.3982@leland.Stanford.EDU> rush@leland.Stanford.EDU (Voelkerding) writes:
>>
>>If we worry about the one case in 20,000 (or more) where an innocent man is
>>convicted of something horrible enough to warrant the death penalty,  and
>>hence put laws into place which make it virtually impossible to actually
>>execute real criminals,  then the death penalty is not serving its original
>>purpose.  It should either be changed or done away with.
>>
>
>  I don't have numbers to back this up, so take the following
>  accordingly.
>
>  You use an off-the-cuff number of 1 in 20,000 innocent people
>  sentenced to die as an acceptable loss for the benefit of capital
>  punishment.  I'd be very, very surprised if the ratio were that
>  low.  There have been approximately a dozen known cases of the
>  execution of the innocent in the US since the turn of the century.
>  Have we in that same period sentenced 240,000 people to death?
>  Accounting for those cases that we don't know the truth, it seems
>  reasonable to assume that twice that many innocent people have in
>  fact been executed.  That would raise the number of death
>  sentences metered out since 1900 to half a million for your
>  acceptance ratio to hold.  I rather doubt that's the case.
>
>
>  The point, of course, is what *is* an acceptable loss.  1 in
>  10,000?  Seems we're probably not doing even that well.  1 in 100?
>  1 in 2?  Or should we perhaps find a better solution?
>
>/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 
>
>Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 
>

Any suggestions as to what a better solution might be?  I realize the
off-hand nature of the numbers I used.  And I can't answer as to what
an acceptable loss rate is.  However,  as I said in another post,  I
despise the idea of supporting criminals for life.  It's the economics
of the situation that concern me most.  The money spent feeding, clothing,
housing and taking care of people who have demonstrated that they are
unfit to live in society could go to a number of places,  all of which
I, and probably others,  would consider far more worthwhile and which
would enrish the lives of all Americans.  Give people jobs,  give the
homeless shelter.  Any number of things.

Clyde


-- 
Little girls,  like butterflies, don't need a reason!
					- Robert Heinlein

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53186
From: ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au (Jeffrey Clark)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.

Or he was just convinced by religious fantasies of the time that he was the
Messiah, or he was just some rebel leader that an organisation of Jews built
into Godhood for the purpose off throwing of the yoke of Roman oppression,
or.......

>	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
>die for a lie? 

Are the Moslem fanatics who strap bombs to their backs and driving into
Jewish embassies dying for the truth (hint: they think they are)? Were the
NAZI soldiers in WWII dying for the truth? 

People die for lies all the time.


>Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 

Was Hitler a liar? How about Napoleon, Mussolini, Ronald Reagan? We spend
millions of dollars a year trying to find techniques to detect lying? So the
answer is no, they wouldn't be able to tell if he was a liar if he only lied
about some things.

>gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
>someone who was or had been healed.  Call me a fool, but I believe he did 
>heal people.  

Why do you think he healed people, because the Bible says so? But if God
doesn't exist (the other possibility) then the Bible is not divinely
inspired and one can't use it as a piece of evidence, as it was written by
unbiased observers.

>	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
>to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 

Were Hitler or Mussolini lunatics? How about Genghis Khan, Jim Jones...
there are thousands of examples through history of people being drawn to
lunatics.

>anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
>this right away.
>	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
>real thing.  

So we obviously cannot rule out liar or lunatic not to mention all the other
possibilities not given in this triad.

>	Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
>the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.  This in his betrayal 

Possibly self-fulfilling prophecy (ie he was aware what he should do in
order to fulfil these prophecies), possibly selective diting on behalf of
those keepers of the holy bible for a thousand years or so before the
general; public had access. possibly also that the text is written in such
riddles (like Nostradamus) that anything that happens can be twisted to fit
the words of raving fictional 'prophecy'.

>and Crucifixion.  I don't have my Bible with me at this moment, next time I 
>write I will use it.
             [stuff about how hard it is to be a christian deleted]

I severely recommend you reconsider the reasons you are a christian, they
are very unconvincing to an unbiased observer.

Jeff.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53187
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1ql0ajINN2kj@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
|> 
|> >>But chimps are almost human...
|> >Does this mean that Chimps have a moral will?
|> 
|> Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
|> as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.

Ah, the verb "to must".   I was warned about that one back
in Kindergarten.

So, why "must" they have such laws?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53188
From: house@helios.usq.EDU.AU (ron house)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 

I _know_ I shouldn't get involved, but...   :-)

[bit deleted]

>	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.
>	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
>die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 
>gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
>someone who was or had been healed.  Call me a fool, but I believe he did 
>heal people.  
>	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
>to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
>anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
>this right away.
>	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
>real thing.  

Righto, DAN, try this one with your Cornflakes...

The book says that Muhammad was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
modern day Mad Mahdi) or he was actually who he said he was.
Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 
gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
how his son-in-law made the sun stand still.  Call me a fool, but I believe 
he did make the sun stand still.  
Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
anyone who is drawn to the Mad Mahdi is obviously a fool, logical people see 
this right away.
Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
real thing.  

--

Ron House.                 USQ
(house@helios.usq.edu.au)  Toowoomba, Australia.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53190
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <115565@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> In article <1qi3l5$jkj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >I hope an Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI, which
|> >ripped off so many small depositors among the Muslim
|> >community in the Uk and elsewhere.
|> 
|> >jon.
|> 
|> Grow up, childish propagandist.

Gregg, I'm really sorry if having it pointed out that in practice
things aren't quite the wonderful utopia you folks seem to claim
them to be upsets you, but exactly who is being childish here is 
open to question.

BBCI was an example of an Islamically owned and operated bank -
what will someone bet me they weren't "real" Islamic owners and
operators? - and yet it actually turned out to be a long-running
and quite ruthless operation to steal money from small and often
quite naive depositors.

And why did these naive depositors put their life savings into
BCCI rather than the nasty interest-motivated western bank down
the street?   Could it be that they believed an Islamically owned 
and operated bank couldn't possibly cheat them? 

So please don't try to con us into thinking that it will all 
work out right next time.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53191
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql5snINN4vm@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >>So, you are saying that it isn't possible for an instinctive act
|> >>to be moral one?
|> >
|> >I like to think that many things are possible.   Explain to me
|> >how instinctive acts can be moral acts, and I am happy to listen.
|> 
|> For example, if it were instinctive not to murder...

Then not murdering would have no moral significance, since there
would be nothing voluntary about it.

|> 
|> >>That is, in order for an act to be an act of morality,
|> >>the person must consider the immoral action but then disregard 
|> >>it?
|> >
|> >Weaker than that.   There must be the possibility that the
|> >organism - it's not just people we are talking about - can
|> >consider alternatives.
|> 
|> So, only intelligent beings can be moral, even if the bahavior of other
|> beings mimics theirs?

You are starting to get the point.   Mimicry is not necessarily the 
same as the action being imitated.   A Parrot saying "Pretty Polly" 
isn't necessarily commenting on the pulchritude of Polly.

|> And, how much emphasis do you place on intelligence?

See above.

|> Animals of the same species could kill each other arbitarily, but 
|> they don't.

They do.   I and other posters have given you many examples of exactly
this, but you seem to have a very short memory.

|> Are you trying to say that this isn't an act of morality because
|> most animals aren't intelligent enough to think like we do?

I'm saying:

	"There must be the possibility that the organism - it's not 
	just people we are talking about - can consider alternatives."

It's right there in the posting you are replying to.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53192
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Moraltiy? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>>>What if I act morally for no particular reason?  Then am I moral?  What
>>>>if morality is instinctive, as in most animals?
>>>Saying that morality is instinctive in animals is an attempt to 
>>>assume your conclusion.
>>Which conclusion?
>You conclusion - correct me if I err - that the behaviour which is
>instinctive in animals is a "natural" moral system.

See, we are disagreeing on the definition of moral here.  Earlier, you said
that it must be a conscious act.  By your definition, no instinctive
behavior pattern could be an act of morality.  You are trying to apply
human terms to non-humans.  I think that even if someone is not conscious
of an alternative, this does not prevent his behavior from being moral.

>>You don't think that morality is a behavior pattern?  What is human
>>morality?  A moral action is one that is consistent with a given
>>pattern.  That is, we enforce a certain behavior as moral.
>You keep getting this backwards.  *You* are trying to show that
>the behaviour pattern is a morality.  Whether morality is a behavior 
>pattern is irrelevant, since there can be behavior pattern, for
>example the motions of the planets, that most (all?) people would
>not call a morality.

I try to show it, but by your definition, it can't be shown.

And, morality can be thought of a large class of princples.  It could be
defined in terms of many things--the laws of physics if you wish.  However,
it seems silly to talk of a "moral" planet because it obeys the laws of
phyics.  It is less silly to talk about animals, as they have at least
some free will.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53193
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>This whole thread started because of a discussion about whether
>>or not the death penalty constituted cruel punishment, which is forbidden
>>by the US Constitution.
>Yes, but they didn't say what they meant by "cruel", which is why
>a) you have the Supreme Court, and b) it makes no sense to refer
>to the Constitution, which is quite silent on the meaning of the
>word "cruel".

They spent quite a bit of time on the wording of the Constitution.  They
picked words whose meanings implied the intent.  We have already looked
in the dictionary to define the word.  Isn't this sufficient?

>>Oh, but we were discussing the death penalty (and that discussion
>>resulted from the one about murder which resulted from an intial
>>discussion about objective morality--so this is already three times
>>removed from the morality discussion).
>Actually, we were discussing the mening of the word "cruel" and
>the US Constitution says nothing about that.

But we were discussing it in relation to the death penalty.  And, the
Constitution need not define each of the words within.  Anyone who doesn't
know what cruel is can look in the dictionary (and we did).

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53194
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:

>>No, that's just what you thought the theory meant.  While all humans
>>are generally capable of overpowering their instincts, it does not
>>follow that those who do this often are necessarily more intelligent.
>Ok, so why aren't animals "generally capable of overpowering their instincts"?

Good question.  I'm sure some biologist could answer better than I,
but animals brains are just set up differently.

Animals *can* be trained, but if they're instincts serve them well, there is
no reason to contradict them.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53195
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql667INN54a@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >I don't expect the lion to know, or not know anything of the kind.
|> >In fact, I don't have any evidence that lions ever consider such 
|> >issues.
|> >And that, of course, is why I don't think you can assign moral
|> >significance to the instinctive behaviour of lions.
|> 
|> What I've been saying is that moral behavior is likely the null behavior.
|> That is, it doesn't take much work to be moral, but it certainly does to
|> be immoral (in some cases).

That's the craziest thing I ever heard.   Are you serious?

	"it doesn't take much work to be moral?"

|> Also, I've said that morality is a remnant of evolution.  

Really?   And that's why people discuss morality on a daily basis?
Because it's a kind of evolutionary hangover, like your little toe?

|> Our moral system is based on concepts well practiced in the animal 
|> kingdom.

This must be some novel use of the phrase "based on" with which I
am not sufficiently familiar.    What do you mean by "based on" and 
what is the significance of it for your argument?

|> 
|> >>So you are basically saying that you think a "moral" is an undefinable
|> >>term, and that "moral systems" don't exist?  If we can't agree on a
|> >>definition of these terms, then how can we hope to discuss them?
|> >
|> >No, it's perfectly clear that I am saying that I know what a moral
|> >is in *my* system, but that I can't speak for other people.
|> 
|> But, this doesn't get us anywhere.  Your particular beliefs are irrelevant
|> unless you can share them or discuss them...

Well, we can.   What would you like to know about my particular moral
beliefs?

If you raise a topic I've never considered, I'll be quite happy to 
invent a moral belief out of thin air.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53196
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

In article <1ql6jiINN5df@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
|> 
|> >>Look, I'm not the one that made those Nazi comparisons.  Other people
|> >>compared what the religious people are doing now to Nazi Germany.  They
|> >>have said that it started out with little things (but no one really knew
|> >>about any of these "little" things, strangely enough) and grew to bigger
|> >>things.  They said that the motto is but one of the little things 
|> >You just contradicted yourself.  The motto is one of those little things that
|> >nobody has bothered mentiopning to you, huh?
|> 
|> The "`little' things" above were in reference to Germany, clearly.  People
|> said that there were similar things in Germany, but no one could name any.
|> They said that these were things that everyone should know, and that they
|> weren't going to waste their time repeating them.  Sounds to me like no one
|> knew, either.  I looked in some books, but to no avail.

That's not true.    I gave you two examples.   One was the rather
pevasive anti-semitism in German Christianity well before Hitler
arrived.   The other was the system of social ranks that were used
in Imperail Germany and Austria to distinguish Jews from the rest 
of the population.

Neither of these were very terrible in themselves, but both helped
to set a psychology in which the gradual disenfranchisement of Jews
was made easier.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53197
From: Patrick C Leger <pl1u+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

Excerpts from netnews.alt.atheism: 15-Apr-93 Re: thoughts on christians
by Dave Fuller@portal.hq.vi 
>    I'm sick of religious types being pampered, looked out for, and WORST
> OF ALL . . . . respected more than atheists. There must be an end
> in sight.
>  
I think it'd help if we got a couple good atheists (or even some good,
steadfast agnostics) in some high political offices.  When was the last
time we had an (openly) atheist president?  Have we ever?  (I don't
actually know; these aren't rhetorical questions.)  How 'bout some
Supreme court justices?  

One thing that really ticked me off a while ago was an ad for a news
program on a local station...The promo said something like "Who are
these cults, and why do they prey on the young?"  Ahem.  EVER HEAR OF
BAPTISM AT BIRTH?  If that isn't preying on the young, I don't know what
is...

I used to be (ack, barf) a Catholic, and was even confirmed...Shortly
thereafter I decided it was a load of BS.  My mom, who really insisted
that I continue to go to church, felt it was her duty (!) to bring me up
as a believer!  That was one of the more presumptuous things I've heard
in my life.  I suggested we go talk to the priest, and she agreed.  The
priest was amazingly cool about it...He basically said that if I didn't
believe it, there was no good in forcing it on me.  Actually, I guess he
wasn't amazingly cool about it--His response is what you'd hope for
(indeed, expect) from a human being.  I s'pose I just _didn't_ expect
it...  

I find it absurd that religion exists; Yet, I can also see its
usefulness to people.  Facing up to the fact that you're just going to
be worm food in a few decades, and that there isn't some cosmic purpose
to humanity and the universe, can be pretty difficult for some people. 
Having a readily-available, pre-digested solution to this is pretty
attractive, if you're either a) gullible enough, b) willing to suspend
your reasoning abilities for the piece of mind, or c) have had the stuff
rammed down your throat for as long as you can remember.  Religion in
general provides a nice patch for some human weaknesses; Organized
religion provides a nice way to keep a population under control.  

Blech.

Chris


----------------------
Chris Leger
Sophomore, Carnegie Mellon Computer Engineering
Remember...if you don't like what somebody is saying, you can always
ignore them!


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53198
From: Patrick C Leger <pl1u+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: It's all Mary's fault!

You know, it just occurred to me today that this whole Christian thing
can be blamed solely on Mary.

So, she's married to Joseph.  She gets knocked up.  What do you think
ol' Joe will do if he finds she's been getting around?  So Mary comes up
with this ridiculous story about God making her pregnant.  Actually, it
can't be all THAT ridiculous, considering the number of people that
believe it.  Anyway, she never tells anyone the truth, and even tells
poor little Jesus that he's hot shit, the Son of God.  Everyone else
tells him this too, since they've bought Mary's story.  So, what does
Mary actually turn out to be?  An adultress and a liar, and the cause of
mankind's greatest folly...

Just my recently-minted two cents.

Chris

----------------------
Chris Leger
Sophomore, Carnegie Mellon Computer Engineering
Remember...if you don't like what somebody is saying, you can always
ignore them!


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53199
From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: Rawlins debunks creationism

In article <1993Apr15.223844.16453@rambo.atlanta.dg.com>,
wpr@atlanta.dg.com (Bill Rawlins) wrote:
> 
>     We are talking about origins, not merely science.   Science cannot
>     explain origins.  For a person to exclude anything but science from
>     the issue of origins is to say that there is no higher truth
>     than science.  This is a false premise.

Says who? Other than a hear-say god.

>     By the way, I enjoy science.

You sure don't understand it.

>     It is truly a wonder observing God's creation.  Macroevolution is
>     a mixture of 15 percent science and 85 percent religion [guaranteed
>     within three percent error :) ]

Bill, I hereby award you the Golden Shovel Award for the biggist pile of
bullshit I've seen in a whils. I'm afraid there's not a bit of religion in
macroevolution, and you've made a rather grand statement that Science can
not explain origins; to a large extent, it already has!

>             //  Bill Rawlins            <wpr@atlanta.dg.com>        //

Peter W. Walker          "Yu, shall I tell you what knowledge is? When 
Dept. of Space Physics    you know a thing, say that you know it. When 
   and Astronomy          you do not know a thing, admit you do not know
Rice University           it. This is knowledge."
Houston, TX                     - K'ung-fu Tzu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53201
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.

Well, this is alt.atheism.  I hope you arent here to try to convert anyone.

>It makes sense to be one.

Many would disagree.

[...]
>The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.

Well, you shouldn't give any particular book too much weight.  Actually,
I don't think that any of these statements is correct.  It is more likely
that most of Jesus' fame was attributed to him after his death by those
who had some strong motives...

[...]
>Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
>the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.

What's a prophecy, and what's so significant about them?

>I don't think most people understand what a Christian is.

I think we understand.

>It is certainly not what I see a lot in churches.  Rather I think it 
>should be a way of life, and a total sacrafice of everything for God's 
>sake.

Well, sell your computer and donate you life to your religion now...
Don't waste any time.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53203
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1qkq9t$66n@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:

>I'll take a wild guess and say Freedom is objectively valuable.  I base
>this on the assumption that if everyone in the world were deprived utterly
>of their freedom (so that their every act was contrary to their volition),
>almost all would want to complain.  Therefore I take it that to assert or
>believe that "Freedom is not very valuable", when almost everyone can see
>that it is, is every bit as absurd as to assert "it is not raining" on
>a rainy day.  I take this to be a candidate for an objective value, and it
>it is a necessary condition for objective morality that objective values
>such as this exist.

	You have only shown that a vast majority ( if not all ) would
agree to this. However, there is nothing against a subjective majority.

	In any event, I must challenge your assertion. I know many 
societies- heck, many US citizens- willing to trade freedom for "security".


--- 

        " Whatever promises that have been made can than be broken. "

        John Laws, a man without the honor to keep his given word.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53208
From: chrisb@seachg.com (Chris Blask)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:
>In article <1993Apr7.163445.1203@wam.umd.edu> west@next02.wam.umd.edu writes:
>>> >> And belief causes far more horrors.
>>> >> Crusades, 
>>> >> the emasculation and internment of Native Americans,  
>>> >> the killing of various tribes in South America.
>>> >-the Inquisition
>>> >-the Counter-reformation and the wars that followed
>>> >-the Salem witch trials
>>> >-the European witch hunts
>>> >-the holy wars of the middle east
>>> >-the colonization/destruction of Africa
>>> >-the wars between Christianity and Islam (post crusade)
>>> >-the genocide (biblical) of the Canaanites and Philistines
>>> >-Aryian invasion of India
>>> >-the attempted genocide of Jews by Nazi Germany
>>> >-the current missionary assaults on tribes in Africa
>>> 
>>> I think all the horrors you mentioned are due to *lack* of people
>>> following religion.
.d.
>By lack of people following religion I also include fanatics- people
>that don't know what they are following.
.d.
>So how do you know that you were right?
>Why are you trying to shove down my throat that religion causes horrors.
>It really covers yourself- something false to save yourself.
>
>Peace,
>
>Bobby Mozumder
>
I just thought of another one, in the Bible, so it's definately not because
of *lack* of religion.  The Book of Esther (which I read the other day for
other reasons) describes the origin of Pur'im, a Jewish celbration of joy
and peace.  The long and short of the story is that 75,000 people were
killed when people were tripping over all of the peacefull solutions 
lying about (you couldn't swing a sacred cow without slammin into a nice,
peaceful solution.)  'Course Joshua and the jawbone of an ass spring to
mind...

I agree with Bobby this far: religion as it is used to kill large numbers
of people is usually not used in the form or manner that it was originally
intended for.

That doesn't reduce the number of deaths directly caused by religion, it is
just a minor observation of the fact that there is almost nothing pure in
the Universe.  The very act of honestly attempting to find true meaning in
religious teaching has many times inspired hatred and led to war.  Many
people have been led by religious leaders more involved in their own
stomache-contentsthan in any absolute truth, and have therefore been driven to
kill by their leaders.

The point is that there are many things involved in religion that often
lead to war.  Whether these things are a part of religion, an unpleasant
side effect or (as Bobby would have it) the result of people switching
between Religion and Atheism spontaneously, the results are the same.  

@Religious groups have long been involved in the majority of the bloodiest
parts of Man's history.@

Atheists, on the other hand (preen,preen) are typically not an ideological
social caste, nor are they driven to organize and spread their beliefs.
The overuse of Nazism and Stalinism just show how true this is:  Two groups
with very clear and specific ideologies using religious persecution to
further their means.  Anyone who cannot see the obvious - namely that these
were groups founded for reasons *entirely* their own, who used religious
persecution not because of any belief system but because it made them more
powerfull - is trying too hard.  Basically, Bobby uses these examples
because there are so few wars that were *not* *specifically* fought over
religion that he does not have many choices.

Well, I'm off to Key West where the only flames are heating the bottom of
little silver butter-dishes.

-ciao

-chris blask

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53209
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql7utINN5sg@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >I want to know how this omniscient being is going to perform
|> >the feat of "definitely" terming actions right or wrong.
|> 
|> If you were omniscient, you'd know who exactly did what, and with what
|> purpose in mind.  Then, with a particular goal in mind, you sould be
|> able to methodically judge whether or not this action was in accordance
|> with the general goal.

But now you are contradicting yourself in a pretty massive way,
and I don't think you've even noticed.

In another part of this thread, you've been telling us that the
"goal" of a natural morality is what animals do to survive.

But suppose that your omniscient being told you that the long
term survival of humanity requires us to exterminate some 
other species, either terrestrial or alien.

Does that make it moral to do so?

jon. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53210
From: Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

In article <1ql71pINN5ef@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan
Schneider) says:
>
>Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
>
>>Sure, they may fall back on other things, but this is one they
>>should not have available to use.
>
>It is worse than others?  The National Anthem?  Should it be changed too?
>God Bless America?  The list goes on...

Worse?  Maybe not, but it is definately a violation of the
rules the US govt. supposedly follows.  Maybe the others
should be changed to?  But I'm not personally as concerned
about the anthem since I don't come across it in daily
nearly unavoidable routines.

>>every christian.  And I'd be tempted to rub that motto in the
>>face of christians when debunking their standard motto slinging
>>gets boring.
>
>Then you'd be no better than the people you despise.

I don't despise the people...just their opinions.  I meant
when chatting with the ones who refuse to listen to any idea
other than their own...then it just becomes an exercise for
amusement.

>[...]
>>For the motto to be legitimate, it would have to read:
>>   "In god, gods, or godlessness we trust"
>
>Would you approve of such a motto?

No.  ...not unless the only way to get rid of the current one
was to change it to such as that.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53211
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Moraltiy? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql8ekINN635@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >>>>What if I act morally for no particular reason?  Then am I moral?  What
|> >>>>if morality is instinctive, as in most animals?
|> >>>
|> >>>Saying that morality is instinctive in animals is an attempt to 
|> >>>assume your conclusion.
|> >>
|> >>Which conclusion?
|> >
|> >You conclusion - correct me if I err - that the behaviour which is
|> >instinctive in animals is a "natural" moral system.
|> 
|> See, we are disagreeing on the definition of moral here.  Earlier, you said
|> that it must be a conscious act.  By your definition, no instinctive
|> behavior pattern could be an act of morality.  You are trying to apply
|> human terms to non-humans.

Pardon me?   *I* am trying to apply human terms to non-humans?

I think there must be some confusion here.   I'm the guy who is
saying that if animal behaviour is instinctive then it does *not*
have any moral sugnificance.   How does refusing to apply human
terms to animals get turned into applying human terms?

|> I think that even if someone is not conscious of an alternative, 
|> this does not prevent his behavior from being moral.

I'm sure you do think this, if you say so.   How about trying to
convince me?

|> 
|> >>You don't think that morality is a behavior pattern?  What is human
|> >>morality?  A moral action is one that is consistent with a given
|> >>pattern.  That is, we enforce a certain behavior as moral.
|> >
|> >You keep getting this backwards.  *You* are trying to show that
|> >the behaviour pattern is a morality.  Whether morality is a behavior 
|> >pattern is irrelevant, since there can be behavior pattern, for
|> >example the motions of the planets, that most (all?) people would
|> >not call a morality.
|> 
|> I try to show it, but by your definition, it can't be shown.

I've offered, four times, I think, to accept your definition if
you allow me to ascribe moral significence to the orbital motion
of the planets.

|> 
|> And, morality can be thought of a large class of princples.  It could be
|> defined in terms of many things--the laws of physics if you wish.  However,
|> it seems silly to talk of a "moral" planet because it obeys the laws of
|> phyics.  It is less silly to talk about animals, as they have at least
|> some free will.

Ah, the law of "silly" and "less silly".   what Mr Livesey finds 
intuitive is "silly" but what Mr Schneider finds intuitive is "less 
silly".

Now that's a devastating argument, isn't it.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53212
From: jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <115571@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>In article <2BCC892B.21864@ics.uci.edu> bvickers@ics.uci.edu (Brett J. Vickers) writes:
>
>>In article <115290@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>
>>>Well, seeing as you are not muslim the sort of fatwa issued by Khomeini
>>>would not be relevant to you. I can understand your fear of persecution
>>>and I share it even more than you (being muslim), however Rushdie's
>>>behavior was not completely excusable.

As much as I considered some of the (so-called) Islam-related dialogue
here a total waste of time, I somehow can't restrain myself in this
instance, so, Gregg, try this:

20:52 P.S.T.  I come to my senses and accept the all-knowing
wisdom and power of the Quran and Allah.  Not only that, but Allah 
himself drops by to congratulate me on my wise choice. Allah rolls a
few bones and we get down.  Then Allah gets out the Crisco, bends 
over, and invites me to take a spin around the block.  Wow.

20:56 P.S.T.  I realize that maybe Allah is looking for more of a 
commitment than I'm ready for, so I say "Man, I've got some
programming to do.  Gotta go.  I'll call you."

20:59 P.S.T   Thinking it over, I renounce Islam.

BTW, Gregg, Allah said he still thinks of you.

Jim


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53213
From: mas@Cadence.COM (Masud Khan)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <16BAFA9D9.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
> 
> 
>Yes, but, fortunately, religions have been replaced by systems
>that value Human Rights higher.

Secular laws seem to value criminal life more than the victims life,
Islam places the rights of society and every member in it above 
the rights of the individual, this is what I call true human rights.

> 
>By the way, do you actually support the claim of precedence of Islamic
>Law? In case you do, what about the laws of other religions?

As a Muslim living in a non-Muslim land I am bound by the laws of the land
I live in, but I do not disregard Islamic Law it still remains a part of my 
life. If the laws of a land conflict with my religion to such an extent
that I am prevented from being allowed to practise my religion then I must 
leave the land. So in a way Islamic law does take precendence over secular law
but we are instructed to follow the laws of the land that we live in too.

In an Islamic state (one ruled by a Khaliphate) religions other than Islam
are allowed to rule by their own religious laws provided they don't affect
the genral population and don't come into direct conflict with state 
laws, Dhimmis (non-Muslim population) are exempt from most Islamic laws
on religion, such as fighting in a Jihad, giving Zakat (alms giving)
etc but are given the benefit of these two acts such as Military
protection and if they are poor they will receive Zakat.

> 
>If not, what has it got to do with Rushdie? And has anyone reliable
>information if he hadn't left Islam according to Islamic law?
>Or is the burden of proof on him?
>   Benedikt

After the Fatwa didn't Rushdie re-affirm his faith in Islam, didn't
he go thru' a very public "conversion" to Islam? If so he is binding
himself to Islamic Laws. He has to publicly renounce in his belief in Islam
so the burden is on him.

Mas


-- 
C I T I Z E N  +-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-+
_____   _____  | C A D E N C E  D E S I G N  S Y S T E M S  Inc. |
     \_/       | Masud Ahmed Khan mas@cadence.com All My Opinions|
_____/ \_____  +-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-+

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53214
From: mas@Cadence.COM (Masud Khan)
Subject: Re: Slavery (was Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: ...)

In article <1993Apr12.124221.22592@bradford.ac.uk> L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham) writes:
>
>Oh, this all sounds so nice!  Everyone helping each other and always smiling
>and fluffy bunnies everywhere.  Wake up!  People are just not like that.  It
>seems evident from history that no society has succeeded when it had to rely
>upon the goodwill and unselfishness of the people.  Isn't it obvious from
>places like Iran that even if there are only a few greedy people in society
>then they are going to be attracted to positions of power?  Sounds like a
>recipe for disaster.
>
>-- 
>
>Leonard               e-mail:  L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk

Leonard, I'll give you an example of this....

My father recently bought a business, the business price was 150,000 pounds
and my father approached the people in the community for help, he raised
60,000 pounds in interest free loans from friends and relatives and 
Muslims he knew, 50,000 had cash and the rest he got a business loan, after
paying off the Muslim lenders many of them helped him with further loans
to help him clear the bank debt and save him from further intrest, this
is an example of a Muslim community helping one another, why did they help
because of their common identity as Muslims. In turn my father has helped
with people buying houses to minimise the amount of intrest they pay 
and in some cases buy houses intrest free with the help of those more
fortunate in the community. 

The fact is Leonard it DOES work without a fluffy bunny in sight!
iThat is the beauty of Islam.

Mas


-- 
C I T I Z E N  +-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-+
_____   _____  | C A D E N C E  D E S I G N  S Y S T E M S  Inc. |
     \_/       | Masud Ahmed Khan mas@cadence.com All My Opinions|
_____/ \_____  +-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-+

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53215
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:

>>>Sure, they may fall back on other things, but this is one they
>>>should not have available to use.
>>It is worse than others?
>Worse?  Maybe not, but it is definately a violation of the
>rules the US govt. supposedly follows.

Oh?

>>>For the motto to be legitimate, it would have to read:
>>>   "In god, gods, or godlessness we trust"
>>Would you approve of such a motto?
>No.  ...not unless the only way to get rid of the current one
>was to change it to such as that.

What is wrong with *this* motto, now?  If you wouldn't approve of
even that one, I am beginning to think that you just have something
against mottos in general.  What do you think of "E plurbis unum?"

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53216
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

[...]
>>The "`little' things" above were in reference to Germany, clearly.  People
>>said that there were similar things in Germany, but no one could name any.
>That's not true.  I gave you two examples.  One was the rather
>pevasive anti-semitism in German Christianity well before Hitler
>arrived.  The other was the system of social ranks that were used
>in Imperail Germany and Austria to distinguish Jews from the rest 
>of the population.

These don't seem like "little things" to me.  At least, they are orders
worse than the motto.  Do you think that the motto is a "little thing"
that will lead to worse things?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53217
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>>Explain to me
>>>how instinctive acts can be moral acts, and I am happy to listen.
>>For example, if it were instinctive not to murder...
>Then not murdering would have no moral significance, since there
>would be nothing voluntary about it.

See, there you go again, saying that a moral act is only significant
if it is "voluntary."  Why do you think this?

And anyway, humans have the ability to disregard some of their instincts.

>>So, only intelligent beings can be moral, even if the bahavior of other
>>beings mimics theirs?
>You are starting to get the point.  Mimicry is not necessarily the 
>same as the action being imitated.  A Parrot saying "Pretty Polly" 
>isn't necessarily commenting on the pulchritude of Polly.

You are attaching too many things to the term "moral," I think.
Let's try this:  is it "good" that animals of the same species
don't kill each other.  Or, do you think this is right? 

Or do you think that animals are machines, and that nothing they do
is either right nor wrong?


>>Animals of the same species could kill each other arbitarily, but 
>>they don't.
>They do.  I and other posters have given you many examples of exactly
>this, but you seem to have a very short memory.

Those weren't arbitrary killings.  They were slayings related to some sort
of mating ritual or whatnot.

>>Are you trying to say that this isn't an act of morality because
>>most animals aren't intelligent enough to think like we do?
>I'm saying:
>	"There must be the possibility that the organism - it's not 
>	just people we are talking about - can consider alternatives."
>It's right there in the posting you are replying to.

Yes it was, but I still don't understand your distinctions.  What
do you mean by "consider?"  Can a small child be moral?  How about
a gorilla?  A dolphin?  A platypus?  Where is the line drawn?  Does
the being need to be self aware?

What *do* you call the mechanism which seems to prevent animals of
the same species from (arbitrarily) killing each other?  Don't
you find the fact that they don't at all significant?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53218
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>In another part of this thread, you've been telling us that the
>"goal" of a natural morality is what animals do to survive.

That's right.  Humans have gone somewhat beyond this though.  Perhaps
our goal is one of self-actualization.

>But suppose that your omniscient being told you that the long
>term survival of humanity requires us to exterminate some 
>other species, either terrestrial or alien.

Now you are letting an omniscient being give information to me.  This
was not part of the original premise.

>Does that make it moral to do so?

Which type of morality are you talking about?  In a natural sense, it
is not at all immoral to harm another species (as long as it doesn't
adversely affect your own, I guess).

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53219
From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: New Member

jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only) writes:
> Welcome.  I am the official keeper of the list of nicknames that people
> are known by on alt.atheism (didn't know we had such a list, did you).
> Your have been awarded the nickname of "Buckminster."  So the next time
> you post an article, sign with your nickname like so:
> Dave "Buckminster" Fuller.  Thanks again.
> 
> Jim "Humor means never having to say you're sorry" Copeland

Of course, the list has to agree with the nickname laws laid down by the
GIPU almost 2000 years ago (you know... the 9 of them that were written on
the iron tablets that melted once and had to be reinscribed?).  Since I am
a prophet of the GIPU I decree that you should post the whole list of
nicknames for the frequent posters here!

Nanci

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53220
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
>>as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.
>So, why "must" they have such laws?

The quotation marks should enclose "laws," not "must."

If there were no such rules, even instinctive ones or unwritten ones,
etc., then surely some sort of random chance would lead a chimp society
into chaos.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53221
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

In article <1qlef4INN8dn@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> [...]
|> >>The "`little' things" above were in reference to Germany, clearly.  People
|> >>said that there were similar things in Germany, but no one could name any.
|> >That's not true.  I gave you two examples.  One was the rather
|> >pevasive anti-semitism in German Christianity well before Hitler
|> >arrived.  The other was the system of social ranks that were used
|> >in Imperail Germany and Austria to distinguish Jews from the rest 
|> >of the population.
|> 
|> These don't seem like "little things" to me.  At least, they are orders
|> worse than the motto.  Do you think that the motto is a "little thing"
|> that will lead to worse things?

You don't think these are little things because with twenty-twenty
hindsight, you know what they led to.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53222
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1qlf7gINN8sn@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >In another part of this thread, you've been telling us that the
|> >"goal" of a natural morality is what animals do to survive.
|> 
|> That's right.  Humans have gone somewhat beyond this though.  Perhaps
|> our goal is one of self-actualization.

Humans have "gone somewhat beyond" what, exactly?    In one thread
you're telling us that natural morality is what animals do to
survive, and in this thread you are claiming that an omniscient
being can "definitely" say what is right and what is wrong.   So
what does this omniscient being use for a criterion?   The long-
term survival of the human species, or what?

How does omniscient map into "definitely" being able to assign
"right" and "wrong" to actions?

|> 
|> >But suppose that your omniscient being told you that the long
|> >term survival of humanity requires us to exterminate some 
|> >other species, either terrestrial or alien.
|> 
|> Now you are letting an omniscient being give information to me.  This
|> was not part of the original premise.

Well, your "original premises" have a habit of changing over time,
so perhaps you'd like to review it for us, and tell us what the
difference is between an omniscient being be able to assign "right"
and "wrong" to actions, and telling us the result, is. 

|> 
|> >Does that make it moral to do so?
|> 
|> Which type of morality are you talking about?  In a natural sense, it
|> is not at all immoral to harm another species (as long as it doesn't
|> adversely affect your own, I guess).

I'm talking about the morality introduced by you, which was going to
be implemented by this omniscient being that can "definitely" assign
"right" and "wrong" to actions.

You tell us what type of morality that is.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53223
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Slavery (was Re: Why is sex only allowed in marriage: ...)

In article <1993Apr15.081303.16532@Cadence.COM>, mas@Cadence.COM (Masud Khan) writes:
|> 
|> Leonard, I'll give you an example of this....
|> 
|> My father recently bought a business, the business price was 150,000 pounds
|> and my father approached the people in the community for help, he raised
|> 60,000 pounds in interest free loans from friends and relatives and 
|> Muslims he knew, 50,000 had cash and the rest he got a business loan, after
|> paying off the Muslim lenders many of them helped him with further loans
|> to help him clear the bank debt and save him from further intrest, this
|> is an example of a Muslim community helping one another, why did they help
|> because of their common identity as Muslims. In turn my father has helped
|> with people buying houses to minimise the amount of intrest they pay 
|> and in some cases buy houses intrest free with the help of those more
|> fortunate in the community. 

Sorry.   Wrong.    This is how banks got started in the first place.
Sooner or later your father and his pals will lend money to someone
who eventually goes broke, and then they will realise that they
havn't been managing risk very well.   Then they will ask themselves
what it is that they need to quantify risk, and to persuade borrowers
not to take on greater loans than they can carry.    And since they
don't all want the worry of doing the calculations and handling the
money, some of them will specialise in that.

Then they'll reinvent interest, but like good Muslims, they'll call
it something else.

|> 
|> The fact is Leonard it DOES work without a fluffy bunny in sight!
|> iThat is the beauty of Islam.

Riiiight.   That's why John Major opened a new government department
a couple of months ago to help to promote minority business.   Because
they can do it all themselves by lending one another cups of sugar.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53224
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1qlettINN8oi@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >>>Explain to me
|> >>>how instinctive acts can be moral acts, and I am happy to listen.
|> >>For example, if it were instinctive not to murder...
|> >
|> >Then not murdering would have no moral significance, since there
|> >would be nothing voluntary about it.
|> 
|> See, there you go again, saying that a moral act is only significant
|> if it is "voluntary."  Why do you think this?

If you force me to do something, am I morally responsible for it?

|> 
|> And anyway, humans have the ability to disregard some of their instincts.

Well, make up your mind.    Is it to be "instinctive not to murder"
or not?

|> 
|> >>So, only intelligent beings can be moral, even if the bahavior of other
|> >>beings mimics theirs?
|> >
|> >You are starting to get the point.  Mimicry is not necessarily the 
|> >same as the action being imitated.  A Parrot saying "Pretty Polly" 
|> >isn't necessarily commenting on the pulchritude of Polly.
|> 
|> You are attaching too many things to the term "moral," I think.
|> Let's try this:  is it "good" that animals of the same species
|> don't kill each other.  Or, do you think this is right? 

It's not even correct.    Animals of the same species do kill
one another.

|> 
|> Or do you think that animals are machines, and that nothing they do
|> is either right nor wrong?

Sigh.   I wonder how many times we have been round this loop.

I think that instinctive bahaviour has no moral significance.
I am quite prepared to believe that higher animals, such as
primates, have the beginnings of a moral sense, since they seem
to exhibit self-awareness.

|> 
|> 
|> >>Animals of the same species could kill each other arbitarily, but 
|> >>they don't.
|> >
|> >They do.  I and other posters have given you many examples of exactly
|> >this, but you seem to have a very short memory.
|> 
|> Those weren't arbitrary killings.  They were slayings related to some 
|> sort of mating ritual or whatnot.

So what?     Are you trying to say that some killing in animals
has a moral significance and some does not?   Is this your
natural morality>


|> 
|> >>Are you trying to say that this isn't an act of morality because
|> >>most animals aren't intelligent enough to think like we do?
|> >
|> >I'm saying:
|> >	"There must be the possibility that the organism - it's not 
|> >	just people we are talking about - can consider alternatives."
|> >
|> >It's right there in the posting you are replying to.
|> 
|> Yes it was, but I still don't understand your distinctions.  What
|> do you mean by "consider?"  Can a small child be moral?  How about
|> a gorilla?  A dolphin?  A platypus?  Where is the line drawn?  Does
|> the being need to be self aware?

Are you blind?   What do you think that this sentence means?

	"There must be the possibility that the organism - it's not 
	just people we are talking about - can consider alternatives."

What would that imply?

|> 
|> What *do* you call the mechanism which seems to prevent animals of
|> the same species from (arbitrarily) killing each other?  Don't
|> you find the fact that they don't at all significant?

I find the fact that they do to be significant. 

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53225
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <C5Jxru.2t8@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>What do you base your belief on atheism on?  Your knowledge and reasoning? 
>COuldn't that be wrong?
>

  Actually, my atheism is based on ignorance.  Ignorance of the
  existence of any god.  Don't fall into the "atheists don't believe
  because of their pride" mistake.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53226
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <115565@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>In article <1qi3l5$jkj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>
>>I hope an Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI, which
>>ripped off so many small depositors among the Muslim
>>community in the Uk and elsewhere.
>
>Grow up, childish propagandist.
>

  Gosh, Gregg.  I'm pretty good a reading between the lines, but
  you've given me precious little to work with in this refutation.
  Could you maybe flesh it out just a bit?  Or did I miss the full
  grandeur of it's content by virtue of my blinding atheism?



/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53228
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Morality? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql667INN54a@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>
>What I've been saying is that moral behavior is likely the null behavior.

  Do I smell .sig material here?


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53229
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql8mdINN674@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>
>But we were discussing it in relation to the death penalty.  And, the
>Constitution need not define each of the words within.  Anyone who doesn't
>know what cruel is can look in the dictionary (and we did).
>

  Or, with no dictionary available, they could gain first hand
  knowledge by suffering through one of your posts.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53230
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: <<Pompous ass

In article <1ql6jiINN5df@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>
>The "`little' things" above were in reference to Germany, clearly.  People
>said that there were similar things in Germany, but no one could name any.
>They said that these were things that everyone should know, and that they
>weren't going to waste their time repeating them.  Sounds to me like no one
>knew, either.  I looked in some books, but to no avail.

  If the Anne Frank exhibit makes it to your small little world,
  take an afternoon to go see it.  


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53231
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

In article <ofnWyG600WB699voA=@andrew.cmu.edu> pl1u+@andrew.cmu.edu (Patrick C Leger) writes:
>EVER HEAR OF
>BAPTISM AT BIRTH?  If that isn't preying on the young, I don't know what
>is...
>
  
  No, that's praying on the young.  Preying on the young comes
  later, when the bright eyed little altar boy finds out what the
  priest really wears under that chasible.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53232
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1qlfd4INN935@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >>Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
|> >>as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.
|> >
|> >So, why "must" they have such laws?
|> 
|> The quotation marks should enclose "laws," not "must."

Oh, Your Highness?   And exactly why "should" the quotation
marks enclose "laws," not "must."

In case you didn't notice, it's the function of the "must"
that I wish to ironicise.

|> 
|> If there were no such rules, even instinctive ones or unwritten ones,
|> etc., then surely some sort of random chance would lead a chimp society
|> into chaos.

Perhaps the chimps that failed to evolve cooperative behaviour
died out, and we are left with the ones that did evolve such
behaviour, entirely by chance.

Are you going to proclaim a natural morality every time an
organism evolves cooperative behaviour?

What about the natural morality of bee dance?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53235
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>Humans have "gone somewhat beyond" what, exactly?    In one thread
>you're telling us that natural morality is what animals do to
>survive, and in this thread you are claiming that an omniscient
>being can "definitely" say what is right and what is wrong.   So
>what does this omniscient being use for a criterion?   The long-
>term survival of the human species, or what?

Well, that's the question, isn't it?  The goals are probably not all that
obvious.  We can set up a few goals, like happiness and liberty and
the golden rule, etc.  But these goals aren't inherent.  They have to
be defined before an objective system is possible.

>How does omniscient map into "definitely" being able to assign
>"right" and "wrong" to actions?

It is not too difficult, one you have goals in mind, and absolute
knoweldge of everyone's intent, etc.

>>Now you are letting an omniscient being give information to me.  This
>>was not part of the original premise.
>Well, your "original premises" have a habit of changing over time,
>so perhaps you'd like to review it for us, and tell us what the
>difference is between an omniscient being be able to assign "right"
>and "wrong" to actions, and telling us the result, is. 

Omniscience is fine, as long as information is not given away.  Isn't
this the resolution of the free will problem?  An interactive omniscient
being changes the situation.

>>Which type of morality are you talking about?  In a natural sense, it
>>is not at all immoral to harm another species (as long as it doesn't
>>adversely affect your own, I guess).
>I'm talking about the morality introduced by you, which was going to
>be implemented by this omniscient being that can "definitely" assign
>"right" and "wrong" to actions.
>You tell us what type of morality that is.

Well, I was speaking about an objective system in general.  I didn't
mention a specific goal, which would be necessary to determine the
morality of an action.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53237
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Islam is caused by believing (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism)



In article <1993Apr13.173100.29861@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

>>I'm only saying that anything can happen under atheism.  Being a
>>beleiver, a knowledgeable one in religion, only good can happen.

This is becoming a tiresome statement.  Coming from you it is 
a definition, not an assertion:

   Islam is good.  Belief in Islam is good.  Therefore, being a 
   believer in Islam can produce only good...because Islam is
   good. Blah blah blah.

That's about as circular as it gets, and equally meaningless.  To
say that something produces only good because it is only good that 
it produces is nothing more than an unapplied definition.  And
all you're application is saying that it's true if you really 
believe it's true.  That's silly.

Conversely, you say off-handedly that _anything_ can happen under
atheism.  Again, just an offshoot of believe-it-and-it-becomes-true-
don't-believe-it-and-it-doesn't.  

Like other religions I'm aquainted with, Islam teaches exclusion and
caste, and suggests harsh penalties for _behaviors_ that have no
logical call for punishment (certain limits on speech and sex, for
example).  To me this is not good.  I see much pain and suffering
without any justification, except for the _waving of the hand_ of
some inaccessible god.

By the by, you toss around the word knowledgable a bit carelessly.
For what is a _knowledgeable believer_ except a contradiction of
terms.  I infer that you mean believer in terms of having faith.
And If you need knowledge to believe then faith has nothing
to do with it, does it?

-jim halat
   


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53238
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <115288@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>
>He'd have to be precise about is rejection of God and his leaving Islam.
>One is perfectly free to be muslim and to doubt and question the
>existence of God, so long as one does not _reject_ God. I am sure that
>Rushdie has be now made his atheism clear in front of a sufficient 
>number of proper witnesses. The question in regard to the legal issue
>is his status at the time the crime was committed. 


I'd have to say that I have a problem with any organization, 
religious or not, where the idea that _simple speech_ such
as this is the basis for a crime.

-jim halat                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53239
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <30121@ursa.bear.com>, halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
>In article <115288@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>>
>>He'd have to be precise about is rejection of God and his leaving Islam.
>>One is perfectly free to be muslim and to doubt and question the
>>existence of God, so long as one does not _reject_ God. I am sure that
>>Rushdie has be now made his atheism clear in front of a sufficient 
>>number of proper witnesses. The question in regard to the legal issue
>>is his status at the time the crime was committed. 
>

I'll also add that it is impossible to actually tell when one
_rejects_ god.  Therefore, you choose to punish only those who
_talk_ about it.  

>
>-jim halat                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53240
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: A silly question on x-tianity

In article <1993Apr14.175557.20296@daffy.cs.wisc.edu>, mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:

>Sorry to insult your homestate, but coming from where I do, Wisconsin
>is _very_ backwards.  I was never able to understand that people actually
>held such bigoted and backwards views until I came here.

I have never been to Wisconsin, though I have been to
neighbor Minnesota. Being a child of the Middle Atlantic (NY, NJ, PA)
I found that there were few states in the provences that stood
out in this youngster's mind: California, Texas, and Florida to 
name the most obvious three.  However, both Minnesota and Wisconsin
stuck out, solely on the basis of their politics.  Both have 
always translated to extremely liberal and progressive states.
And my recent trip to Minnestoa last summer served to support that
state's reputation.  My guess is that Wisconsin is probably the
same.  At least that was the impression the people of Minnesota left
with me about their neighbors.

The only question in my head about Wisconsin, though, is 
whether or not there is a cause-effect relationship between
cheese and serial killers :)

-jim halat

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53243
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: The nonexistance of Atheists?!

>DATE:   15 Apr 93 19:20:37 EDT
>FROM:   kmagnacca@eagle.wesleyan.edu
>
>In article <bskendigC5JCwx.Jzn@netcom.com>, bskendig@netcom.com (Brian Kendig) writes:
>>
>> [s.c.a quotes deleted]
>> 
>> It really looks like these people have no idea at all of what it means
>> to be atheist.  There are more Bobby Mozumder clones in the world than
>> I thought...
>
>Well, that explains some things; I posted on soc.religion.islam
>with an attached quote by Bobby to the effect that all atheists
>are lying evil scum, and asked if it was a commonly-held idea
>among muslims.  I got no response.  Asking about the unknown,
>I guess...

You should have tried one of the soc.culture groups in the Middle East
or South Asia area (they are a little more open than the Islam channel).  
I think someone defined atheists as polytheists cuz they say we think the 
world created itself (or something like that) so each particle is a God 
which created the other Gods.  The soc.culture.african is also nice for 
some contrasting viewpoints on the benevolence of religion.  Especially 
when Sudan is mentioned.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53248
From: 9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au (The Desert Brat)
Subject: Keith IS a relativist!

In article <1pigidINNsot@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:

> Not so.  If you are thrown into a cage with a tiger and get mauled, do you
> blame the tiger?

AHA! He admits it! He IS a moral relativist!

Keith, if you start wafffling on about how it is different for a human
to maul someone thrown into it's cage (so to speak), you'd better start
posting tome decent evidence or retract your 'I think there is an absolute
morality' blurb a few weeks ago.

> keith

The Desert Brat
-- 
John J McVey, Elc&Eltnc Eng, Whyalla, Uni S Australia,    ________
9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au      T.S.A.K.C.            \/Darwin o\
For replies, mail to whjjm@wh.whyalla.unisa.edu.au      /\________/
Disclaimer: Unisa hates my opinions.                       bb  bb
+------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
|"It doesn't make a rainbow any less beautiful that we | "God's name is smack  |
|understand the refractive mechanisms that chance to   | for some."            |
|produce it." - Jim Perry, perry@dsinc.com             |    - Alice In Chains  |
+------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53249
From: eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (A.Wainwright)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <healta.145.734928689@saturn.wwc.edu>, healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:
|> I hope you're not going to flame him.  Please give him the same coutesy you'
|> ve given me.
|> 
|> Tammy


If a person gives a well-balanced reasoned argument, Tammy, then all are
happy to discuss it with him.  If he makes astounding claims, which are not
backed up with any evidence then he must be expected to substantiate them.
If the original author had said that everything was his own opinion and not
supportable then people would have simply ignored him.  He did not.  He
claimed many things and his logic was seriously flawed.  His argument was for
christianity in an effort to try to convince atheists like myself to believe
him and his message.  I for one will not take things as read.  If you told me
that pink fluffy elephants did the dance of the sugar plum fairy on the dark
side of Jupiter then I would demand evidence!


Adda


-- 
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
|  Adda Wainwright        |    Does dim atal y llanw!         8o)         |
|  eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk |   8o)        Mae .sig 'ma ar werth!           |
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53250
From: lpzsml@unicorn.nott.ac.uk (Steve Lang)
Subject: Re: Objective Values 'v' Scientific Accuracy (was Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is)

In article <C5J718.Jzv@dcs.ed.ac.uk>, tk@dcs.ed.ac.uk (Tommy Kelly) wrote:
> In article <1qjahh$mrs@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
> 
> >Science ("the real world") has its basis in values, not the other way round, 
> >as you would wish it.  
> 
> You must be using 'values' to mean something different from the way I
> see it used normally.
> 
> And you are certainly using 'Science' like that if you equate it to
> "the real world".
> 
> Science is the recognition of patterns in our perceptions of the Universe
> and the making of qualitative and quantitative predictions concerning
> those perceptions.

Science is the process of modeling the real world based on commonly agreed
interpretations of our observations (perceptions).

> It has nothing to do with values as far as I can see.
> Values are ... well they are what I value.
> They are what I would have rather than not have - what I would experience
> rather than not, and so on.

Values can also refer to meaning.  For example in computer science the
value of 1 is TRUE, and 0 is FALSE.  Science is based on commonly agreed
values (interpretation of observations), although science can result in a
reinterpretation of these values.

> Objective values are a set of values which the proposer believes are
> applicable to everyone.

The values underlaying science are not objective since they have never been
fully agreed, and the change with time.  The values of Newtonian physic are
certainly different to those of Quantum Mechanics.

Steve Lang
SLANG->SLING->SLINK->SLICK->SLACK->SHACK->SHANK->THANK->THINK->THICK

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53251
From: 9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au (The Desert Brat)
Subject: Victims of various 'Good Fight's

In article <9454@tekig7.PEN.TEK.COM>, naren@tekig1.PEN.TEK.COM (Naren Bala) writes:

> LIST OF KILLINGS IN THE NAME OF RELIGION 
> 1. Iran-Iraq War: 1,000,000
> 2. Civil War in Sudan: 1,000,000
> 3, Riots in India-Pakistan in 1947: 1,000,000
> 4. Massacares in Bangladesh in 1971: 1,000,000
> 5. Inquistions in America in 1500s: x million (x=??)
> 6. Crusades: ??

7. Massacre of Jews in WWII: 6.3 million
8. Massacre of other 'inferior races' in WWII: 10 million
9. Communist purges: 20-30 million? [Socialism is more or less a religion]
10. Catholics V Protestants : quite a few I'd imagine
11. Recent goings on in Bombay/Iodia (sp?) area: ??
12. Disease introduced to Brazilian * oher S.Am. tribes: x million

> -- Naren

The Desert Brat
-- 
John J McVey, Elc&Eltnc Eng, Whyalla, Uni S Australia,    ________
9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au      T.S.A.K.C.            \/Darwin o\
For replies, mail to whjjm@wh.whyalla.unisa.edu.au      /\________/
Disclaimer: Unisa hates my opinions.                       bb  bb
+------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
|"It doesn't make a rainbow any less beautiful that we | "God's name is smack  |
|understand the refractive mechanisms that chance to   | for some."            |
|produce it." - Jim Perry, perry@dsinc.com             |    - Alice In Chains  |
+------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53252
From: 9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au (The Desert Brat)
Subject: Re: Keith Schneider - Stealth Poster?

In article <1pa0f4INNpit@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:

> But really, are you threatened by the motto, or by the people that use it?

Every time somone writes something and says it is merely describing the norm,
it is infact re-inforcing that norm upon those programmed not to think for
themselves. The motto is dangerous in itself, it tells the world that every
*true* American is god-fearing, and puts down those who do not fear gods. It
doesn't need anyone to make it dangerous, it does a good job itself by just
existing on your currency.

> keith

The Desert Brat
-- 
John J McVey, Elc&Eltnc Eng, Whyalla, Uni S Australia,    ________
9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au      T.S.A.K.C.            \/Darwin o\
For replies, mail to whjjm@wh.whyalla.unisa.edu.au      /\________/
Disclaimer: Unisa hates my opinions.                       bb  bb
+------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
|"It doesn't make a rainbow any less beautiful that we | "God's name is smack  |
|understand the refractive mechanisms that chance to   | for some."            |
|produce it." - Jim Perry, perry@dsinc.com             |    - Alice In Chains  |
+------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53256
From: dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller)
Subject: Re: It's all Mary's fault!

pl1u+@andrew.cmu.edu (Patrick C Leger) writes:
: You know, it just occurred to me today that this whole Christian thing
: can be blamed solely on Mary.
: 
: So, she's married to Joseph.  She gets knocked up.  What do you think
: ol' Joe will do if he finds she's been getting around?  So Mary comes up
: with this ridiculous story about God making her pregnant.  
: 

  Nice attempt Chris . . . verrry close.

  You missed the conspiracy by 1 step. Joseph knew who knocked her up.
He couldn't let it be known that somebody ELSE got ol' Mary prego. That
wouldn't do well for his popularity in the local circles. So what 
happened is that she was feeling guilty, he was feeling embarrassed, and
THEY decided to improve both of their images on what could have otherwise
been the downfall for both. Clever indeed. Come to think of it . . . I
have gained a new respect for the couple. Maybe Joseph and Mary should
receive all of the praise being paid to jesus.

Dave "Buckminster" Fuller
How is that one 'o keeper of the nicknames ?


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53257
From: cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <timmbake.735265296@mcl>, timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu ("Clam" Bake Timmons) writes:

> 
> >Fallacy #1: Atheism is a faith. Lo! I hear the FAQ beckoning once again...
> >[wonderful Rule #3 deleted - you're correct, you didn't say anything >about
> >a conspiracy]
> 
> Correction: _hard_ atheism is a faith.

Yes.
 
> 
> >>Rule #4:  Don't mix apples with oranges.  How can you say that the
> >>extermination by the Mongols was worse than Stalin?  Khan conquered people
> >>unsympathetic to his cause.That was atrocious.But Stalin killed millions of
> >>his own people who loved and worshipped _him_ and his atheist state!!How can
    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^     
> >>anyone be worse than that?
> 
> >I will not explain this to you again: Stalin did nothing in the name of
> >atheism. Whethe he was or was not an atheist is irrelevant.
> 
> Get a grip, man.  The Stalin example was brought up not as an
> indictment of atheism, but merely as another example of how people will
> kill others under any name that's fit for the occasion.

No, look again. While you never *said* it, the implication is pretty clear.
I'm sorry, but I can only respond to your words, not your true meaning. Usenet
is a slippery medium. 

[deleted wrt the burden of proof]
> 
> So hard atheism has nothing to prove?  Then how does it justify that
> God does not exist?  I know, there's the FAQ, etc.  But guess what -- if
> those justifications were so compelling why aren't people flocking to
> _hard_ atheism?  They're not, and they won't.  I for one will discourage
> people from hard atheism by pointing out those very sources as reliable
> statements on hard atheism.
> 
Look, I'm not supporting *any* dogmatic position. I'd be a fool to say that
in the large group of people that are atheists, no people exist who wish to
proselytize in the same fashion as religion. How many hard atheists do you 
see posting here, anyway? Maybe I'mm just not looking hard enough...

> Second, what makes you think I'm defending any given religion?  I'm merely
> recognizing hard atheism for what it is, a faith.

I never meant to do so, although I understand where you might get that idea.
I was merely using the 'bible' example as an allegory to illustrate my
point.

> 
> And yes, by "we" I am referring to every reader of the post.  Where is the
> evidence that the poster stated that he relied upon?

Evidence for what? Who? I think I may have lost this thread...
 
[why theists are arrogant deleted]
> >Because they say, "Such-and-such is absolutely unalterably True, because
>          ^^^^
> >my dogma says it is True." I am not prepared to issue blanket statements
> >indicting all theists of arrogance as you are wont to do with atheists.
> 
> Bzzt!  By virtue of your innocent little pronoun, "they", you've just issued
> a blanket statement.  At least I will apologize by qualifying my original
> statement with "hard atheist" in place of atheist.  Would you call John the
> Baptist arrogant, who boasted of one greater than he?  That's what many
> Christians do today.  How is that _in itself_ arrogant?

Guilty as charged. What I *meant* to say was, the theists who *are* arrogant
are this way because they say ...  Other than that, I thought my meaning
was clear enough. Any position that claims itself as superior to another with
no supporting evidence is arrogant. Thanks for your apology, btw.

> >
> >> I'm not worthy!
> >Only seriously misinformed.
> With your sophisticated put-down of "they", the theists, _your_ serious
> misinformation shines through.

Explained above.

> 
> --
> Bake Timmons, III
> 
> -- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
> than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53258
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Origins of the bible.

Adda Wainwright writes:

>He stated that thousands of bibles were discovered at a certain point in
>time which were syllable-perfect.  This therefore meant that there must have
>been one copy at a certain time; the time quoted by my acquaintance was
>approximately 50 years after the death of Jesus.

This is, as far as I know, complete nonsense.  The codification of the bible
as we have it now came very much later.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53260
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>In article <11847@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert
>Beauchaine) writes:
>>Bennett, Neil.  "How BCCI adapted the Koran rules of banking".  The 
>>Times.  August 13, 1991.
> 
> So, let's see. If some guy writes a piece with a title that implies
> something is the case then it must be so, is that it?

Gregg, you haven't provided even a title of an article to support *your*
contention.

>>  This is how you support a position if you intend to have anyone
>>  respect it, Gregg.  Any questions?  And I even managed to include
>>  the above reference with my head firmly engaged in my ass.  What's
>>  your excuse?
> 
> This supports nothing. I have no reason to believe that this is 
> piece is anything other than another anti-Islamic slander job.

You also have no reason to believe it *is* an anti-Islamic slander job, apart
from your own prejudices.

> I have no respect for titles, only for real content. I can look
> up this article if I want, true. But I can tell you BCCI was _not_
> an Islamic bank.

Why, yes.  What's a mere report in The Times stating that BCCI followed
Islamic banking rules?  Gregg *knows* Islam is good, and he *knows* BCCI were
bad, therefore BCCI *cannot* have been Islamic.  Anyone who says otherwise is
obviously spreading slanderous propaganda.

>                                      If someone wants to discuss
> the issue more seriously then I'd be glad to have a real discussion,
> providing references, etc.

I see.  If someone wants to provide references to articles you agree with,
you will also respond with references to articles you agree with?  Mmm, yes,
that would be a very intellectually stimulating debate.  Doubtless that's how
you spend your time in soc.culture.islam.

I've got a special place for you in my...

...kill file.  Right next to Bobby.  Want to join him?

The more you post, the more I become convinced that it is simply a waste of
time to try and reason with Moslems.  Is that what you are hoping to achieve?


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53261
From: dps@nasa.kodak.com (Dan Schaertel,,,)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article 11853@vice.ICO.TEK.COM, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
|>
|>  Yet I am still not a believer.  Is god not concerned with my
|>  disposition?  Why is it beneath him to provide me with the
|>  evidence I would require to believe?  The evidence that my
|>  personality, given to me by this god, would find compelling?

The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
love you.     The responsibility is on you to love God and take a step toward
Him.  He promises to be there for you, but you have to look for yourself.
Those who doubt this or dispute it have not givin it a sincere effort.
Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
know more than you do now.   To learn you must accept that which
you don't know.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53262
From: halat@panther.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <930419.104739.2t8.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew@mantis.co.uk (mathew) writes:
>mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
>>In article <30136@ursa.bear.com> halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
>>>Atoms are not objective.  They aren't even real.  What scientists call
>>>an atom is nothing more than a mathematical model that describes 
>>>certain physical, observable properties of our surroundings.  All
>>>of which is subjective.  
>> 
>> This deserves framing.  It really does.  "[Atoms] aren't even real."
>> 
>> Tell me then, those atoms we have seen with electron microscopes are
>> atoms now, so what are they?  Figments of our imaginations?  The
>> evidence that atoms are real is overwhelming, but I won't bother with
>> most evidence at the moment.
>
>HA HA HA!
>
>Sorry, but having studied cell biology, I have to say that "I can see it
>through an electron microscope, THEREFORE it is real" is a laughable
>statement.
>
[...stuff deleted...]

Thank you.  I thought I was in the twilight zone for a moment.
It still amazes me that many people with science backgrounds 
still confuse the models and observables with what even they
would call the real world.

-jim halat

                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                             







In article <30142@ursa.bear.com>, halat@panther.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
>In article <1993Apr17.153653.26206@Princeton.EDU>, datepper@phoenix.Princeton.EDU (David Aaron Tepper) writes:
>
>>You were a liberal arts major, weren'tcha?
>>
>>Guess you never saw that photo of the smallest logo in the world--
>>"IBM" made with noble gas atoms (krypton? xenon? I forget the
>>specifics).
>>
>>Atoms, trees, electrons are all independently observable and
>>verifiable. Morals aren't. See the difference?
>
>
>Just for the record ( not that any kind of information would be
>likely to affect your thinking ) I have an MSEE -- focus in
>Electromagnetics -- from Penn.
>
>A photo of the smallest logo in the world does not an atom make.
>What was observed is something we can measure that matches what 
>the mathematical model we call an atom had predicted.  
>
>Much in the same way that we need BOTH a particle model and a
>wave model for light, the atomic model is a mathematical
>representation of physical phenomena.  A model that can and
>probably will continue to change over time.  That makes it 
>subjective (the model that is).  However, the model gives us an
>objective way to talk about the physical world.
>
>To put it another way, the Quantum Mechanical model of the atom
>allows for discussion of the atom that will give repeatable and
>unambiguous results, which is objective.  However, as Bohr and
>Einstein duked it out mid-century, the interpretation of
>those reapeatable, observable measurements is quite subjective.
>Bohr said that the observable randomness of atomic motion was
>inherent in the nature of the universe.  Einstein said particle
>motion was deterministic, but it was our measurement shortcomings
>that introduced the randomness.  They were talking about the
>EXACT same results, though.
>
>-jim halat

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53265
From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
> There lies the hypocrisy, dude.  Atheism takes as much faith as theism.  
> Admit it!

Some people might think it takes faith to be an atheist... but faith in
what?  Does it take some kind of faith to say that the Great Invisible Pink
Unicorn does not exist?  Does it take some kind of faith to say that Santa
Claus does not exist?  If it does (and it may for some people I suppose) it
certainly isn't as big a leap of faith to say that these things (and god)
DO exist.  (I suppose it depends on your notion and definition of "faith".)

Besides... not believing in a god means one doesn't have to deal with all
of the extra baggage that comes with it!  This leaves a person feeling
wonderfully free, especially after beaten over the head with it for years!
I agree that religion and belief is often an important psychological healer
for many people and for that reason I think it's important.  However,
trying to force a psychological fantasy (I don't mean that in a bad way,
but that's what it really is) on someone else who isn't interested is
extremely rude.  What if I still believed in Santa Claus and said that my
belief in Santa did wonderful things for my life (making me a better
person, allowing me to live without guilt, etc...) and then tried to get
you to believe in Santa too just 'cuz he did so much for me?  You'd call
the men in white coats as soon as you could get to a phone.

> --
> Bake Timmons, III

Nanci  (just babbling... :-))
.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
Spring is nature's way of saying, 'Let's party!'


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53266
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

I apologize for the long delay in getting a response to this posted.
I've been working reduced hours the past couple of weeks because I had
a son born (the day after Umar's article was posted, btw).  I did
respond within a couple of days, but it turns out that a a
coincidental news software rearrangement caused postings from this
site to silently disappear rather than going out into the world.  This
is a revision of that original response.

In article <C52q47.7Ct@ra.nrl.navy.mil> khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil (Umar Khan) writes:
>In article <1ps98fINNm2u@dsi.dsinc.com> perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:
>>Only a functional illiterate with absolutely no conception of the
>>nature of the novel could think such a thing.

[this was in response to the claim that "Rushdie made false statements
about the life of Mohammed", with the disclaimer "(fiction, I know,
but where is the line between fact and fiction?) - I stand by this
distinction between fiction and "false statements"]

>>However, it's not for his writing in _The Satanic Verses_, but for
>>what people have accepted as a propagandistic version of what is
>>contained in that book.  I have yet to find *one single muslim* who
>>has convinced me that they have read the book.  Some have initially
>>claimed to have done so, but none has shown more knowledge of the book
>>than a superficial Newsweek story might impart, and all have made
>>factual misstatements about events in the book.
>
>You keep saying things like this.  Then, you accuse people like me of
>making ad hominem arguments.  I repeat, as I have said in previous
>postings on AA: I *have* read TSV from cover to cover

I had not seen that claim, or I might have been less sweeping.  You
have made what I consider factual misstatements about events in the
book, which I have raised in the past, in the "ISLAM: a clearer view"
thread as well as the root of the "Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]"
thread.  My statement was not that you had not read the book, but that
you had not convinced me that you [inter alia] had.  As I said before,
if you want to defend your position, then produce evidence, and
respond to the evidence I have posted; so far you have not.  Of
course, my statement was not directly aimed at you, but broadly at a
number of Muslim posters who have repeated propaganda about the book,
indicating that they haven't read it, and narrowly at Gregg Jaeger,
who subsequently admitted that he hadn't in fact read the book,
vindicating my skepticism in at least that one case.

So far, the only things I have to go on regarding your own case are a)
the statements you made concerning the book in the "a clearer view"
posting, which I have challenged (not interpretation, but statements
of fact, for instance "Rushdie depicts the women of the most
respected family in all of Islam as whores"), and b) your claim (which
I had not seen before this) that you have indeed read it cover to
cover.  I am willing to try to resolve this down to a disagreement on
critical interpretation, but you'll have to support your end, by
responding to my criticism.  I have no doubt as to the ability of a
particular Muslim to go through this book with a highlighter finding
passages to take personal offense at, but you have upheld the view
that "TSV *is* intended as an attack on Islam and upon Muslims".  This
view must be defended by more than mere assertion, if you want anyone
to take it seriously.

>I am trying very hard to be amicable and rational.  

And I appreciate it, but welcome to the club.  I am defending my
honest opinion that this book should not be construed as a calculated
(or otherwise) insulting attack on Islam, and the parallel opinion
that most of the criticism of the book I have seen is baseless
propaganda.  I have supported my statements and critical
interpretationa with in-context quotes from the book and Rushdie's
essays, which is more than my correspondents have done.  Of course,
you are more than welcome to do so.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53267
From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics


Chris Faehl writes:

> >Many atheists do not mock the concept of a god, they are shocked that
> >so many theists have fallen to such a low level that they actually
> >believe in a god.  You accuse all atheists of being part of a conspiracy,
> >again without evidence.
>
>> Rule *2:  Condescending to the population at large (i.e., theists) will >not
>> win many people to your faith anytime soon.  It only ruins your credibility.

>Fallacy #1: Atheism is a faith. Lo! I hear the FAQ beckoning once again...
>[wonderful Rule #3 deleted - you're correct, you didn't say anything >about
>a conspiracy]

Correction: _hard_ atheism is a faith.

>> Rule #4:  Don't mix apples with oranges.  How can you say that the
>> extermination by the Mongols was worse than Stalin?  Khan conquered people
>> unsympathetic to his cause. That was atrocious. But Stalin killed millions of
>> his own people who loved and worshipped _him_ and his atheist state!!  How can
>> anyone be worse than that?

>I will not explain this to you again: Stalin did nothing in the name of
>atheism. Whethe he was or was not an atheist is irrelevant.

Get a grip, man.  The Stalin example was brought up not as an
indictment of atheism, but merely as another example of how people will
kill others under any name that's fit for the occasion.

>> Rule #6:  If you rely on evidence, state it.  We're waiting.

>As opposed to relying on a bunch of black ink on some crumbling old paper...
>Atheism has to prove nothing to you or anyone else. It is the burden of
>dogmatic religious bullshit to provide their 'evidence'. Which 'we'
>might you be referring to, and how long are you going to wait?

So hard atheism has nothing to prove?  Then how does it justify that
God does not exist?  I know, there's the FAQ, etc.  But guess what -- if
those justifications were so compelling why aren't people flocking to
_hard_ atheism?  They're not, and they won't.  I for one will discourage
people from hard atheism by pointing out those very sources as reliable
statements on hard atheism.

Second, what makes you think I'm defending any given religion?  I'm merely
recognizing hard atheism for what it is, a faith.

And yes, by "we" I am referring to every reader of the post.  Where is the
evidence that the poster stated that he relied upon?
>
>> Oh yes, though I'm not a theist, I can say safely that *by definition* many
>> theists are not arrogant, since they boast about something _outside_
>> themselves, namely, a god or gods.  So in principle it's hard to see how
>> theists are necessarily arrogant.

>Because they say, "Such-and-such is absolutely unalterably True, because
         ^^^^
>my dogma says it is True." I am not prepared to issue blanket statements
>indicting all theists of arrogance as you are wont to do with atheists.

Bzzt!  By virtue of your innocent little pronoun, "they", you've just issued
a blanket statement.  At least I will apologize by qualifying my original
statement with "hard atheist" in place of atheist.  Would you call John the
Baptist arrogant, who boasted of one greater than he?  That's what many
Christians do today.  How is that _in itself_ arrogant?
>
>> I'm not worthy!
>Only seriously misinformed.
With your sophisticated put-down of "they", the theists, _your_ serious
misinformation shines through.

--
Bake Timmons, III

-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53269
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism)

In <16BB4C522.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:

>In article <1993Apr17.122329.21438@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
>darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
> 
>>>>"AND IT IS HE (GOD ALMIGHTY) WHO CREATED THE NIGHT AND THE
>>>>DAY, AND THE SUN AND THE EARTH:  ALL (THE CELETIAL BODIES)
>>>>SWIM ALONG, EACH IN ITS ROUNDED COURSE."  (Holy Quran 21:33)
>>
>>>Hmm. This agrees with the Ptolemic system of the earth at the centre,
>>>with the planets orbitting round it. So Copernicus and Gallileo were
>>>wrong after all!
>>
>>You haven't read very carefully -- if you look again, you will see that
>>it doesn't say anything about what is circling what.
> 
>Anyway, they are not moving in circles.  

Oops, sorry, my words, not the words of the Qur'an.

>Nor is there any evidence that
>everything goes around in a rounded course in a general sense. Wishy-
>washy statements are not scientific.

Note that "(the celestial bodies)" in the above verse is an
interpolation (which is why it is in brackets) -- it is the translator's 
(incorrect, IMHO) interpretation.

Here is Maurice Bucaille's translation (he studied Arabic for his
research into the Qur'an and science) of this verse:

"(God is) the One Who created the night, the day, the sun and the moon.
Each is travelling in an orbit with its own motion." (Qur'an :33)

The positive aspect of this verse noted by Dr. Maurice Bucaille is that
while geocentrism was the commonly accepted notion at the time (and for
a long time afterwards), there is no notion of geocentrism in this verse
(or anywhere in the Qur'an).

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53271
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism)

In <CINDY.93Apr18124333@solan10.solan.unit.no> cindy@solan10.solan.unit.no (Cynthia Kandolf) writes:

>Various quotes deleted in the interest of saving a little bit of
>bandwidth, but i will copy the Koran quote:
>>>>"AND IT IS HE (GOD ALMIGHTY) WHO CREATED THE NIGHT AND THE
>>>>DAY, AND THE SUN AND THE EARTH:  ALL (THE CELETIAL BODIES)
>>>>SWIM ALONG, EACH IN ITS ROUNDED COURSE."  (Holy Quran 21:33)

>As it has been pointed out, this quote makes no claim about what
>orbits what.  The idea that something orbited something had been held
>as true for many years before the Koran was written, so the fact that
>it says something orbits something is hardly surprising insight.  My
>concern is with the word "rounded". 

>There are two interpretations of this word:
>1. It means in a circle.  This is wrong, although many believed it to
>be true at the time the Koran was written.  In other words, it is not
>describing our neighborhood of the universe as it really exists, but
>as it was thought to be at the time.  This has implications which i
>hope are obvious to everyone.
>2. It means "in a rounded shape", which could include elipses (the
>geometrical form which most nearly describes the orbits of the
>planets).  This is also not a great insight.  Look at the shapes you
>see in nature.  Very few of them even approach a square or rectangle;
>those are human-created shapes.  Everything in nature is rounded to
>some degree.  Even the flat-earthers don't try to claim Earth is a
>rectangle.  Children who draw imaginary animals seldom give them
>rectangular bodies.  We seem to instinctively recognize that nature
>produces rounded shapes; hence, the assumption that the orbits of the
>planets would be round hardly takes divine inspiration.

It is good to remember that every translation is to some extent an
interpretation, so (as you point out below) one must really go back to
the original Arabic.  Regarding the verses relevant to nature, I prefer
to use Dr. Maurice Bucaille's translations (in his book, "The Bible, the
Qur'an and Science") for in general his translations are more literal.
 
Maurice Bucaille translates the portion of the verse you are addressing
as 

"...Each one is travelling with an orbit in its own motion."

(Also note that "the celestial bodies" in the first translation quoted
by you above is the translator's interpolation -- it is not existent in
the original Arabic, which is why it is included in brackets.) 

>Perhaps someone who can read the original Arabic can eliminate one of
>these interpretations; at any rate, neither one of them is exactly
>impressive.

You're right, what the verses _do_ contain isn't all that remarkable.

However, Dr. Bucaille (a surgeon, that's how he's a "Dr.") thinks it is
significant that the above verse contains no geocentric ideas, even
though geocentrism was all the rage up until the 17th century (?) or so.
(And this goes for the rest of the Qur'an as well, which has about 750
verses or so regarding nature, I think I remember reading once.)

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53272
From: ch981@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Tony Alicea)
Subject: Southern Baptist Convention & Freemasonry


     With the Southern Baptist Convention convening this June to consider
the charges that Freemasonry is incompatible with christianity, I thought
the following quotes by Mr. James Holly, the Anti-Masonic Flag Carrier,
would amuse you all...

     The following passages are exact quotes from "The Southern 
Baptist Convention and Freemasonry" by James L. Holly, M.D., President
of Mission and Ministry To Men, Inc., 550 N 10th St., Beaumont, TX 
77706. 
 
     The inside cover of the book states: "Mission & Ministry to Men, 
Inc. hereby grants permission for the reproduction of part or all of 
this booklet with two provisions: one, the material is not changed and
two, the source is identified." I have followed these provisions. 
  
     "Freemasonry is one of the allies of the Devil" Page iv. 
 
     "The issue here is not moderate or conservative, the issue is God
and the Devil" Page vi." 
 
     "It is worthwhile to remember that the formulators of public 
school education in America were Freemasons" Page 29. 
 
     "Jesus Christ never commanded toleration as a motive for His 
disciples, and toleration is the antithesis of the Christian message."
Page 30. 
 
     "The central dynamic of the Freemason drive for world unity 
through fraternity, liberty and equality is toleration. This is seen 
in the writings of the 'great' writers of Freemasonry". Page 31. 
 
     "He [Jesus Christ] established the most sectarian of all possible 
faiths." Page 37. 
 
     "For narrowness and sectarianism, there is no equal to the Lord 
Jesus Christ". Page 40. 
 
     "What seems so right in the interest of toleration and its 
cousins-liberty, equality and fraternity-is actually one of the 
subtlest lies of the 'father of lies.'" Page 40. 
 
     "The Southern Baptist Convention has many churches which were 
founded in the Lodge and which have corner stones dedicated by the 
Lodge. Each of these churches should hold public ceremonies of 
repentance and of praying the blood and the Name of the Lord Jesus 
Christ over the church and renouncing the oaths taken at the 
dedication of the church and/or building." Page 53-54.  
 

Tony   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53274
From: yohan@citation.ksu.ksu.edu (Jonathan W Newton)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior


In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>Merely a question for the basis of morality
>
>Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.

I disagree with these.  What society thinks should be irrelevant.  What the
individual decides is all that is important.

>
>1)Who is society

I think this is fairly obvious

>
>2)How do "they" define what is acceptable?

Generally by what they "feel" is right, which is the most idiotic policy I can
think of.

>
>3)How do we keep from a "whatever is legal is what is "moral" "position?

By thinking for ourselves.

>
>MAC
>--
>****************************************************************
>                                                    Michael A. Cobb
> "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
>    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
>          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
>                                              
>With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53275
From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Origins of the bible.

In article <1993Apr19.141112.15018@cs.nott.ac.uk>, eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (A.Wainwright) writes:
> Hi,
> 
> I have been having an argument about the origins of the bible lately with
> a theist acquaintance.  He stated that thousands of bibles were discovered
> at a certain point in time which were syllable-perfect.  This therefore
> meant that there must have been one copy at a certain time; the time quoted
> by my acquaintace was approximately 50 years after the death of Jesus.

Hi Adda,

Most Bible scholars agree that there was one copy of each book at a certain
time -- the time when the author wrote it.  Unfortunately, like all works
from this time period and earlier, all that exists today are copies. 

> 
> Cutting all of the crap out of the way (ie god wrote it) could anyone answer
> the following:
> 
> 1.  How old is the oldest surviving copy of the new testament?

There are parts of books, scraps really, that date from around the
mid second century (A.D. 130+).  There are some complete books, letters,
etc. from the middle third century.  The first complete collection of
the New Testament dates from the early 4th century (A.D. 325).  Throughout
this period are writings of various early church fathers/leaders who
quoted various scriptures in their writings.

> 2.  Is there any truth in my acquaintance's statements?

If you mean that someone discovered thousands of "Bibles" which were all
perfect copies dating from the last part of the 1st century...No!

If you mean that there are thousands of early manuscripts (within the
dates given above, but not letter perfect) and that the most probable
text can be reconstructed from these documents and that the earliest
original autographs (now lost) probably were written starting sometime
shortly after A.D. 50, then yes.

> 3.  From who/where did the bible originate?

From the original authors.  We call them Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, Peter,
Paul, James, and one other not identified.

> 4.  How long is a piece of string? ;-)

As long as you make it.

> 
> Adda
> 
> -- 

Regards,

Jim B.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53276
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <madhausC5rFqo.9qL@netcom.com> madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann) writes:
>
>"Clam" Bake Timmons = Bill "Shit Stirrer Connor"
>

  Sorry, gotta disagree with you on this one Maddi (not the
  resemblence to Bill.  The nickname).

  I prefer "Half" Bake'd Timmons

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53277
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Requests

In article <healta.157.735271671@saturn.wwc.edu> healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:
>
>Bob, if you're wanting an excuse to convert to Christianity, you gonna have 
>to look elsewhere.
>

  Damn.  And I did so have my hopes up.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53278
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

In article <sandvik-190493224221@sandvik-kent.apple.com> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:
>
>As I know you can't get any physical problems by passive Christianity,
>unlike smoking. It's not that hard to avoid Christianity today, anyway.
>Just ignore 'em.
>

  Right on Keith, err, Kent.  

  Whadda you mean, you didn't see the smiley?

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53279
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: What's a shit shoveler to do? (was Re: Amusing atheists and)

In article <1qvn1pINNj90@shelley.u.washington.edu> jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan) writes:
>
>When the various Bill Conners and Bobbys post here, I felt that 
>their passive-aggressive "knock that chip off my shoulder"
>type of approach meant that attempts at reasoned argument 
>would be wasted.   I still think that.  However, while more 
>primitive responses (teasing, bronx cheers, sarcasm) are somewhat
>satisfying ( :-)  apologies to anyone who still thinks Bobby is
>a performance artist! ), some of them feed in to a pointless,
>circular round of ad hominem name-calling.  Witness:
>

  Precisely my position.  

  As a newbie, I tried the point-by-point approach to debate with
  these types.  It wasted both my time and my lifespan.  Ignoring
  them is not an option, since they don't go away, and doing so
  would leave one with large stretches of complete anonymity in this
  group.

  What's left?  Healthy flaming.  I'm sure on occassion I've
  appeared to be little more than a caustic boob to some of the
  Bobby types.  But why waste breath arguing with someone whose most
  rational though process involves his excretory system?

  And I stand by my record of recognizing these people long before
  most of the rest of the group.  So let's see what this Timmons
  character has in store for us...

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53280
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>In article 11853@vice.ICO.TEK.COM, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>|>
>|>  Yet I am still not a believer.  Is god not concerned with my
>|>  disposition?  Why is it beneath him to provide me with the
>|>  evidence I would require to believe?  The evidence that my
>|>  personality, given to me by this god, would find compelling?
>
>The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
>But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
>you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
>love you.     

  First, I don't expect them to love me if they don't even know I
  exist.  Secondly, I wouldn't expect them to love me simply because
  they were my creator.  I would expect to have to earn that love.

>The responsibility is on you to love God and take a step toward
>Him.  He promises to be there for you, but you have to look for yourself.

  Are you daft?  How do I love something I don't believe exists?
  Come back when you've learned to love your third testicle.

>Those who doubt this or dispute it have not givin it a sincere effort.
>Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
>that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
>Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
>the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
>know more than you do now.   To learn you must accept that which
>you don't know.

  At which point you have stepped over the line and become a
  complete asshole.  Even though it's your first offense, I won't
  let it slip becuase I've heard it too goddamned many times.

  You love Jesus because deep in your heart you're a cannibalistic
  necrophiliac.  Because I say so, and I'm much more qualified to
  assess your motivations than you are.

  Fortunately, there are some things I get to accept on evidence
  rather than faith.  One of them being that until christians like
  yourself quit being so fucking arrogant, there will never be
  peace.  You've all made sure of that.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53281
From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics


James Hogan writes:

timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
>>Jim Hogan quips:

>>... (summary of Jim's stuff)

>>Jim, I'm afraid _you've_ missed the point.

>>>Thus, I think you'll have to admit that  atheists have a lot
>>more up their sleeve than you might have suspected.

>>Nah.  I will encourage people to learn about atheism to see how little atheists
>>have up their sleeves.  Whatever I might have suspected is actually quite
>>meager.  If you want I'll send them your address to learn less about your
>>faith.

>Faith?

Yeah, do you expect people to read the FAQ, etc. and actually accept hard
atheism?  No, you need a little leap of faith, Jimmy.  Your logic runs out
of steam!

>>>Fine, but why do these people shoot themselves in the foot and mock
>>>the idea of a God?  ....

>>>I hope you understand now.

>>Yes, Jim.  I do understand now.  Thank you for providing some healthy sarcasm
>>that would have dispelled any sympathies I would have had for your faith.

>Bake,

>Real glad you detected the sarcasm angle, but am really bummin' that
>I won't be getting any of your sympathy.  Still, if your inclined
>to have sympathy for somebody's *faith*, you might try one of the
>religion newsgroups.

>Just be careful over there, though. (make believe I'm
>whispering in your ear here)  They're all delusional!

Jim,

Sorry I can't pity you, Jim.  And I'm sorry that you have these feelings of
denial about the faith you need to get by.  Oh well, just pretend that it will
all end happily ever after anyway.  Maybe if you start a new newsgroup,
alt.atheist.hard, you won't be bummin' so much?

>Good job, Jim.
>.

>Bye, Bake.


>>[more slim-Jim (tm) deleted]

>Bye, Bake!
>Bye, Bye!

Bye-Bye, Big Jim.  Don't forget your Flintstone's Chewables!  :) 
--
Bake Timmons, III

-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53282
From: agrino@enkidu.mic.cl (Andres Grino Brandt)
Subject: Studies on Book of Mormon

Hi!

I don't know much about Mormons, and I want to know about serious independent
studies about the Book of Mormon.

I don't buy the 'official' story about the gold original taken to heaven,
but haven't read the Book of Mormon by myself (I have to much work learning
Biblical Hebrew), I will appreciate any comment about the results of study
in style, vocabulary, place-names, internal consistency, and so on.

For example: There is evidence for one-writer or multiple writers?
There are some mention about events, places, or historical persons later
discovered by archeologist?

Yours in Collen

Andres Grino Brandt               Casilla 14801 - Santiago 21
agrino@enkidu.mic.cl                        Chile

No hay mas realidad que la realidad, y la razon es su profeta

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53283
From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

In article <1993Apr20.062328.19776@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, 
dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:

[...]
> 
> Wait a minute.  You said *never* play a Chamberlain.  Since the US
> *is* playing Chamberlain as far as East Timor is concerned, wouldn't
> that lead you to think that your argument is irrelevant and had nothing
> to do with the Gulf War?  Actually, I rather like your idea.  Perhaps
> the rest of the world should have bombed (or maybe missiled) Washington
> when the US invaded Nicaragua, Grenada, Panama, Vietnam, Mexico, Hawaii,
> or any number of other places.

Wait a minute, Doug.  I know you are better informed than that.  The US 
has never invaded Nicaragua (as far as I know).  We liberated Grenada 
from the Cubans	to protect US citizens there and to prevent the completion 
of a strategic air strip.  Panama we invaded, true (twice this century).  
Vietnam?  We were invited in by the government of S. Vietnam.  (I guess 
we "invaded" Saudi Arabia during the Gulf War, eh?)  Mexico?  We have 
invaded Mexico 2 or 3 times, once this century, but there were no missiles 
for anyone to shoot over here at that time.  Hawaii?  We liberated it from 
Spain.

So if you mean by the word "invaded" some sort of military action where
we cross someone's border, you are right 5 out of 6.  But normally
"invaded" carries a connotation of attacking an autonomous nation.
(If some nation "invades" the U.S. Virgin Islands, would they be
invading the Virgin Islands or the U.S.?)  So from this point of
view, your score falls to 2 out of 6 (Mexico, Panama).

[...]
> 
> What's a "peace-nik"?  Is that somebody who *doesn't* masturbate
> over "Guns'n'Ammo" or what?  Is it supposed to be bad to be a peace-nik?

No, it's someone who believes in "peace-at-all-costs".  In other words,
a person who would have supported giving Hitler not only Austria and
Czechoslakia, but Poland too if it could have averted the War.  And one
who would allow Hitler to wipe all *all* Jews, slavs, and political 
dissidents in areas he controlled as long as he left the rest of us alone.

"Is it supposed to be bad to be a peace-nik," you ask?  Well, it depends
on what your values are.  If you value life over liberty, peace over
freedom, then I guess not.  But if liberty and freedom mean more to you
than life itself; if you'd rather die fighting for liberty than live
under a tyrant's heel, then yes, it's "bad" to be a peace-nik.

The problem with most peace-niks it they consider those of us who are
not like them to be "bad" and "unconscionable".  I would not have any
argument or problem with a peace-nik if they held to their ideals and
stayed out of all conflicts or issues, especially those dealing with 
the national defense.  But no, they are not willing to allow us to
legitimately hold a different point-of-view.  They militate and 
many times resort to violence all in the name of peace.  (What rank
hypocrisy!)  All to stop we "warmongers" who are willing to stand up 
and defend our freedoms against tyrants, and who realize that to do
so requires a strong national defense.

Time to get off the soapbox now.  :)

[...]
> --
> Doug Graham         dgraham@bnr.ca         My opinions are my own.

Regards,

Jim B.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53284
From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

nancyo@fraser.sfu.ca (Nancy Patricia O'Connor) writes:

>timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:

>>Rule #4:  Don't mix apples with oranges.  How can you say that the
>>extermination by the Mongols was worse than Stalin?  Khan conquered people
>>unsympathetic to his cause.  That was atrocious.  But Stalin killed millions of
>>his own people who loved and worshipped _him_ and his atheist state!!  How can
>>anyone be worse than that?

>You're right.  And David Koresh claimed to be a Christian.

Yup.  I can hear the _millions_ cheering for DK right now!  Josef Stalin eat
your heart out!  :)
--
Bake Timmons, III

-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53285
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: He has risen!



	Our Lord and Savior David Keresh has risen!


	He has been seen alive!


	Spread the word!




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
		
		"My sole intention was learning to fly."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53286
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Idle questions for fellow atheists

acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu wrote:
 
: I wonder how many atheists out there care to speculate on the face of
: the world  if atheists were the majority rather than the minority group
: of the population. 

I've been thinking about this every now and then since I cut my ties
with Christianity. It is surprising to note that a large majority of
people, at least in Finland, seem to be apatheists - even though
90 % of the population are members of the Lutheran Church of Finland,
religious people are actually a minority. 

Could it be possible that many people believe in god "just in case"?
It seems people do not want to seek the truth; they fall prey to Pascal's
Wager or other poor arguments. A small minority of those who do believe
reads the Bible regularly. The majority doesn't care - it believes,
but doesn't know what or how. 

People don't usually allow their beliefs to change their lifestyle,
they only want to keep the virtual gate open. A Christian would say
that they are not "born in the Spirit", but this does not disturb them.
Religion is not something to think about. 

I'm afraid a society with a true atheist majority is an impossible
dream. Religions have a strong appeal to people, nevertheless - 
a promise of life after death is something humans eagerly listen to.
Coupled with threats of eternal torture and the idea that our
morality is under constant scrutiny of some cosmic cop, too many
people take the poison with a smile. Or just pretend to swallow
(and unconsciously hope god wouldn't notice ;-) )

: Also, how many atheists out there would actually take the stance and accor a
: higher value to their way of thinking over the theistic way of thinking.  The
: typical selfish argument would be that both lines of thinking evolved from the
: same inherent motivation, so one is not, intrinsically, different from the
: other, qualitatively.  But then again a measuring stick must be drawn
: somewhere, and if we cannot assign value to a system of beliefs at its core,
: than the only other alternative is to apply it to its periphery; ie, how it
: expresses its own selfishness.

If logic and reason are valued, then I would claim that atheistic thinking
is of higher value than the theistic exposition. Theists make unnecessary
assumptions they believe in - I've yet to see good reasons to believe
in gods, or to take a leap of faith at all. A revelation would do.

However, why do we value logic and reasoning? This questions bears
some resemblance to a long-disputed problem in science: why mathematics
works? Strong deep structuralists, like Atkins, have proposed that
perhaps, after all, everything _is_ mathematics. 

Is usefulness any criterion?

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53287
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In article <C5r9At.Asv@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
#In <1qvabj$g1j@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) 
#writes:
#
#>In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
#Cobb) writes:
#
#Am I making a wrong assumption for the basis of morals?  Where do they come 
#from?  The question came from the idea that I heard that morals come from
#whatever is societally mandated.

It's only one aspect of morality.  Societal morality is necessarily
very crude and broad-brush stuff which attempts to deal with what
is necessary to keep that society going  - and often it's a little
over-enthusiastic about doing so.  Individual morality is a different
thing, it often includes societal mores (or society is in trouble),
but is stronger.  For example, some people are vegetarian, though eating
meat may be perfectly legal.

#
#>#Merely a question for the basis of morality
#>#
#>#Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.
#>#
#>#1)Who is society
#
#>Depends on the society.
#
#Doesn't help.  Is the point irrelevant?

No.  Often the answer is "we are".  But if society is those who make
the rules, that's a different question.  If society is who should
make the rules, that's yet another.  I don't claim to have the answers, either,
but I don't think we do it very well in Ireland, and I like some things
about the US system, at least in principle.

#
#>#2)How do "they" define what is acceptable?
#
#>Depends.
#On....  Again, this comes from a certain question (see above).

Well, ideally they don't, but if they must they should do it by consensus, IMO.
#
#>#3)How do we keep from a "whatever is legal is what is "moral" "position?
#
#>By adopting a default position that people's moral decisions
#>are none of society's business,
#
#So how can we put people in jail? How can we condemn other societies?

Because sometimes that's necessary.  The hard trick is to recognise when
it is, and equally importantly, when it isn't.

# and only interfering when it's truly
#>necessary.
#
#Why would it be necessary?  What right do we have to interfere?

IMO, it isn't often that interference (i.e. jail, and force of various
kinds and degrees) is both necessary and effective.  Where you derive 
the right to interfere is a difficult question - it's a sort of
liar's paradox: "force is necessary for freedom".   One possible justification
is that people who wish to take away freedom shouldn't object if
their own freedom is taken away - the paradox doesn't arise if
we don't actively wish to take way anyone's freedom.
#
#  The introduction of permissible interference causes the problem
#>that it can be either too much or too little - but most people seem
#>to agree that some level of interference is necessary.
#
#They see the need for a "justice" system.  How can we even define that term?

Only by consensus, I guess.

#  Thus you
#>get a situation where "The law often allows what honour forbids", which I've
#>come to believe is as it should be.  
#
#I admit I don't understand that statement.

What I mean is that, while thus-and-such may be legal, thus-and-such may
also be seen as immoral.   The law lets you do it, but you don't let yourself
do it.  Eating meat, for example.
-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53288
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

In <2943927496.1.p00261@psilink.com> "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:

>>DATE:   14 Apr 1993 23:52:11 GMT
>>FROM:   Frank O'Dwyer <frank@D012S658.uucp>
>>
>>In article <1993Apr14.102810.6059@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>>
>>Just borrowing your post, Mr. Rice...
>>
>>#In <2943656910.0.p00261@psilink.com> "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
>>#>Are you sure that democracy is the driving force behind
>>#>the massacres in East Timor?  It is certainly odd that so many of the worlds
>>#>massacres occur along religious lines, independently of any claims to a
>>#>democratic form of government.  Are Ireland and Northern Ireland considered
>>#>democracies?  Would you attribute their problems to democracy even though
>>#>they are democracies?  Which motivates them more, religion or democracy?
>>
>>Mr. Rice was pointing out a fallacy in the assertion that Islam is evil
>>because some of those who claim to follow it are evil, not asserting that 
>>democracy causes massacres, as I read it.  

>That is right, he was.  And I was pointing out that his use of Indonesians
>killing the East Timorese as a result of _democracy_ was a bit weak because
>democracy is not much of a motivation for doing much of anything in Indonesia
>from what I remember.  East Timor was a former Portguese territory which was
>forcibly annexed by Indonesia.  Last I heard over 10,000 Indonesians have
>died trying to keep East Timor a part of Indonesia.  Being a former 
>Portuguese colony, there is a strong Catholic influence in East Timor as I
>recall.  So it seems a bit odd that yet again we have another war being
>fought between people who just "happen" to have different religions.  Purely
>coincidental, I guess.  But then the real motivation is to get the vote out
>and make democracy work in Indonesia.

I pointed out the secession movement in Aceh which has also been
brutally dealt with in the past by the Indonesian government.  The
harshly with all secessionist movements.
the evidence, it appears to me that the Indonesian government has dealt
very harshly with all secession movements.

I know that the head of the Indonesian armed forces for a very long time
was Benny Murdani -- a "Christian".  Indonesia has been heavy handed in
East Timor for a long time , even when Murdani was head of the armed
forces.  The people who make up the
Indonesian government are in general motivated by national interests,
not religious ones.

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53289
From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics


Robert Knowles writes:

>>
>>My my, there _are_ a few atheists with time on their hands.  :)
>>
>>OK, first I apologize.  I didn't bother reading the FAQ first and so fired an
>>imprecise flame.  That was inexcusable.
>>

>How about the nickname Bake "Flamethrower" Timmons?

Sure, but Robert "Koresh-Fetesh" (sic) Knowles seems good, too.  :) 
>
>You weren't at the Koresh compound around noon today by any chance, were you?
>
>Remember, Koresh "dried" for your sins.
>
>And pass that beef jerky.  Umm Umm.

Though I wasn't there, at least I can rely on you now to keep me posted on what
what he's doing.

Have you any other fetishes besides those for beef jerky and David Koresh? 
--
Bake Timmons, III

-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53290
From: Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <C5prCA.590@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
says:
>
>In <11836@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>
>>In article <C5L1Ey.Jts@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike
>Cobb) writes:
>
>>  If I'm wrong, god is free at any time to correct my mistake.  That
>>  he continues not to do so, while supposedly proclaiming his
>>  undying love for my eternal soul, speaks volumes.
>
>What are the volumes that it speaks besides the fact that he leaves your
>choices up to you?

Leaves the choices up to us but gives us no better reason
to believe than an odd story of his alleged son getting
killed for us?  And little new in the past few thousand
years, leaving us with only the texts passed down through
centuries of meddling with the meaning and even wording.
...most of this passing down and interpretation of course
coming from those who have a vested interest in not allowing
the possibility that it might not be the ultimate truth.
What about maybe talking to us directly, eh?
He's a big god, right?  He ought to be able to make time
for the creations he loves so much...at least enough to
give us each a few words of direct conversation.
What, he's too busy to get around to all of us?
Or maybe a few unquestionably-miraculous works here and
there?
...speaks volumes upon volumes to me that I've never
gotten a chance to meet the guy and chat with him.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53292
From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War

In article <930419.115707.6f2.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>>In article <930414.121019.7E4.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew
>><mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>>> Yes.  Fortunately we have right-thinking folks like your good self in power
>>> and it was therefore deemed acceptable to slaughter tens or even hundreds o
>>> thousands of Iraqis in order to liberate oil^H^H^HKuwait.  We won the war,
>>> hurrah hurrah!
>> 
>> The number of civilian Iraqi deaths were way over-exaggerated and 
>> exploited for anti-war emotionalism by the liberal news media.  The
>> facts are that less Iraqis died in the Gulf War than did civilians 
>> in any other war of comparable size this century!
> 
> Let's analyze this claim a little.  How is the "size" of a war defined?  By
> number of participants?  Geographical area?  Number of countries involved? 
> Number of casualties?

Size of armies, duration, numbers of casualties both absolute and as a
percentage of those involved, geographical area and numbers of countries
too, are all measures of size.  In this case I'd say the relevant
statistic would be the number of combatants (total troops) compared to
total casualties from among the total civilian population in the
affected geographical area.

> 
> Which other "comparable" wars are we talking about?

Vietnam and Korea might make good comparisons.

> 
> Which "liberal news media" are we talking about?
> 

Western news in general, but in particular the American "mass media":
CBS, NBC, ABC, etc.  The general tone of the news during the whole
war was one of "those poor, poor Iraqis" along with "look how precisely
this cruise missile blew this building to bits".

>>                                                    This was due mostly
>> to the short duration coupled with precise surgical bombing techniques
>> which were technically possible only recently.
> 
> I suspect that medical advances may have something to do with it too.

I agree.

> 
>> How about all the innocent people who died in blanket-bombing in WW2?
>> I don't hear you bemoaning them!
> 
> Perhaps because the topic hasn't cropped up.  If you want my opinion, I think
> that the blanket bombing of German cities at the end of World War Two was the
> most appalling act of wholesale slaughter this country has committed in
> centuries.  Bomber Harris was no hero of mine.

Perhaps so.  And maybe the atomic bomb was a mistake too.  But that's easy
to say from our "enlightened" viewpoint here in the 90's, right?  Back
then, it was *all-out* war, and Germany and Japan had to be squashed.
After all, a million or more British had already died, hundreds of 
thousands of French, a couple hundread thousand or so Americans, and 
millions of Russians, not to mention a few million Jews, Poles, and 
other people of slavic descent in German concentration camps.  All 
things considered, the fire-bombings and the atomic bomb were
essential (and therefore justified) in bringing the war to a quick
end to avoid even greater allied losses.

I, for one, don't regret it.

> 
>>                                 War is never an exact science, but
>> with smart bombs, it's becoming more exact with a smaller percentage
>> of civilian casualties.  Sometimes mistakes are made; targets are
>> misidentified; innocents die.  That's war the way it really is.
> 
> Entrenched political rulers operating in their own selfish interests without
> regard for the lives of other people, *that* is the way war really is.

Sure.  And it's the people who suffer because of them.  All the more
reason to depose these "entrenched political rulers operating in their
own selfish interests"!  Or do you mean that this applies to the allies
as well??

> 
> Why all the fuss about Kuwait and not East Timor, Bosnia, or even Tibet?  If
> Iraq is so bad, why were we still selling them stuff a couple of weeks before
> we started bombing?

I make no claim or effort to justify the misguided foreign policy of the
West before the war.  It is evident that the West, especially America,
misjudged Hussein drastically.  But once Hussein invaded Kuwait and 
threatened to militarily corner a significant portion of the world's
oil supply, he had to be stopped.  Sure the war could have been
prevented by judicious and concerted effort on the part of the West
before Hussein invaded Kuwait, but it is still *Hussein* who is
responsible for his decision to invade.  And once he did so, a
strong response from the West was required.

> 
>> Mathew, your sarcasm is noted but you are completely off-base here.
>> You come off sounding like a complete peace-nik idiot, although I
>> feel sure that was not your intent.
> 
> What's your intent?  To sound like a Loving Christian?  Well, you aren't
> doing a very good job of it.

Well, it's not very "loving" to allow a Hussein or a Hitler to gobble up
nearby countries and keep them.  Or to allow them to continue with mass
slaughter of certain peoples under their dominion.  So, I'd have to
say yes, stopping Hussein was the most "loving" thing to do for the
most people involved once he set his mind on military conquest.
> 
>> So the Iraqi war was wrong, eh?  I'm sure that appeasement would have
>> worked better than war, just like it did in WW2, eh?
> 
> Who even mentioned appeasement?  And what makes you think the situation is
> even remotely analogous to World War Two?

I mentioned it.

If we hadn't intervened, allowing Hussein to keep Kuwait, then it would
have been appeasement.  It is precisely the lessons the world learned
in WW2 that motivated the Western alliance to war.  Letting Hitler take
Austria and Czechoslavkia did not stop WW2 from happening, and letting
Hussein keep Kuwait would not have stopped an eventual Gulf War to
protect Saudi Arabia.

> 
>>                                                           I guess we
>> shouldn't have fought WW2 either -- just think of all those innocent
>> German civilians killed in Dresden and Hamburg.
> 
> Yes, do.  Germans are human too, you know.
> 

Sure.  What was truly unfortunate was that they followed Hitler in
his grandiose quest for a "Thousand Year Reich".  The consequences
stemmed from that.

>> Tyrants like Hussein *have* to be stopped.  His kind don't understand
>> diplomacy; they only understand the point of a gun.  My only regret is
>> that Bush wimped out and didn't have the military roll into Baghdad, so
>> now Hussein is still in power and the Iraqi people's sacrifice (not to
>> mention the 357 Americans who died) was for naught.
> 
> I look forward to hearing your incisive comments about East Timor and Tibet.
> 
What should I say about them?  Anything in particular?


>> And as for poor, poor Rodney King!  Did you ever stop and think *why*
>> the jury in the first trial brought back a verdict of "not guilty"?
> 
> Yes.  Amongst the things I thought were "Hmm, there's an awful lot of white
> people in that jury."

So?  It was the *policemen* on trial not Rodney King!!  And under American
law they deserved a jury of *their* peers!  If there had been black
officers involved, I'm sure their would have been black jurors too.
This point (of allegedly racial motivations) is really shallow.

> 
>> Those who have been foaming at the mouth for the blood of those
>> policemen certainly have looked no further than the video tape.
>> But the jury looked at *all* the evidence, evidence which you and I
>> have not seen.
> 
> When I see a bunch of policemen beating someone who's lying defenceless on
> the ground, it's rather hard to imagine what this other evidence might have
> been.

So?  It's "hard to imagine"?  So when has Argument from Incredulity
gained acceptance from the revered author of "Constructing a Logical
Argument"?  Can we expect another revision soon??  :)  (Just kidding.)

> 
> If there is some wonderful evidence, why is it seemingly being kept secret? 
> Why not tell everyone what it is?  Then everyone could say "Oh, yes, you're
> right, King deserved a good beating", and we could all live happily ever
> after.

I have to admit that I wonder this too.  But *neither* the prosecution
nor the defense is talking.  So one cannot conclude either way due to
the silence of the principals.  

> 
>> Law in this country is intended to protect the rights of the accused,
>> whether they be criminals or cops.  One is not found guilty if there is
>> a reasonable doubt of one's guilt, and only the jury is in a position
>> to assess the evidence and render a verdict.
> 
> Fine, but I'm still finding it hard to imagine what the "reasonable doubt"
> was in this case.  I mean, the cops certainly seem to be beating someone
> who's lying defenceless on the ground.  What's your explanation?  Mass
> hallucination?  Orbital mind-control lasers?  Faked video footage?  Do tell.
> 

OK.  It certainly seemed to me that there was excessive force involved.
And frankly, the original "not guilty" verdict baffled me too.  But then
I learned that the prosecution in the first case did not try to convict
on a charge of excessive force or simple assault which they probably
would have won, they tried to get a conviction on a charge of aggravated
assault with intent to inflict serious bodily harm.  A charge, which
news commentators said, was akin to attempted murder under California
law.  Based on what the prosecution was asking for, it's evident that 
the first jury decided that the officers were "not guilty".  Note, 
not "not guilty" of doing wrong, but "not guilty" of aggravated assault 
with the *intent* of inflicting serious bodily harm.  The seeds of the 
prosecutions defeat were in their own overconfidence in obtaining a 
verdict such that they went for the most extreme charge they could.

If the facts as the news commentators presented them are true, then
I feel the "not guilty" verdict was a reasonable one.

> 
> mathew
> [ "Thou shalt not kill... unless thou hast a pretty good reason for killing,
>    in which case thou shalt kill, and also kill anyone who gets in the way,
>    as unfortunately it cannot be helped."
>                                    -- Jim Brown Bible for Loving Christians ]

Thanks mathew, I like the quote.  Pretty funny actually.  (I'm a 
Monty Python fan, you know.  Kind of seems in that vein.)

Of course, oversimplifying any moral argument can make it seem
contradictory.  But then, you know that already.  

Regards,

Jim B.
Loving Christian  :)


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53293
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Theism and Fanatism (was: Islamic Genocide)

In article <16BB6B7CA.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
|In article <1qv7q5$fn4@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
|frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
| 
|>#>#Theism is strongly correlated with irrational belief in absolutes. Irrational
|>#>#belief in absolutes is strongly correlated with fanatism.
|>
|>#>Correlation is not causation.   And a belief that absolutes exist is not
|>#>the same thing as a belief in absolutes, any more than belief in a shortest
|>#>route from Thurles to Clonmel is the same thing as a knowledge of the
|>#>Irish roadsystem.
|>
|>#Correlation is not necessarily causation. However, as you might have noticed,
|>#the above allows to conclude that the correlation between religion and fanatism
|>#is based on common features of religious belief.
| 
|(Sorry for the long quotes, but I dont see where to cut)
| 
| 
|>Huh?   Are you barking mad?
|>
| 
|Hardly.
| 
| 
|>(1) Theism is not as strongly correlated with fanaticism as you say.  PLUS
|>    you could find stronger correlations if you were actually interested
|>    in the truth instead of being as you seeming are, a bigot.
|>
| 
|Theism is correlated with fanaticism. I have neither said that all fanatism
|is caused by theism nor that all theism leads to fanatism. The point is,
|theism increases the chance of becoming a fanatic. One could of course
|argue that would be fanatics tend towards theism (for example), but I just
|have to loook at the times in history when theism was the dominant ideology
|to invalidate that conclusion that that is the basic mechanism behind it.

IMO, the influence of Stalin, or for that matter, Ayn Rand, invalidates your 
assumption that theism is the factor to be considered.  Gullibility, 
blind obedience to authority, lack of scepticism, and so on, are all more 
reliable indicators.  And the really dangerous people - the sources of
fanaticism - are often none of these things.  They are cynical manipulators
of the gullible, who know precisely what they are doing.  Now, *some*
brands of theism, and more precisely *some* theists, do tend to fanaticism,
I grant you.  To tar all theists with this brush is bigotry, not a reasoned
argument - and it reads to me like a warm-up for censorship and restriction
of religious freedom.  Ever read Animal Farm?

|>(2)  Define "irrational belief".  e.g., is it rational to believe that
|>     reason is always useful?
|>
| 
|Irrational belief is belief that is not based upon reason. The latter has
|been discussed for a long time with Charley Wingate. One point is that
|the beliefs violate reason often, and another that a process that does
|not lend itself to rational analysis does not contain reliable information.

Well, there is a glaring paradox here:  an argument that reason is useful
based on reason would be circular, and argument not based on reason would
be irrational.  Which is it?

The first part of the second statement contains no information, because
you don't say what "the beliefs" are.  If "the beliefs" are strong theism 
and/or strong atheism, then your statement is not in general true.  The
second part of your sentence is patently false - counterexample: an
axiomatic datum does not lend itself to rational analysis, but is
assumed to contain reliable information regardless of what process is
used to obtain it.

|Compared the evidence theists have for their claims to the strength of
|their demands makes the whole thing not only irrational but antirational.

I can't agree with this until you are specific - *which* theism?  To
say that all theism is necessarily antirational requires a proof which
I suspect you do not have.

|The affinity to fanatism is easily seen. It has to be true because I believe
|it is nothing more than a work hypothesis. However, the beliefs say they are
|more than a work hypothesis.

I don't understand this.  Can you formalise your argument?
-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53294
From: deguzman@after.math.uiuc.edu (A A DeGuzman)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz) writes:

>In article <C5LH4p.27K@portal.hq.videocart.com>, dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
>> JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu () writes:
>> : YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
>> : PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>> 
>>   What do you mean "be prepared" ?? Surrounded by thumpers like yourself
>> has proven to be hellish enough . . . and I'm not even dead yet !!

>Well here's how I prepared.  I got one of those big beach
>umbrellas, some of those gel-pack ice things, a big Coleman cooler
>which I've loaded up with Miller Draft (so I like Miller Draft,
>so sue me), a new pair of New Balance sneakers, a Sony
>Watchman, and a couple of cartons of BonTon Cheddar Cheese
>Popcorn.

[stuff deleted]

Actually, you get a ton of weapons and ammunition, 70-80 followers, and hole
up in some kind of compound, and wait for . . . . :-)
--
Alan A. DeGuzman               Calvin: "I'm so smart it's almost scary. I guess
Calculus&Mathematica                    I'm a child progeny."
DISCLAIMER: "The University
can't afford my opinions."     Hobbes: "Most children are . . . "

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53297
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <C5LH4p.27K@portal.hq.videocart.com>, dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
> JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu () writes:
> : YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
> : PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
> 
>   What do you mean "be prepared" ?? Surrounded by thumpers like yourself
> has proven to be hellish enough . . . and I'm not even dead yet !!

Well here's how I prepared.  I got one of those big beach
umbrellas, some of those gel-pack ice things, a big Coleman cooler
which I've loaded up with Miller Draft (so I like Miller Draft,
so sue me), a new pair of New Balance sneakers, a Sony
Watchman, and a couple of cartons of BonTon Cheddar Cheese
Popcorn.

I haven't decided what to wear yet.  What does one wear to an
eternal damnation?

Dean Kaflowitz


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53298
From: Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5pxqs.LM5@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill
Conner) says:
>
>dean.kaflowitz (decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com) wrote:
>
>: Now, what I am interested in is the original notion you were discussing
>: on moral free agency.  That is, how can a god punish a person for
>: not believing in him when that person is only following his or her
>: nature and it is not possible for that person to deny what his or
>: her reason tells him or her, which is that there is no god?
>
>I think you're letting atheist mythology confuse you on the issue of

(WEBSTER:  myth:  "a traditional or legendary story...
           ...a belief...whose truth is accepted uncritically.")

How does that qualify?
Indeed, it's almost oxymoronic...a rather amusing instance.
I've found that most atheists hold almost no atheist-views as
"accepted uncritically," especially the few that are legend.
Many are trying to explain basic truths, as myths do, but
they don't meet the other criterions.
Also...

>Divine justice. According to the most fundamental doctrines of
>Christianity, When the first man sinned, he was at that time the

You accuse him of referencing mythology, then you procede to
launch your own xtian mythology.  (This time meeting all the
requirements of myth.)

>salvation. The idea of punishment is based on the proposition that
>everyone knows (instinctively?) that God exists, is their creator and

Ah, but not everyone "knows" that god exists.  So you have
a fallacy.

>There's nothing terribly difficult in all this and is well known to
>any reasonably Biblically literate Christian. The only controversy is

And that makes it true?  Holding with the Bible rules out controversy?
Read the FAQ.  If you've read it, you missed something, so re-read.
(Not a bad suggestion for anyone...I re-read it just before this.)

>with those who pretend not to know what is being said and what it
>means. When atheists claim that they do -not- know if God exists and
>don't know what He wants, they contradict the Bible which clearly says
>that -everyone- knows. The authority of the Bible is its claim to be

...should I repeat what I wrote above for the sake of getting
it across?  You may trust the Bible, but your trusting it doesn't
make it any more credible to me.

If the Bible says that everyone knows, that's clearly reason
to doubt the Bible, because not everyone "knows" your alleged
god's alleged existance.

>refuted while the species-wide condemnation is justified. Those that
>claim that there is no evidence for the existence of God or that His will is
>unknown, must deliberately ignore the Bible; the ignorance itself is
>no excuse.

1) No, they don't have to ignore the Bible.  The Bible is far
from universally accepted.  The Bible is NOT a proof of god;
it is only a proof that some people have thought that there
was a god.  (Or does it prove even that?  They might have been
writing it as series of fiction short-stories.  As in the
case of Dionetics.)  Assuming the writers believed it, the
only thing it could possibly prove is that they believed it.
And that's ignoring the problem of whether or not all the
interpretations and Biblical-philosophers were correct.

2) There are people who have truly never heard of the Bible.

3) Again, read the FAQ.

>freedom. You are free to ignore God in the same way you are free to
>ignore gravity and the consequences are inevitable and well known
>in both cases. That an atheist can't accept the evidence means only

Bzzt...wrong answer!
Gravity is directly THERE.  It doesn't stop exerting a direct and
rationally undeniable influence if you ignore it.  God, on the
other hand, doesn't generally show up in the supermarket, except
on the tabloids.  God doesn't exert a rationally undeniable influence.
Gravity is obvious; gods aren't.

>Secondly, human reason is very comforatble with the concept of God, so
>much so that it is, in itself, intrinsic to our nature. Human reason
>always comes back to the question of God, in every generation and in

No, human reason hasn't always come back to the existance of
"God"; it has usually come back to the existance of "god".
In other words, it doesn't generally come back to the xtian
god, it comes back to whether there is any god.  And, in much
of oriental philosophic history, it generally doesn't pop up as
the idea of a god so much as the question of what natural forces
are and which ones are out there.  From a world-wide view,
human nature just makes us wonder how the universe came to
be and/or what force(s) are currently in control.  A natural
tendancy to believe in "God" only exists in religious wishful
thinking.

>I said all this to make the point that Christianity is eminently
>reasonable, that Divine justice is just and human nature is much
>different than what atheists think it is. Whether you agree or not

Xtianity is no more reasonable than most other religions, and
it's reasonableness certainly doesn't merit eminence.
Divine justice...well, it only seems just to those who already
believe in the divinity.
First, not all atheists believe the same things about human
nature. Second, whether most atheists are correct or not,
YOU certainly are not correct on human nature.  You are, at
the least, basing your views on a completely eurocentric
approach.  Try looking at the outside world as well when
you attempt to sum up all of humanity.

Andrew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53302
From: jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan)
Subject: Re: What's a shit shoveler to do? (was Re: Amusing atheists and)

In article <timmbake.735278230@mcl> timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
>
>James Hogan writes:
>
>[fine sentiments]
>
>From his very first post Jim assumed an attack of ad hominem, sarcastic
>innuendo, i.e., shit to be shoveled.  He conveniently forgets this, of course,
>and then _whines_ about his boredom.

Ad hominem, sarcastic innuendo?  Absolutely.  Forgotten?  Hardly.
Bored?  Not really.   I try not to confuse "life on a.a." with life.

I just can't overcome the urge to tease/taunt folks who bound FAQ-less
onto a.a. with such a chip on their shoulder.  To listen to you,
one might think we belonged to some church!

I appreciate the patience of others who questioned your posting
on a line-by-line content basis, though it's hard to know what
impact that might have had, as compared to, say, "shovelling".

>
>Fact: If he were truly interested in ending the thread he wouldn't have posted
>his last shit to be shoveled.

I think I only lamented that, whatever the initial satisfactions,
past a certain point circular abuse-heaping was just that.

>--
>Bake Timmons, III
>
>-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
>than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

Sincere questions:  Why are you here?  What are you looking for?

Jim


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53303
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

In article <1qibo2$f4o@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
 
>
>#>In the absence of some convincing evidence that theist fanatics are more
>#>dangerous than atheist fanatics, I'll continue to be wary of fanatics of
>#>any stripe.
>#
>#I think that the agnostic fanatics are the most dangerous of the lot.
>
>Fair point, actually.  I mentioned theists and atheists, but left out
>agnostics.  Mea culpa.
>
 
No wonder in the light of that you are a probably a theist who tries
to pass as an agnostic. I still remember your post about your daughter
singing Chrismas Carols and your feelings of it well.
 
By the way, would you show marginal honesty and answer the many questions
you left open when you ceased to respond last time?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53304
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

In article <1qi83b$ec4@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>#>Few people can imagine dying for capitalism, a few
>#>more can imagine dying for democracy, but a lot more will die for their
>#>Lord and Savior Jesus Christ who Died on the Cross for their Sins.
>#>Motivation, pure and simple.
>
>Got any cites for this nonsense?   How many people will die for Mom?
>Patriotism? Freedom?   Money?  Their Kids?  Fast cars and swimming pools?
>A night with Kim Basinger or Mel Gibson?  And which of these things are evil?
>
 
Read a history book, Fred. And tell me why so many religions command to
commit genocide when it has got nothing to do with religion. Or why so many
religions say that not living up to the standards of the religion is worse
than dieing? Coincidence, I assume. Or ist part of the absolute morality
you describe so often?
 
Theism is strongly correlated with irrational belief in absolutes. Irrational
belief in absolutes is strongly correlated with fanatism.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53305
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

In article <1ql0d3$5vo@dr-pepper.East.Sun.COM> geoff@East.Sun.COM (Geoff Arnold @ Sun BOS - R.H. coast near the top) writes:

>Your posting provoked me into checking my save file for memorable
>posts. The first I captured was by Ken Arromdee on 19 Feb 1990, on the
>subject "Re: atheist too?". That was article #473 here; your question
>was article #53766, which is an average of about 48 articles a day for
>the last three years. As others have noted, the current posting rate is
>such that my kill file is depressing large...... Among the posting I
>saved in the early days were articles from the following notables:

	Hey, it might to interesting to read some of these posts...
Especially from ones who still regularly posts on alt.atheism!


>>From: loren@sunlight.llnl.gov (Loren Petrich)
>>From: jchrist@nazareth.israel.rel (Jesus Christ of Nazareth)
>>From: mrc@Tomobiki-Cho.CAC.Washington.EDU (Mark Crispin)
>>From: perry@apollo.HP.COM (Jim Perry)
>>From: lippard@uavax0.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)
>>From: minsky@media.mit.edu (Marvin Minsky)
>
>An interesting bunch.... I wonder where #2 is?

	Hee hee hee.

	*I* ain't going to say....

--- 

        " Whatever promises that have been made can than be broken. "

        John Laws, a man without the honor to keep his given word.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53306
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1ql8mdINN674@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:

>>>This whole thread started because of a discussion about whether
>>>or not the death penalty constituted cruel punishment, which is forbidden
>>>by the US Constitution.
>>Yes, but they didn't say what they meant by "cruel", which is why
>>a) you have the Supreme Court, and b) it makes no sense to refer
>>to the Constitution, which is quite silent on the meaning of the
>>word "cruel".
>
>They spent quite a bit of time on the wording of the Constitution.  They
>picked words whose meanings implied the intent.  We have already looked
>in the dictionary to define the word.  Isn't this sufficient?

	We only need to ask the question: what did the founding fathers 
consider cruel and unusual punishment?

	Hanging? Hanging there slowing being strangled would be very 
painful, both physically and psychologicall, I imagine.

	Firing squad ? [ note: not a clean way to die back in those 
days ], etc. 

	All would be considered cruel under your definition.
	All were allowed under the constitution by the founding fathers.

--- 

        " Whatever promises that have been made can than be broken. "

        John Laws, a man without the honor to keep his given word.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53307
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1ql0ajINN2kj@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:

>Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
>as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.

	Why "must"?

--- 

        " Whatever promises that have been made can than be broken. "

        John Laws, a man without the honor to keep his given word.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53308
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <bissda.4.734849678@saturn.wwc.edu>
bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:
 
>        The arguements he uses I am summing up.  The book is about whether
>Jesus was God or not.  I know many of you don't believe, but listen to a
>different perspective for we all have something to gain by listening to what
>others have to say.
 
Read the FAQ first, watch the list fr some weeks, and come back then.
 
And read some other books on the matter in order to broaden your view first.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53309
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Who Says the Apostles Were Tortured?

In article <1qiu97INNpq6@srvr1.engin.umich.edu>
ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles) writes:
 
>
> As evidence for the Resurrection, it is often claimed that the Disciples
>were tortured to death for their beliefs and still did not renounce
>their claim that Jesus had come back from the dead.
> Now, I skimmed Acts and such, and I found a reference to this happening
>to Stephen, but no others. Where does this apparently very widely held
>belief come from? Is there any evidence outside the Bible? Is there any
>evidence *in* the Bible? I sure haven't found any...
>
 
Early authors and legends. The most important sources can be found in the
Martyriologia of the Catholic Church. Makes the Grimms look like exact
science.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53311
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1qlfd4INN935@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>
>>>Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
>>>as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.
>>So, why "must" they have such laws?
>
>The quotation marks should enclose "laws," not "must."
>
>If there were no such rules, even instinctive ones or unwritten ones,
>etc., then surely some sort of random chance would lead a chimp society
>into chaos.
	

	The "System" refered to a "moral system". You havn't shown any 
reason that chimps "must" have a moral system. 
	Except if you would like to redefine everything.


--- 

        " Whatever promises that have been made can than be broken. "

        John Laws, a man without the honor to keep his given word.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53312
From: jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only)
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

In article <1ql0d3$5vo@dr-pepper.East.Sun.COM> geoff@East.Sun.COM writes:
>Your posting provoked me into checking my save file for memorable
>posts. The first I captured was by Ken Arromdee on 19 Feb 1990, on the
>subject "Re: atheist too?". That was article #473 here; your question
>was article #53766, which is an average of about 48 articles a day for
>the last three years. As others have noted, the current posting rate is
>such that my kill file is depressing large...... Among the posting I
>saved in the early days were articles from the following notables:
>
>>From: loren@sunlight.llnl.gov (Loren Petrich)
>>From: jchrist@nazareth.israel.rel (Jesus Christ of Nazareth)
>>From: mrc@Tomobiki-Cho.CAC.Washington.EDU (Mark Crispin)
>>From: perry@apollo.HP.COM (Jim Perry)
>>From: lippard@uavax0.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)
>>From: minsky@media.mit.edu (Marvin Minsky)
>
>An interesting bunch.... I wonder where #2 is?

Didn't you hear?  His address has changed.  He can be reached at the 
following address:

dkoresh@branch.davidian.compound.waco.tx.us

I think he was last seen posting to alt.messianic.

Jim
--
If God is dead and the actor plays his part                    | -- Sting,
His words of fear will find their way to a place in your heart | History
Without the voice of reason every faith is its own curse       | Will Teach Us
Without freedom from the past things can only get worse        | Nothing

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53313
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In <1qvh8tINNsg6@citation.ksu.ksu.edu> yohan@citation.ksu.ksu.edu (Jonathan W 
Newton) writes:


>In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
Cobb) writes:
>>Merely a question for the basis of morality
>>
>>Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.

>I disagree with these.  What society thinks should be irrelevant.  What the
>individual decides is all that is important.

This doesn't seem right.  If I want to kill you, I can because that is what I
decide?
>>
>>1)Who is society

>I think this is fairly obvious

Not really.  If whatever a particular society mandates as ok is ok, there are
always some in the "society" who disagree with the mandates, so which 
societal mandates make the standard for morality?
 >>
>>2)How do "they" define what is acceptable?

>Generally by what they "feel" is right, which is the most idiotic policy I can
>think of.

So what should be the basis? Unfortunately I have to admit to being tied at 
least loosely to the "feeling", in that I think we intuitively know some things
to be wrong.  Awfully hard to defend, though.
>>
>>3)How do we keep from a "whatever is legal is what is "moral" "position?

>By thinking for ourselves.

I might agree here.  Just because certain actions are legal does not make them
"moral".
>>
>>MAC
>>--
>>****************************************************************
>>                                                    Michael A. Cobb
>> "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
>>    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
>>          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
>>                                              
>>With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar 
deficits.

--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53314
From: cjhs@minster.york.ac.uk
Subject: Re: free moral agency

: Are you saying that their was a physical Adam and Eve, and that all
: humans are direct decendents of only these two human beings.?  Then who
: were Cain and Able's wives?  Couldn't be their sisters, because A&E
: didn't have daughters.  Were they non-humans?

Genesis 5:4

and the days of Adam after he begat Seth were eight hundred years, and
he begat sons and daughters:

Felicitations -- Chris Ho-Stuart

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53315
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

I guess I'm delving into a religious language area.  What exactly is morality 
or morals?  I never thought of eating meat to be moral or immoral, but I think
it could be.  How do we differentiate between not doing something because it is
a personal choice or preference and not doing something because we see it as 
immoral?  Do we fall to what the basis of these morals are?

Also, consensus positions fall to a might makes right.  Or, as you brought out,
if whatever is right is what is societally mandated then whoever is in control
at the time makes what is right

MC
MAC
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53316
From: arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>|>  Yet I am still not a believer.  Is god not concerned with my
>|>  disposition?  Why is it beneath him to provide me with the
>|>  evidence I would require to believe?  The evidence that my
>|>  personality, given to me by this god, would find compelling?
>The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
>But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
>you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
>love you.

Oh no, not again.

There is a difference between believing that God exists, and loving him.
(For instance, Satan certainly believes God exists, but does not love him.)
What unbelievers request in situations like this is that God provide evidence
compelling enough to believe he exists, not to compel them to love him.
--
"On the first day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Leftover Turkey!
On the second day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Turkey Casserole
    that she made from Leftover Turkey.
[days 3-4 deleted] ...  Flaming Turkey Wings! ...
   -- Pizza Hut commercial (and M*tlu/A*gic bait)

Ken Arromdee (arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53317
From: arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee)
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

In article <1993Apr20.102306.882@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>Hawaii?  We liberated it from 
>Spain.

Well, you were going well until you hit this one.

Hawaii was an independent country.  A coup by Americans led to a request to
annex it.  The US refused, but eventually did annex it several years later
during the Spanish-American War.
--
"On the first day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Leftover Turkey!
On the second day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Turkey Casserole
    that she made from Leftover Turkey.
[days 3-4 deleted] ...  Flaming Turkey Wings! ...
   -- Pizza Hut commercial (and M*tlu/A*gic bait)

Ken Arromdee (arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53319
From: mayne@pipe.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>
>The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
>But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
>you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
>love you.

Same old bullshit. Not being given to delusions and wishful thinking
I do not have the option of either loving or obeying that which I have
so reason to believe.

>    The responsibility is on you to love God and take a step toward
>Him.  He promises to be there for you, but you have to look for yourself.
>Those who doubt this or dispute it have not givin it a sincere effort.

More bullshit. I assure you in my misguided youth I made a sincere effort.
It was very painful being a rational person raised in Christian home.
Many others could tell the same story. You choose not to believe anyone's
experience which contradicts your smug theories.

Bill Mayne

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53320
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: Societal basis for morality

In <1993Apr20.004119.6119@cnsvax.uwec.edu> nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye) 
writes:

>[reply to cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)]
> 
>>If morals come from what is societally accepted, why follow that? What
>>right do we have to expect others to follow our notion of societally
>>mandated morality?  Pardon the extremism, but couldn't I murder your
>>"brother" and say that I was exercising my rights as I saw them, was
>>doing what felt good, didn't want anyone forcing their morality on me,
>>or I don't follow your "morality" ?
> 
>I believe that morality is subjective.  Each person is entitled to his
>own moral attitudes.  Mine are not a priori more correct than someone
>elses.  This does not mean however that I must judge another on the
>basis of his rather than my moral standards.  While he is entitled to
>believe what his own moral sense tells him, the rest of society is
>entitled to pass laws spelling out punishments for behavior that is
>offensive to the majority.

Why? How? Might makes right? How can they force their morality on me? Why 
can't I do what I want? Who are they to decide? What if I disagree? 
> 
>Most criminals do not see their behavior as moral.  The may realize that
>it is immoral and not care.  They are thus not following their own moral
>system but being immoral.

Good point, but it is being immoral in our opinion.  We don't let them choose,
we make the decision that their actions are wrong for them.

  For someone to lay claim to an alternative
>moral system, he must be sincere in his belief in it and it must be
>internally consistent.  Some sociopaths lack an innate moral sense

I admit to lean toward the idea of an innate moral sense, but have little basis
for it as of yet.  How far can such a concept be extended?

 and
>thus may be incapable of behaving morally.  While someone like Hitler
>may have believed that his actions were moral, we may judge him immoral
>by our standards.

Do you mean that we could say it would be wrong for us to do such a thing but 
not him.  After all, he was behaving morally in his own eyes and doing what he
chose.  On what basis do we condemn other societies besides, here's the buzz 
words, on the idea that there are some actions wrong for all humans in all 
societies?

  Holding that morality is subjective does not mean
>that we must excuse the murderer.

Why not? Do we have to be objective suddenly?
> 
>David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
>This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
>must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

MAC
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53321
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Nicknames

In article <16BB6B6FE.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:

SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (SCOTT D. SAUYET) writes:

>Okay, how about
>                  Scott "Can anybody hear me?" Sauyet
>                       ssauyet@eagel.wesleyan.edu


	Could you speak up? I can't hear you....



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
		
		"My sole intention was learning to fly."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53322
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5pxqs.LM5@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
> dean.kaflowitz (decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com) wrote:
> 
> : Now, what I am interested in is the original notion you were discussing
> : on moral free agency.  That is, how can a god punish a person for
> : not believing in him when that person is only following his or her
> : nature and it is not possible for that person to deny what his or
> : her reason tells him or her, which is that there is no god?
> 
> Dean,
> 
> I think you're letting atheist mythology

Great start.  I realize immediately that you are not interested
in discussion and are going to thump your babble at me.  I would
much prefer an answer from Ms Healy, who seems to have a
reasonable and reasoned approach to things.  Say, aren't you the
creationist guy who made a lot of silly statements about
evolution some time ago?

> confuse you on the issue of
> Divine justice. According to the most fundamental doctrines of
> Christianity, When the first man sinned, he was at that time the
> entire human race and any "punishment" meted out would necessarily
> affect the entire race of which he was the sole representive.All
> humans coming after him would, being of the same race (species), share
> in that judgement. It has nothing to do with who deserves what.
> From the perspective of God, humanity is but one category of created
> things and that category is condemned. 

Duh, gee, then we must be talking Christian mythology now.  I
was hoping to discuss something with a reasonable, logical
person, but all you seem to have for your side is a repetition
of the same boring mythology I've seen a thousand times before.
I am deleting the rest of your remarks, unless I spot something
that approaches an answer, because they are merely a repetition
of some uninteresting doctrine or other and contain no thought
at all.

[..]

I have to congratulate you, though, Bill.  You wouldn't
know a logical argument if it bit you on the balls.  Such
a persistent lack of function in the face of repeated
attempts to assist you in learning (which I have seen
in this forum and others in the past) speaks of a talent
that goes well beyond my own, meager abilities.  I just don't
seem to have that capacity for ignoring outside influences.

Dean Kaflowitz



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53323
From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

In article <930420.105805.0x8.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>>In article <930419.115707.6f2.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew
>><mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>>> Which "liberal news media" are we talking about?
>> 
>> Western news in general, but in particular the American "mass media":
>> CBS, NBC, ABC, etc.  The general tone of the news during the whole
>> war was one of "those poor, poor Iraqis" along with "look how precisely
>> this cruise missile blew this building to bits".
> 
> Most odd.  Over here there was very little about the suffering of the Iraqi
> civilians until towards the end of the war; and then it was confined to the
> few remaining quality newspapers.

True.  At first, the news media seemed entranced by all the new gizmos
the military was using, not to mention the taped video transmissions from
the missiles as they zeroed in on their targets.  But later, and especially
after the bunker full of civilians was hit, they changed their tone.  It
seemed to me that they didn't have the stomach for the reality of war,
that innocent people really do die and are maimed in warfare.  It's like
they were only pro-Gulf-War as long as it was "nice and clean" (smart
missiles dropping in on military HQs), but not when pictures of dead,
dying, and maimed civilians started cropping up.  What naive hypocrites!

> 
>>>> How about all the innocent people who died in blanket-bombing in WW2?
>>>> I don't hear you bemoaning them!

[ discussion about blanket-bombing and A-bombs deleted.]
>>> 
>> All things considered, the fire-bombings and the atomic bomb were
>> essential (and therefore justified) in bringing the war to a quick
                            ^^^^^^^^^
>> end to avoid even greater allied losses.

I should have said here "militarily justified".  It seems from your
comments below that you understood this as meaning "morally justified".
I apologize.

> 
> What about the evidence that America knew Japan was about to surrender after
> Hiroshima but *before* Nagasaki?  Is that another lie peddled by the liberal
> media conspiracy?

I have often wondered about this.  I've always thought that the first bomb
should have been dropped on Japan's island fortress of Truk.  A good,
inpenatrable military target.  The second bomb could've been held back
for use on an industrial center if need be.  But I digress.

Yes, I have heard that we found evidence (after the war, BTW) that Japan
was seriously considering surrender after the first bomb.  Unfortunately,
the military junta won out over the moderates and rejected the US's
ulimatum.  Therefore the second bomb was dropped.  Most unfortunate, IMO.

> 
>> I, for one, don't regret it.
> 
> Nuke a Jap for Jesus!
> 

I don't regret the fact that sometimes military decisions have to be made
which affect the lives of innocent people.  But I do regret the 
circumstances which make those decisions necessary, and I regret the
suffering caused by those decisions.  

[...]

>>> Why all the fuss about Kuwait and not East Timor, Bosnia, or even Tibet?
>>> If Iraq is so bad, why were we still selling them stuff a couple of weeks
>>> before we started bombing?
>> 
>> I make no claim or effort to justify the misguided foreign policy of the
>> West before the war.  It is evident that the West, especially America,
>> misjudged Hussein drastically.  But once Hussein invaded Kuwait and 
>> threatened to militarily corner a significant portion of the world's
>> oil supply, he had to be stopped.
> 
> Oh, I see.  So we can overlook his using chemical weapons on thousands of
> people, but if he threatens your right to drive a huge gas-guzzling car,
> well, the man's gotta go.

Actually, it was the fact that both situations existed that prompted US
and allied action.  If some back-water country took over some other
back-water country, we probably wouldn't intervene.  Not that we don't
care, but we can't be the world's policman.  Or if a coup had occured
in Kuwait (instead of an invasion), then we still wouldn't have acted
because there would not have been the imminent danger perceived to
Saudi Arabia.  But the combination of the two, an unprovoked invasion
by a genocidal tyrant AND the potential danger to the West's oil 
interests, caused us to take action.

> 
> [ I've moved a paragraph from here to later on ]
> 

[...]
>> 
>> If we hadn't intervened, allowing Hussein to keep Kuwait, then it would
>> have been appeasement.
> 
> Right.  But did you ever hear anyone advocate such a course of action?  Or
> are you just setting up a strawman?
> 

I'm not setting up a strawman at all.  If you want to argue against the
war, then the only logical alternative was to allow Hussein to keep
Kuwait.  Diplomatic alternatives, including sanctions, were ineffective.

>>>>                                                           I guess we
>>>> shouldn't have fought WW2 either -- just think of all those innocent
>>>> German civilians killed in Dresden and Hamburg.
>>> 
>>> Yes, do.  Germans are human too, you know.
>> 
>> Sure.  What was truly unfortunate was that they followed Hitler in
>> his grandiose quest for a "Thousand Year Reich".  The consequences
>> stemmed from that.
> 
> Translation: "They were asking for it".
> 
Well, in a sense, yes.  They probably had no idea of what end Hitler
would lead their nation to.

> But what about those who didn't support Hitler's dreams of conquest?  It's
> not as if they democratically voted for all his policies.  The NSDAP got 43%
> in the elections of 1933, and that was the last chance the German people got
> to vote on the matter.

They suffered along with the rest.  Why does this bother you so much?
The world is full of evil, and circumstances are not perfect.  Many
innocents suffer due to the wrongful actions of others.  It it regretable,
but that's The-Way-It-Is.  There are no perfect solutions.

[...]
>>> 
>>> I look forward to hearing your incisive comments about East Timor and
>>> Tibet.
>>
>> What should I say about them?  Anything in particular?
> 
> The people of East Timor are still being killed by a dictatorship that
> invaded their country.  Hell, even Western journalists have been killed.  All
> this was happening before the Gulf War.  Why didn't we send in the bombers to
> East Timor?  Why aren't we sending in the bombers NOW?

Probably because we're not the saviors of the world.  We can't police each
and every country that decides to self-destruct or invade another.  Nor
are we in a strategic position to get relief to Tibet, East Timor, or
some other places.
> 
> [ Here's that paragraph I moved ]
> 
>>> What's your intent?  To sound like a Loving Christian?  Well, you aren't
>>> doing a very good job of it.
>> 
>> Well, it's not very "loving" to allow a Hussein or a Hitler to gobble up
>> nearby countries and keep them.  Or to allow them to continue with mass
>> slaughter of certain peoples under their dominion.  So, I'd have to
>> say yes, stopping Hussein was the most "loving" thing to do for the
>> most people involved once he set his mind on military conquest.
> 
> The Chinese government has a policy of mandatory abortion and sterilization
> of Tibetans.  Tibetan people are rounded up, tortured, and executed.  Amnesty
> International recently reported that torture is still widespread in China.
> 
> Why aren't we stopping them?  In fact, why are we actively sucking up to them
> by trading freely with them?

Tell me how we could stop them and I'll support it.  I, for one, do not
agree with the present US policy of "sucking up to them" as you put it.
I agree that it is deplorable.

> 
>>>> And as for poor, poor Rodney King!  Did you ever stop and think *why*
>>>> the jury in the first trial brought back a verdict of "not guilty"?
>>> 
>>> Yes.  Amongst the things I thought were "Hmm, there's an awful lot of white
>>> people in that jury."
>> 
>> So?  It was the *policemen* on trial not Rodney King!!
> 
> Erm, surely it's irrelevant who's on trial?  Juries are supposed to represent
> a cross-section of the population.

Are they?  Or are they supposed to reflect the population of the locale
where the trial is held?  (Normally this is where the crime is committed
unless one party or the other can convince the judge a change of venue
is in order.)  I'm not an expert on California law, or even US law, but
it seems that this is the way the system is set up.  You can criticize
the system, but let's not have unfounded allegations of racial 
prejudice thrown around.

> 
>> And under American law they deserved a jury of *their* peers!
> 
> You are saying that black people are not the peers of white people?

No, not at all.  The point is that the fact that there were no blacks
on the first jury and that Rodney King is black is totally irrelevant.

> 
>> This point (of allegedly racial motivations) is really shallow.
> 
> This idea of people only being tried before a jury of people just like them
> is really stupid.  Should the Nuremburg trials have had a jury entirely made
> up of Nazis?

Germans, perhaps.  "Peers" doesn't mean "those who do the same thing",
like having murderers judge murderers.  It means "having people from
the same station in life", presumably because they are in a better
position to understand the defendent's motivation(s).

> 
>>>> Those who have been foaming at the mouth for the blood of those
>>>> policemen certainly have looked no further than the video tape.
>>>> But the jury looked at *all* the evidence, evidence which you and I
>>>> have not seen.
>>> 
>>> When I see a bunch of policemen beating someone who's lying defenceless on
>>> the ground, it's rather hard to imagine what this other evidence might have
>>> been.
>> 
>> So?  It's "hard to imagine"?  So when has Argument from Incredulity
>> gained acceptance from the revered author of "Constructing a Logical
>> Argument"?
> 
> We're not talking about a logical argument.  We're talking about a court of
> law.  As the FAQ points out, some fallacious arguments are not viewed as
> fallacies in a court of law.

OK, granted.  However, you are using this reasoning as part of *your*
logical argument in this discussion.  This is not a court of law.

> 
>> If the facts as the news commentators presented them are true, then
>> I feel the "not guilty" verdict was a reasonable one.
> 
> Were you not talking earlier about the bias of the liberal media conspiracy?
> 
The media is not totally monolithic.  Even though there is a prevailing
liberal bias, programs such as the MacNeil-Lehrer News Hour try to give
a balanced and fair reporting of the news.  There are even conservative
sources out there if you know where to look.  (Hurrah for Rush!)

BTW, I never used the word "conspiracy".  I don't accept (without *far*
more evidence) theories that there is some all-pervading liberal
conspiracy attempting to take over all news sources.

>>> "Thou shalt not kill... unless thou hast a pretty good reason for killing,
>>>  in which case thou shalt kill, and also kill anyone who gets in the way,
>>>  as unfortunately it cannot be helped."
>>>                                  -- Jim Brown Bible for Loving Christians
>> 
>> Thanks mathew, I like the quote.  Pretty funny actually.  (I'm a 
>> Monty Python fan, you know.  Kind of seems in that vein.)
>> 
>> Of course, oversimplifying any moral argument can make it seem
>> contradictory.  But then, you know that already.
> 
> Ha ha, only serious.
> 
> I, an atheist, am arguing against killing innocent people.
> 
> You, a supposed Christian, are arguing that it's OK to kill innocent people
> so long as you get some guilty ones as well.

Hardly.  I didn't say that it's a Good Thing [tm] to kill innocent people
if the end is just.  Unfortunately, we don't live in a perfect world and
there are no perfect solutions.  If one is going to  resist tyranny, then
innocent people on both sides are going to suffer and die.  I didn't say
it is OK -- it is unfortunate, but sometimes necessary.

> 
> I, a moral relativist, am arguing that saturation bombing of German cities at
> the end of World War II was (as far as I can see) an evil and unnecessary act.

I would agree that it was evil in the sense that it caused much pain
and suffering.  I'm not so sure that it was unnecessary as you say.  That
conclusion can only be arrived at by evaluating all the factors involved.
And perhaps it *was* unnecessary as (let's say) we now know.  That doesn't
mean that those who had to make the decision to bomb didn't see it as
being necessary.  Rarely can one have full known of the consequences of
an action before making a decision.  At the time it may have seemed
necessary enough to go ahead with it.

But don't assume that I feel the bombing was *morally* justified -- I
don't!  I just don't condemn those who had to make a difficult
decision under difficult circumstances.

> 
> You, having criticised moral relativism in the past, are now arguing that I am
> in no position to judge the morality of allied actions at the end of the
> War.  

You certainly are not in such a position if you are a moral relativist.
I, as an absolutist, am in a position to judge, but I defer judgment.

> You are arguing that the actions need to be assessed in the particular
> context of the time, and that they might have been moral then but not moral
> now.

Wrong.  They were neither moral then nor now.  They seemed necessary to
those making the decisions to bring a quick end to the war.  I simply
refuse to condemn them for their decision.
> 
> Where's your Christian love?  Where's your absolute morality?  Oh, how quick
> you are to discard them when it suits you.  As Ivan Stang would say, "Jesus
> would puke!"

One day I will stand before Jesus and give account of every word and action;
even this discourse in this forum.  I understand the full ramifications of
that, and I am prepared to do so.  I don't believe that you can make the
same claim.

> 
> mathew

And BTW, the reason I brought up the blanket-bombing in Germany was
because you were bemoaning the Iraqi civilian casualties as being 
"so deplorable".  Yet blanket bombing was instituted because bombing
wasn't accurate enough to hit industrial/military targets in a
decisive way by any other method at that time.  But in the Gulf War,
precision bombing was the norm.  So the point was, why make a big
stink about the relatively few civilian casualties that resulted
*in spite of* precision bombing, when so many more civilians
(proportionately and quantitatively) died under the blanket bombing
in WW2?  Even with precision bombing, mistakes happen and some
civilians suffer.  But less civilians suffered in this war than
any other iany other in history!  Many Iraqi civilians went about their lives
with minimal interference from the allied air raids.  The stories
of "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi civilian dead is just plain bunk.
Yes, bunk.  The US lost 230,000 servicemen in WW2 over four years
and the majority of them were directly involved in fighting!  But 
we are expected to swallow that "hundreds of thousands" of 
*civilian* Iraqis died in a war lasting about 2 months!  And with 
the Allies using the most precise bombs ever created at that!  
What hogwash.  If "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi civilians died, 
it was due to actions Hussein took on his own people, not due to 
the Allied bombing.

Regards,

Jim B.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53324
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Is Morality Constant (was Re: Biblical Rape)

My last response in this thread fell into a bit-bucket and vanished
(though appearing locally).  I'll repost it, since I always feel
slighted when someone appears to ignore one of my postings in a
conversational thread, I don't want Rob to think I'm doing so.  Since
this is now dated, however, don't feel compelled to respond...

In article <1993Apr08.174942.45124@watson.ibm.com> strom@Watson.Ibm.Com (Rob Strom) writes:
>I was making two separate points, both of which attack
>"face value" Bible interpretation:
>
>(1) To judge the Bible's value today, you judge it based on
>    the way it is used today.  That is, what do commentators
>    actually say, what do rabbis teach, etc.

I suspect you meant this in context of the Jewish tradition you have
been referring to; one problem with a highly-interpreted tradition
like this is what happens when a schism occurs, and over time certain
large and influential branches of the heretical group come to favor
exactly a "face value" interpretation...

>(2) To judge the Bible's value when originally written,
>    you (a) read it in the context of its time (not
>    with today's assumptions), and (b) compare it to
>    the practices of surrounding people.

While the context of the time is important, value judgments must
ultimately be according to current understanding, or at least to some
base standard (relative stability/success of a society, e.g.).  This
is obviously true in comparing it to practices of surrounding people,
for instance: according to the Bible, the surrounding people were
immoral savages with repulsive and inhuman habits.  We need to look
rather at what those peoples were *really* like.  For instance, in
what way is it better to worship a single god whose presence is
symbolically strongest in a tent or temple over multiple gods some of
whose presence is symbolically represented in a statue?  By the
Bible's own terms idolatry is inherently evil, but I see no evidence
that the followers of the various other religions of the area and time
were particularly bad people, relative to the people in the Bible.

>[...scissors and cloth...] Now in the past, our ancestors
>did cut cloth with scissors, but they at least knew that
>their inhumane neighbors cut it with their bare teeth,
>so this was a relatively enlightened step forward from
>their earlier barbarism, and made the transition to
>modern civilized paper-cutting that much easier."

Sounds good, but it presupposes teeth-rending neighbors, which I see
no support for.  One can argue that post-facto assertion of inhumane
neighbors can be used to make moral points, but that doesn't mean that
the actual neighbors really were inhuman.  More to the point, such
dehumanization of the people across the river or over the mountain, or
even of a different people dwelling among us, is all too common.

>|> That complex
>|> and benign moral traditions have evolved based on particular mythic
>|> interpretations of that history is interesting, but I still don't
>|> think it fair to take that long tradition of interpretation and use it
>|> to attack condemnation of the original history.

Note that I'm speaking of historical interpretation here, for instance
claiming that Hammurabi's "an eye for an eye" was primitive brutal
retribution, while Moses' version was an enlightened benign fine
(because the tradition has since interpreted the phrase that way).  As
of 3000 years ago or so, they probably both meant the same thing.

>To be sure, I'm arguing from a parochial perspective.
>I belong to this tiny tribe which has struggled against
>overwhelming odds for survival as a distinct tribe,
>and this book is the book of my tribe.  The book commands
>us to dedicate ourselves to study, to improve the
>world, and to set an example as "a light to the nations".
>
>We've revered the book, and I think we've been successful:
>as scientists, as artists and musicians, as leaders
>in important humanitarian causes.  It's hard for me to
>separate the success of my people from the virtue
>of our book.  You'd have to argue that we'd have
>done significantly better with a different book or with no book,
>or that another tribe with a different book or
>with no book has done significantly better.

I don't belittle the accomplishments, particularly the intellectual
ones, of the Jewish people.  I have given up on trying to think by
analogy, since I don't know of any other 'tribe' that is at all
similar (the closest I can think of are the Romany, but I don't know
enough about them to make a meaningful comparison).  I think a
tradition of reflective study, of flexible rather than dogmatic
interpretation, is a good thing.  I think that with such an attitude a
case could be made that you could have done as well starting with a
1943 Captain America comic (or whatever the Babylonian equivalent
would have been).
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.


-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53325
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: "satanic" verses

Once again, this posting has been delayed for about a week by falling
between some software cracks...

In article <114525@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>As promised, here is Rafiq Zakaria's discussion of the nature of
>the so-called "satanic verses" from which Rushdie's title has been
>taken. (Rafiq Zakaria, _Muhammad and the Quran_, Penguin '91)

[Here follows an introduction to the controversial incident, and an
 apologetic explanation purporting to show why it couldn't actually
 have happened.  The historicity of the episode doesn't matter to what
 follows]

I don't know whether I'm quoting Gregg or Zakaria below.  Anyway, back
to current affairs,

>Rushdie has, by his own admission, drawn
>on the version given by [the orientalist] Watt 

Among others; this incident is not something Rushdie or Watt or anyone
else dug up from nowhere, it is a well known story, a myth if you
will, known (according to Umar Khan) to "Every Muslim school boy and
girl", and so presumably to Rushdie, and to Gibreel Farishta.

>and then allowed his
>imagination to run wild 

Yes, this is what writing fiction is all about.  Rushdie was writing
about a crisis of faith, and chose this myth to present it, by placing
the actor "Gibreel" in the role of the angel whose name he took.
Rushdie was not writing a history or theology book, and nowhere claims
or implies that this is what actually happened.  It's somewhat like
stories woven around the relationship between Jesus and the reformed
prostitute Mary Magdalene (another myth).  Or those referring to the
Arthurian mythos, or the Grail legend, or the Wandering Jew, or dozens
of others.  If you can stand to read the work of a blasphemer,
consider Salman Rushdie's children's book "Haroun and the Sea of
Stories" for an idea of the way a storyteller -- a specific
storyteller -- works with existing story lines.

>to ridicule Muhammad's integrity...

No.  Muhammad's [Mahound's] integrity is not really impugned in this
part of the story, and there's no reason to think this was Rushdie's
intent: Gibreel, as the archangel, produces the verses (divine and
satanic), though he doesn't know their provenance.  It is not implied
(in a straight reading) that Muhammad influences them:

    " *Not my voice* I'd never know such words I'm no classy speaker
    never was never will be but this isn't my voice it's a Voice.
      Mahound's eyes open wide, he's seeing some kind of vision,
    staring at it, oh, that's right, Gibreel remembers, me.  He's
    seeing me.  My lips moving, being moved by.  What, whom?  Don't
    know, can't say.  Nevertheless, here they are, coming out of my
    mouth, up my throat, past my teeth: the Words.
      Being God's postman is no fun, yaar.
      Butbutbut: God isn't in this picture.
      God knows whose postman I've been."

It's ambiguous: is Mahound somehow manipulating Gibreel?  Is it Satan?
Or something else?  The answer is not given.

To be sure, the question is raised.  This novel explores faith and the
role of revelation in religion, among other things.  Addressing loss
of faith implicitly raises questions about the truth of revelation,
but this novel proposes no answers, at least not directly.  The very
existence of a newsgroup named "alt.atheism" raises the same
questions, more forcefully, and does propose some answers, which is
the real relevance.  If Rushdie's mild fictional exploration is "filth
and lies", and he "asked for what he got", are we next on the fatwa
list?  (That's a rhetorical question, of course.)
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.


-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53326
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Who Says the Apostles Were Tortured?

Another article that fell between the cracks:

In article <1qiu97INNpq6@srvr1.engin.umich.edu> ingles@engin.umich.edu (Ray Ingles) writes:
 As evidence for the Resurrection, it is often claimed that the Disciples
were tortured to death for their beliefs and still did not renounce
their claim that Jesus had come back from the dead.
 Now, I skimmed Acts and such, and I found a reference to this happening
to Stephen, but no others. Where does this apparently very widely held
belief come from? Is there any evidence outside the Bible? Is there any
evidence *in* the Bible? I sure haven't found any...

Briefly, no.  There is widespread folklore, but no good documentary
evidence, or even solid rumor, concerning the deaths of the Apostles.
Further, the usual context of such arguments, as you observe, is "No
Martyrs for a Lie": i.e. the willingness of these people to die rather
than recant is evidence for the truth of their belief.  This adds the
quite stronger twist that the proposed martyrs must have been offered
the chance of life by recanting.  Since we don't even know how or
where they died, we certainly don't have this information.  (By the
way, even in the case of Stephen it is not at all clear that he could
have saved himself by recanting).  The willingness of true believers
to die for their belief, be it in Jesus or Jim Jones, is
well-documented, so martyrdom in and of itself says little.  [See
1Kings18:20-40 for a Biblical account of the martyrdom of 450 priests
of Baal].


-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53327
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?

Another one rescued from the bit bucket...

Over the years the furor over this book has been discussed on a.a. and
elsewhere on the net.  Generally, the discussion comes down to the
contention on the one hand that TSV contains such blood libel against
Islam as to merit, if not death, than at least banning and probably
some sort of punishment; and on the other that Rushdie, particularly
as a non-muslim in a Western country, had every right to write and
publish whatever he chose, regardless of whether some muslims find it
offensive, without fear of persecution or death.  

I am naturally inclined to the latter position, but find myself in an
interesting position, because I think this is a fine book, only
incidentally concerned with Islam, and moreover I'm damned if I can
find anything malevolently offensive in it.

Over the years, when I have made this point, various primarily muslim
posters have responded, saying that yes indeed they have read the book
and had called it such things as "filth and lies", "I would rank
Rushdie's book with Hitler's Mein Kempf or worse", and so on.
Unfortunately, these comments are usually generalities, and attempts
to follow up by requesting explanations for what specifically is so
offensive have met either with stony silence, more generalizations, or
inaccurate or out-of-context references to the book [which lead me to
believe that few of them have actually read it].  Corrections and
attempts to discuss the text in context have been ignored.

Anyway, since I seem to be the only one following this particular line
of discussion, I wonder how many of the rest of the readership have
read this book?  What are your thoughts on it?  
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.


-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53328
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Is Morality Constant (was Re: Biblical Rape)

This response originally fell into a bit bucket.  I'm reposting it
just so Bill doesn't think I'm ignoring him.

In article <C4w5pv.JxD@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>Jim Perry (perry@dsinc.com) wrote:
>
>[Some stuff about Biblical morality, though Bill's quote of me had little
> to do with what he goes on to say]

Bill,

I'm sorry to have been busy lately and only just be getting around to
this.

Apparently you have some fundamental confusions about atheism; I think
many of these are well addressed in the famous FAQ.  Your generalisms
are then misplaced -- atheism needn't imply materialism, or the lack
of an absolute moral system.  However, I do tend to materialism and
don't believe in absolute morality, so I'll answer your questions.

>How then can an atheist judge value? 

An atheist judges value in the same way that a theist does: according
to a personal understanding of morality.  That I don't believe in an
absolute one doesn't mean that I don't have one.  I'm just explicit,
as in the line of postings you followed up, that when I express
judgment on a moral issue I am basing my judgment on my own code
rather than claiming that it is in some absolute sense good or bad.
My moral code is not particular different from that of others around
me, be they Christians, Muslims, or atheists.  So when I say that I
object to genocide, I'm not expressing anything particularly out of
line with what my society holds.

If your were to ask why I think morality exists and has the form it
does, my answer would be mechanistic to your taste -- that a moral
code is a prerequisite for a functioning society, and that humanity
probably evolved morality as we know it as part of the evolution of
our ability to exist in large societies, thereby achieving
considerable survival advantages.  You'd probably say that God just
made the rules.  Neither of us can convince the other, but we share a
common understanding about many moral issues.  You think you get it
from your religion, I think I get it (and you get it) from early
childhood teaching.

>That you don't like what God told people to do says nothing about God
>or God's commands, it says only that there was an electrical event in your
>nervous system that created an emotional state that your mind coupled
>with a pre-existing thought-set to form that reaction. 

I think you've been reading the wrong sort of comic books, but in
prying through the gobbledygook I basically agree with what you're
saying.  I do believe that my mental reactions to stimuli such as "God
commanded the genocide of the Canaanites" is mechanistic, but of
course I think that's true of you as well.  My reaction has little to
do with whether God exists or even with whether I think he does, but
if a god existed who commanded genocide, I could not consider him
good, which is supposedly an attribute of God.

>All of this being so, you have excluded
>yourself from any discussion of values, right, wrong, goood, evil,
>etc. and cannot participate. Your opinion about the Bible can have no
>weight whatsoever.

Hmm.  Yes, I think some heavy FAQ-reading would do you some good.  I
have as much place discussing values etc. as any other person.  In
fact, I can actually accomplish something in such a discussion, by
framing the questions in terms of reason: for instance, it is clear
that in an environment where neighboring tribes periodically attempt
to wipe each other out based on imagined divine commands, then the
quality of life will be generally poor, so a system that fosters
coexistence is superior, if quality of life is an agreed goal.  An
absolutist, on the other hand, can only thump those portions of a
Bible they happen to agree with, and say "this is good", even if the
act in question is unequivocally bad by the standards of everyone in
the discussion.  The attempt to define someone or a group of people as
"excluded from discussion", such that they "cannot participate", and
their opinions given "no weight whatsoever" is the lowest form or
reasoning (ad hominem/poisoning the well), and presumably the resort
of someone who can't rationally defend their own ideas of right,
wrong, and the Bible.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53329
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: Origins of the bible.

In article <1993Apr19.141112.15018@cs.nott.ac.uk>, eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (A.Wainwright) writes:
> Hi,
> 
> I have been having an argument about the origins of the bible lately with
> a theist acquaintance.  He stated that thousands of bibles were discovered
> at a certain point in time which were syllable-perfect.  This therefore
> meant that there must have been one copy at a certain time; the time quoted
> by my acquaintace was approximately 50 years after the death of Jesus.

You can tell your friend from me that I was in a publisher's
warehouse one time and saw thousands of copies of The Joy of
Cooking and every one of them was syllable-perfect.

I have since sold all I own and become a follower of The Joy
of Cooking.  The incident I mentioned convinced me, once and
for all, that The Joy of Cooking is inspired by god and the
one true path to his glory.

Dean Kaflowitz  May the Sauce be With You



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53331
From: jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <1qsum1INNg5k@shelley.u.washington.edu> jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan) writes:
>
>I think you've missed the point.  Take "alt.atheism" for instance.
>It's an exponent-based anagram.  When fully extended, it translates
>to:
>     Dig Tunnels Deep!
>     Store Grain Everywhere!
>     Prepare for the Coming Struggle!
>
>You'll no doubt recognize this as a quote from Chairman Mao.
>
>Thus, I think you'll have to admit that  atheists have a lot 
>more up their sleeve than you might have suspected. 
>
>Agnostics will be sent to the gulag under the Mao-atheist new order.

Now where did I put my little red book?  Or was that green?

Jim
--
If God is dead and the actor plays his part                    | -- Sting,
His words of fear will find their way to a place in your heart | History
Without the voice of reason every faith is its own curse       | Will Teach Us
Without freedom from the past things can only get worse        | Nothing

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53332
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

Dan Schaertel,,, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) wrote:

Since this is alt.atheism, I hope you don't mind if we strongly disagree...

: The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
: But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
: you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
: love you.     The responsibility is on you to love God and take a step toward
: Him.  He promises to be there for you, but you have to look for yourself.

Indeed, "knock and it shall be opened to you". Dan, why didn't this work?
I firmly believed in god for 15 years, but I eventually realised I was
only deluding myself, fearful to face the truth. Ultimately, the only reason
what kept me believing was the fear of hell. The mental states I 
had sillily attributed to divine forces or devil's attempts to 
destroy my faith were nothing more than my imagination, and it is easy
to achieve the same mental states at will. 

My faith was just learned fear in a disguise.

: Those who doubt this or dispute it have not givin it a sincere effort.

God is demanding too much. Dan, what was it I believed in for 15 years?
If sincere effort is equivalent to active suspension of disbelief -
what it was in my case - I'd rather quit. If god does not help me to
keep the faith, I can't go on. 

Besides, I am concerned with god's morality and mental health. Does
she really want us to _believe_ in herself without any help (revelations,
guidance, or anything I can feel)? If she has created us, why didn't
she make the task any easier? Why are we supposed to love someone who
refuses to communicate with us? What is the point of eternal torture
for those who can't believe?

I love god just as much as she loves me. If she wants to seduce me,
she'll know what to do. 

: Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
: that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
: Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
: the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
: know more than you do now. 

Your argument is of the type "you'll know once you try".
Yet there are many atheists who have sincerely tried, and believed
for many years, but were eventually honest enough to admit that 
they had lived in a virtual reality.

What else but reason I can use? I don't have the spiritual means 
Christians often refer to. My conscience disagrees with the Bible.
I don't even believe I have a soul. I am fully dependent on my
body - indeed, I _am_ this body. When it goes up with flames, so
does my identity. God can entertain herself with copies of me
if she wants.

: To learn you must accept that which you don't know.

What does this mean? To learn you must accept that you don't know 
something, right-o. But to learn you must _accept_ something I don't
know, why? This is not the way I prefer to learn. It is unwise to
merely swallow everything you read. Suppose I write a book telling
how the Great Invisible Pink Unicorn (tm) has helped me in my
daily problems, would you accept this, since you can't know whether
it is true or not?

Note that the GIPU is also omnipotent, omnipresent, and loves just
about everyone. Besides, He (and She) is guiding every writer on this planet,
you and me, and not just some people who write legendary stories
2000 years ago.

Your god is just one aspect of His and Her Presence.

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53333
From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Gulf War / Selling Arms

In article <930420.113512.1V3.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
> mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:

From a parallel thread.  Much about definitions of bombs, etc. deleted.
[...]

> 
>> Aaaahhh.  Tell me, how many innocents were killed in concentration camps?
>> mm-hmm.  Now, how many more were scheduled to enter concentration camps
>> had they not been shut down because they were captured by the allies?
>> mm-hmm.  Now, civilians died in that war.  So no matter what you do,
>> civilians die.  What is the proper course?
> 
> Don't sell the bastard arms and information in the first place.  Ruthlessly
> hunt down those who do.  Especially if they're in positions of power.
> 

Mathew, I agree.  This, it seems, is the crux of your whole position,
isn't it?  That the US shouldn't have supported Hussein and sold him arms
to fight Iran?  I agree.  And I agree in ruthlessly hunting down those
who did or do.  But we *did* sell arms to Hussein, and it's a done deal.
Now he invades Kuwait.  So do we just sit back and say, "Well, we sold
him all those arms, I suppose he just wants to use them now.  Too bad
for Kuwait."  No, unfortunately, sitting back and "letting things be"
is not the way to correct a former mistake.  Destroying Hussein's
military potential as we did was the right move.  But I agree with
your statement, Reagan and Bush made a grave error in judgment to
sell arms to Hussein.  So it's really not the Gulf War you abhor
so much, it was the U.S.'s and the West's shortsightedness in selling
arms to Hussein which ultimately made the war inevitable, right?

If so, then I agree.

[more deleted.]
> 
> mathew

Regards,

Jim B.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53334
From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics


Maddi Hausmann chirps:

>timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes: >

>>First of all, you seem to be a reasonable guy.  Why not try to be more >honest
>>and include my sentence afterwards that

>Honest, it just ended like that, I swear!

That's nice.

>Hmmmm...I recognize the warning signs...alternating polite and
>rude...coming into newsgroup with huge chip on shoulder...calls
>people names and then makes nice...whirrr...click...whirrr

You forgot the third equality...whirrr...click...whirrr...see below...

>Whirr click whirr...Frank O'Dwyer might also be contained
>in that shell...pop stack to determine...whirr...click..whirr

>"Killfile" Keith Allen Schneider = Frank "Closet Theist" O'Dwyer = ...

= Maddi "The Mad Sound-O-Geek" Hausmann

...whirrr...click...whirrr

--
Bake Timmons, III

-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53335
From: oser@fermi.wustl.edu (Scott Oser)
Subject: Re: Studies on Book of Mormon

I think that _The_Transcedental_Temptation_, by Paul Kurtz, has a good
section on the origins of Mormonism you might want to look at.

-Scott O.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53337
From: GMILLS@CHEMICAL.watstar.uwaterloo.ca (Phil Trodwell)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <timmbake.735175045@mcl> timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
>From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
>Subject: Amusing atheists and agnostics
>Date: 18 Apr 93 23:17:25 GMT

[some big deletions]
>
>Many atheists show a poor understanding of human nature, so many 
      ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^                
>people who would otherwise sympathize with their cause only shake their 
>heads in disbelief at such childish ranting.

Another in a string of idiotic generalizations.  Gad, I'm surprised I got 
this far down in the post.  I guess some just like seeing their names up on 
a CRT.  

Like me :-)



Phil Trodwell 

***   This space   ***|   "I'd be happy to ram a goddam 440-volt cattle
***    for rent.   ***|   prod into that tub with you right now, but not
***     (cheap)    ***|   this radio!"       -Hunter S. Thompson

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53338
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

Perhaps it's prophetic that the week "Where are they now?" appears and
I can claim to be a still-active old-timer, my news software gets bit
rot and ships outgoing articles into a deep hole somewhere...  Anyway,
here's a repost:

In article <1qi156INNf9n@senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU> tcbruno@athena.mit.edu (Tom Bruno) writes:
>
>Which brings me to the point of my posting.  How many people out there have 
>been around alt.atheism since 1990?  I've done my damnedest to stay on top of
>the newsgroup, but when you fall behind, you REALLY fall behind [...]

These days you don't have to fall far behind... Last Monday
(admittedly after a long weekend, but...) I had 800+ messages just in
those few days.  Aside from a hiatus while changing jobs last Fall
I've been here since 1990.

>Has anyone tried to
>keep up with the deluge?  Inquiring minds want to know!  Also-- does anyone
>keep track of where the more infamous posters to alt.atheism end up, once they
>leave the newsgroup?  Just curious, I guess.

Hell, Norway?  The rubber room at the funny farm?  Seminary?  It is
not given to us to know...
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53339
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: STRONG & weak Atheism

Did that FAQ ever got modified to re-define strong atheists as not those who
assert the nonexistence of God, but as those who assert that they BELIEVE in 
the nonexistence of God?  There was a thread on this earlier, but I didn't get
the outcome...

-- Adam "No Nickname" Cooper



********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
* (612) 696-7521		   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53340
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

In article <93Apr20.035421edt.47719@neat.cs.toronto.edu>, tgk@cs.toronto.edu (Todd Kelley) writes:
> In light of what happened in Waco, I need to get something of my
> chest.

Sadly understandable...

> 
> Faith and dogma are dangerous.  

Yes.

> 
> Religion inherently encourages the implementation of faith and dogma, and
> for that reason, I scorn religion.
> 
To be fair, you should really qualify this as semitic-western religions, but
you basically go ahead and do this later on anyway.

> I have expressed this notion in the past.  Some Christians debated
> with me whether Christianity leaves any room for reasoning.  I claimed
> rationality is quelled out of Christianity by faith and dogma.

Again, this should really be evaluated at a personal level.  For example, there
was only one Jesus (presumably), and he probably didn't say all that many
things, and yet (seemingly) billions and billions of Christian sects have
arisen.  Perhaps there is one that is totally dedicated to rationalism and
believes in Christ as in pantheism.  It would seem to go against the Bible, but
it is amazing what people come up with under the guise of "personal
interpretation".

> A philosopher cannot be a Christian because a philosopher can change his mind,
> whereas a Christian cannot, due to the nature of faith and dogma present
> in any religion.

This is a good point.  We have here the quintessential Christian: he sets up a
system of values/beliefs for himself, which work very well, and every
event/experience is understandable and deablable within the framework of this
system.  However, we also have an individual who has the inability (at least
not without some difficulty) to change, which is important, because the problem
with such a system is the same as with any system: one cannot be open minded to
the point of "testing hypotheses" against the basic premise of the system
without destroying whatever faith is invested therein, unless of course, all
the tests fail.  In other words, the *fairer* way would be to test and evaluate
moralities without the bias/responsibility of losing/retaining a system.

> 
> I claimed that a ``Christian philosopher'' is not a Christian,
> but is a person whose beliefs at the moment correspond with those
> of Christianity. Consider that a person visiting or guarding a prison
> is not a prisoner, unless you define a prisoner simply to be someone
> in a prison.
> Can we define a prisoner to be someone who at the moment is in a prison?
> Can we define a Christian to be someone who at the moment has Christian
> beliefs?  No, because if a person is free to go, he is not a prisoner.
> Similarly, if a person is not constrained by faith and dogma, he is not
> a Christian.

Interesting, but again, when it seems to basically boil down to individual
nuances (although not always, I will admit, and probably it is the
mass-oriented divisions which are the most appalling), it becomes irrelevant,
unfortunately.

> 
> I admit it's a word game.
> I'm going by the dictionary definition of religion:
>    ``religion n. 1. concern over what exists beyond the visible world,
>      differentiated from philosophy in that it operates through faith
>      or intuition rather than reason, ...''
>                                    --Webster's
> 
> Now let's go beyond the word game.  I don't claim that religion
> causes genocide.  I think that if all humans were atheist, there
> would still be genocide.  There will always be humans who don't think.
> There will always be humans who don't ask themselves what is
> the REAL difference between themselves and people with different
> colored skin, or a different language, or different beliefs.
> 

Granted

> Religion is like the gun that doesn't kill anybody.  Religion encourages
> faith and dogma and although it doesn't directly condemn people,
> it encourages the use of ``just because'' thinking.  It is
> ``just because'' thinking that kills people.
> 

In which case the people become the bullets, and the religion, as the gun,
merely offers them a way to more adequately do some harm with themselves, if I
may be so bold as to extend your similie?

> Sure, religion has many good qualities.  It encourages benevolence
> and philanthropy.  OK, so take out only the bad things: like faith,
> dogma, and tradition.  Put in the good things, like careful reasoning,
> and science.  The result is secular humanism.  Wouldn't it
> be nice if everyone were a secular humanist?   To please the
> supernaturalists, you might even leave God in there, but the secular
> emphasis would cause the supernaturalists to start thinking, and
> they too would realize that a belief in a god really doesn't put
> anyone further ahead in understanding the universe (OK, I'm just
> poking fun at the supernaturalists :-).

Also understandable... ;)

> 
> Of course, not all humans are capable of thought, and we'd still
> have genocide and maybe even some mass suicide...but not as much.
> I'm willing to bet on that.
> 
> Todd
> -- 
> Todd Kelley                       tgk@cs.toronto.edu
> Department of Computer Science
> University of Toronto
-- 

best regards,


********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
* (612) 696-7521		   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53342
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <C5qt5p.Mvo@blaze.cs.jhu.edu> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:

>In article <115694@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>>I think many reading this group would also benefit by knowing how
>>deviant the view _as I've articulated it above_ (which may not be
>>the true view of Khomeini) is from the basic principles of Islam. 

>From the point ov view of an atheist, I see you claim Khomeini wasn't
>practicing true Islam.  But I'm sure that he would have said the same about
>you.  How am I, a member of neither group, supposed to be able to tell which
>one of you two is really a true Muslim?

This is a very good point. I have already made the clear claim that
Khomeini advocates views which are in contradition with the Qur'an
and have given my arguments for this. This is something that can be
checked by anyone sufficiently interested. Khomeini, being dead,
really can't respond, but another poster who supports Khomeini has
responded with what is clearly obfuscationist sophistry. This should
be quite clear to atheists as they are less susceptible to religionist
modes of obfuscationism. 

So, to answer your question, the only way you can judge is by learning 
more about Islam, that is by reading the Qur'an and understanding it's 
basic principles. Once one has done this it is relatively easy to see 
who is following the principles of Islam and who is acting in a way at 
odds with Islam. Khomeini by attributing a superhuman status to twelve 
muslim historical leaders is at variance with one of basic principles 
of Islam, which is that no human being is metaphysically different than 
any other human being and in no sense any closer to God in metaphysical 
nature.


Gregg


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53343
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <11855@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:


>In article <116003@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>>This supports nothing. I have no reason to believe that this is 
>>piece is anything other than another anti-Islamic slander job.
>>I have no respect for titles, only for real content. I can look
>>up this article if I want, true. But I can tell you BCCI was _not_
>>an Islamic bank. Seeing as I'm spending my time responding to
>>propaganda (in responding to this little sub-thread) I really
>>don't feel a deep need to do more than make statements to the
>>effect that the propaganda is false. If someone wants to discuss
>>the issue more seriously then I'd be glad to have a real discussion,
>>providing references, etc.


>  But you must admit that this is a more thorough argument
>  supporting a proposition than your 'it's propganda because I say
>  so'.  I hope you can see why we might not find this argument 
>  compelling.  If you want to refute a point, then do so, but do it
>  right.



Well, again, I am doing as much as the poster I was replying too. I am
quite busy and really don't have the time to respond in full scholarly
form to every accusation that is flippantly made by someone who's 
being clearly antagonistic.


>  And have you ever considered that perhaps these people actually
>  believe what they say?  That they are not just spreading
>  propaganda? 


I have considered it. But if someone spreads falsehoods out of
ignorance then they are still spreading falsehoods. Those falsehoods
generally do not come out of nowhere but are produced by people
who know that what they are saying is (at _least_) not the whole
truth. I still consider such spreading of falsehoods propaganda
on some level.


> I'm not in a position to say, since I know nothing
>  about the situation.  That does not, in my estimation, qualify me
>  as having my head up my ass.


Bob, I never accused you of having your head up your ass! It takes
me quite some time in dealing with someone before accusing them of
having their head up their ass. I was accusing the original poster
(Benedikt, I believe) of being so impaired.


Cheers,

Gregg



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53344
From: ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill Ray)
Subject: Re: Who Says the Apostles Were Tortured?

: The willingness of true believers
: to die for their belief, be it in Jesus or Jim Jones, is
: well-documented, so martyrdom in and of itself says little.

It does say something about the depth of their belief.  Religion has
both deluded believers and con men.  The difference is often how far
they will follow their beliefs.

I have no first hand, or even second hand, knowledge of how the 
original apostles died.  If they began a myth in hopes of exploiting
it for profit, and followed that myth to the death, that would be
inconsistent.  Real con men would bail out when it was obvious it would 
lead to discomfort, pain and death.

The story in 1 Kings regarding the 450 prophets of Baal is of no
help in this debate.  One can easily assume that they believed that
no overwhelming vindication of Elijah would be forthcoming.  He was
simply a fool, who would be shown to be so.  The fire from heaven was
swift and their seizure and deaths were equally swift.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53346
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <C5r5C9.69B@unix.portal.com> danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock) writes:

>In article <C5qt5p.Mvo@blaze.cs.jhu.edu> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:

>>In article <115694@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>>>I think many reading this group would also benefit by knowing how
>>>deviant the view _as I've articulated it above_ (which may not be
>>>the true view of Khomeini) is from the basic principles of Islam. 

>>From the point ov view of an atheist, I see you claim Khomeini wasn't
>>practicing true Islam.  But I'm sure that he would have said the same about
>>you.  How am I, a member of neither group, supposed to be able to tell which
>>one of you two is really a true Muslim?

>Easy - just read the Koran. Because the Koran is perfect, there is
>no possibility of disagreement. :-) :-) 

Okay, I see smilies, so this isn't supposed to be a serious post.
On the other hand, I would suppose it does has some motivation behind
it. Apparently the idea is to poke fun at religion, but there is 
presumably some sort of reasoning behind it. As an argument, this 
statement is worthless. Presuming the Qur'an is a perfect religious 
text (whatever that might be) there is still plenty of room for 
disagreement about its implications for issues far from essentials.

I've already responded to the question of how a judgment might be made
between two people who in fact _do_ disagree about Islam, which doesn't
presume anything about the Qur'an other than its having sufficient
clarity for all important disputes about the basic principles of
Islam. This hardly constitutes a claim that no two people could have
disagreements about _all_ issues relevant to Islam.


Gregg


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53347
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism)

In article <1993Apr19.231641.21652@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:

>The positive aspect of this verse noted by Dr. Maurice Bucaille is that
>while geocentrism was the commonly accepted notion at the time (and for
>a long time afterwards), there is no notion of geocentrism in this verse
>(or anywhere in the Qur'an).

	There is no notion of heliocentric, or even galacticentric either.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
		
		"My sole intention was learning to fly."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53349
From: GMILLS@CHEMICAL.watstar.uwaterloo.ca (Phil Trodwell)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
>Subject: Societally acceptable behavior
>Date: Mon, 19 Apr 1993 13:39:39 GMT
>Merely a question for the basis of morality
>
>Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.
>1)Who is society
>2)How do "they" define what is acceptable?
>3)How do we keep from a "whatever is legal is what is "moral" "position?
>MAC

Wow! You got me thinking now!

This is an interesting question in that recently there has been a 
move in society to classify previously "socially unacceptable" yet legal 
activities as OK.  In the past it seems to me there were always two 
coexisting methods of social control.

First (and most explicit) is legal control.  That is the set of 
actions we define as currently illegal and having a specifically defined set 
of punishments.

Secondly (and somewhat more hidden) is social control.  These are 
the actions which are considered socially unacceptable and while not covered 
by legal control, are scrictly controled by social censure. Ideally (if 
socialization is working as it should) legal control is hardly ever needed 
since most people voluntarilly control their actions due to the pressure of 
social censure.

The control manifests itself in day-to-day life as "guilt" and 
"morality".  I've heard it said (and fully believe) that if it weren't for 
the VAST majority of people policing themselves, legal control would be 
absolutely impossible.

Lately (last 50, 100 years?) however there has been a move to 
attempt to dissengage the individual from societal control (ie. if it ain't 
illegal, then don't pick on me).  I'm not saying this is wrong, merely 
that it is a byproduct of a society which has:

	1) A high education level,
	2) A high exposure to alternative ideas via the popular media,
	3) A high level of institutionalized individual rights, and
	4) A "me" oriented culture.

I guess what I'm saying is that we appear to be in a state of transition, 
here in the western world in that we still have many ideas about what we can\
can't allow people to do based entirely on personal squeamishness, yet we 
are fully bent on maximizing individual freedoms to the max as long as 
those freedoms don't impinge on another's.

IMHO society is trying to persue two mutually exclusive ends here.  While we 
appreciate and persue individual rights (these satisfy the old 
territoriality and dominance instincts), the removal of socialized, 
inherent fears based on ignorance will result in the 
continued destabilization of society.  

I got no quick fix.  I have no idea how we can get ourselves out of this 
mess.  I know I would never consent to the roll-back of personal freedoms 
in order to "stabilize" society.  Yet I believe development of societies 
follow a Darwinian process which selects for stability.  Can we find a 
social model which maximizes indiv. freed.'s yet is stable?  Perhaps it is 
possible to live with a "non-stable" society?

Anybody see a way out?  Comments?

PS.  Therefore answer to question #3:  We don't.  Do we want to?



Phil Trodwell 

***   This space   ***|   "I'd be happy to ram a goddam 440-volt cattle
***    for rent.   ***|   prod into that tub with you right now, but not
***     (cheap)    ***|   this radio!"       -Hunter S. Thompson

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53350
From: mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Gulf War (was Re: Death Penalty was Re: Political Atheists?)

In article <930420.113512.1V3.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>Don't sell the bastard arms and information in the first place.  Ruthlessly
>hunt down those who do.  Especially if they're in positions of power.

I looked back at this, and asked some questions of various people and
got the following information which I had claimed and you pooh-poohed.
The US has not sold Iraq any arms.  Their navy is entirely made of
F-USSR vessels.  Their airforce (not including stuff captured from Kuwait
which I am not as sure about), doesn't include any US equipment.  Their
missiles are all non-US.  Their tanks are almost all soviet, with about
100 French tanks (older ones). The only US stuff in the Iraqi arsenal
is a few M113s.  Those were not sold to Iraq.  Iraq captured them from
other countries (like Kuwait).  Information is hard to prove.  You are
claiming that the US sold information?  Prove it. 

Now, how did the US build up Iraq again?  I just gave some fairly
conclusive evidence that the US didn't sell arms to Iraq.  Information
is hard to prove, almost certainly if the US did sell information, then that
fact is classified, and you can't prove it.  If you can provide some
useful evidence that the US sold arms or valuable intelligence to Iraq,
I am very interested, but not if you just make claims based on what
"everyone knows".

-- 
***************************************************************************
* mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu * Never program and drink beer at the same *
* M^2                          *  time.  It doesn't work.                 *
***************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53351
From: timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and anarchists

mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu writes:

>My turn
>I went back and reread your post.  All you did is attack atheism, and
>say that agnosticism wasn't as funny as atheism.  Nowhere does that
>imply that you are agnostic, or weak atheist.  As most people who post
>such inflammatory remarks are theists, it was a reasonable assumption.

Sorry, you're right.  I did not clearly state it.

>>Rule *2:  Condescending to the population at large (i.e., theists) will not
>>win many people to your faith anytime soon.  It only ruins your credibility.

>How am I being condescending to the population at large?  I am stating
>something that happened to be true for a long time, I couldn't believe
>that people actually believed in this god idea.  It was an alien concept
>to me.  I am not trying to win people to my faith as you put it.  I have
>no faith.  Religion was a non issue when I had the attitude above because
>it never even occurred to me to believe.  Atheist by default I guess you
>could say.

The most common form of condescending is the rational versus irrational
attitude.  Once one has accepted the _assumption_ that there is no god(s),
and then consider other faiths to be irrational simply because their
assumption(s) contradict your assumption, then I would say there's a
lack of consistency here.

Now I know you'll get on me about faith.  If the _positive_ belief that God
does not exist were a closed, logical argument, why do so many rational
people have problems with that "logic"?

But you, probably like me, seem to be a soft atheist.  Sorry for the flamage.

>The line about atheists haveing something up their sleeves is what seemed
>to imply that.  Sorry, been reading too much on the CLIPPER project lately,
>and the paranoia over there may have seeped in some.

;)  What is the CLIPPER project BTW?

>>Rule #4:  Don't mix apples with oranges.  How can you say that the
>>extermination by the Mongols was worse than Stalin?  Khan conquered >people
>>unsympathetic to his cause.  That was atrocious.  But Stalin killed >millions of
>>his own people who loved and worshipped _him_ and his atheist state!!  >>How can
>>anyone be worse than that?

>Many rulers have done similar things in the past, only Stalin did it
>when there was plenty of documentation to afix the blame on him.  The
>evidence is that some of the early European rulers ruled with an iron
>fist much like Stalin's.  You threw in numbers, and I am sick of hearing
>about Stalin as an example because the example doesn't apply.  You
>managed to get me angry with your post because it appeared to attack
>all forms of atheism.

It might have appeared to attack atheism in general, but its point was
that mass killing happens for all sorts of reasons.  People will hate who
they will and will wave whatever flag to justify it, be it cross or
hammer&sickle.  The Stalin example _is_ important not only because it's
still a widely unappreciated era that people want to forget but also
because people really did love him and his ideas, even after all that he
had wrought.

>The evidence I am referring to is more a lack of evidence than negative
>evidence.  Say I claim there are no pink crows.  I have never seen
>a pink crow, but that doesn't mean it couldn't exist.  But, this person
>here claims that there are pink crows, even though he admits he hasn't
>been able to capture one or get a photo, or find one with me etc.
>In a sense that is evidence to not believe in the existence of pink crows.
>That is what I am saying when I look at the evidence.  I look at the
>suppossed evidence for a deity, show how it is flawed, and doesn't show
>what theists want it to show, and go on.

First, all the pink crows/unicorns/elves arguments in the world will not
sway most people, for they simply do not accept the analogy.  Why?

One of the big reasons is that many, many people want something
beyond this life.  You can pretend that they don't want this, but I for
one can accept it and even want it myself sometimes.

And there is nothing unique in this example of why people want a God.
Can love as a truth be proven, logically?

>>themselves, namely, a god or gods.  So in principle it's hard to see how
>>theists are necessarily arrogant.

>Makes no sense to me.  They seem arrogant to make such a claim to me.
>But my previous refutation still stands, and I believe there may be
>another one on the net.

John the Baptist boasted of Jesus to many people.  I find it hard to see
how that behavior is arrogant at all.  Many Christians I know also boast
in this way, but I still do not necessarily see it as arrogance.  Of course,
I do know arrogant Christians, doctors, and teachers as well.  Technically,
you might consider the person who originally made a given claim to be arrogant,
Jesus, for instance.

>Are you talking about all atheism or just strong atheism?  If you are
>talking about weak atheism which I believe in, then I refuse such a claim.
>Atheism is a lack of belief.  I used good ol' Occam's Razor to make the
>final rejection of a deity, in that, as I see things, even if I
>present the hypothesises in an equal fasion, I find the theist argument
>not plausible.

I speak against strong atheism.  I also often find that the evidence
supporting a faith is very subjective, just as, say, the evidence supporting
love as truth is subjective.

>I believe I answered that.  I apologize for the (as you stated) incorrect
>assumption on your theism, but I saw nothing to indicate that you
>were an agnostic, only that you were just another newbie Christian
>on the net trying to get some cheap shots in.

No apology necessary.  :)
--
Bake Timmons, III

-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53353
From: geoff@poori.East.Sun.COM (Geoff Arnold @ Sun BOS - R.H. coast near the top)
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Ve

In article 1r1cl7INNknk@bozo.dsinc.com, perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:
>Anyway, since I seem to be the only one following this particular line
>of discussion, I wonder how many of the rest of the readership have
>read this book?  What are your thoughts on it?  

I read it. I found it wonderful. For some reason (no flames,
please), I was reminded of Hemingway, Carl Orff and Van Gogh (not
all at once, though).

---
Geoff Arnold, PC-NFS architect, Sun Select. (geoff.arnold@East.Sun.COM)
--------------------------------------------------+-------------------
"What if they made the whole thing up?            | "The Great Lie" by
 Four guys, two thousand years ago, over wine..." |    The Tear Garden


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53355
From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

[reply to frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)]
 
>>The problem for the objectivist is to determine the status of moral
>>truths and the method by which they can be established.  If we accept
>>that such judgements are not reports of what is but only relate to
>>what ought to be (see naturalistic fallacy) then they cannot be proved
>>by any facts about the nature of the world.
 
>This can be avoided in at least two ways: (1) By leaving the Good
>undefined, since anyone who claims that they do not know what it is is
>either lying or so out of touch with humanity as to be undeserving of a
>reply.
 
If the Good is undefined (undefinable?) but you require of everyone that
they know innately what is right, you are back to subjectivism.
 
>(2) By defining the Good solely in terms of evaluative terms.
 
Ditto here.  An evaluative statement implies a value judgement on the
part of the person making it.
 
>>At this point the objectivist may talk of 'self-evident truths'
 
Pretty perceptive, that Prof. Flew.
 
>>but can he deny the subjectivist's claim that self-evidence is in the
>>mind of the beholder?
 
>Of course; by denying that subject/object is true dichotomy.
 
Please explain how this helps.  I don't see your argument.
 
>>If not, what is left of the claim that some moral judgements are true?
 
>If nothing, then NO moral judgements are true.  This is a thing that
>is commonly referred to as nihilism.  It entails that science is of
>no value, irrepective of the fact that some people find it useful.  How
>anyone arrives at relativism/subjectivism from this argument beats me.
 
This makes no sense either.  Flew is arguing that this is where the
objectivist winds up, not the subjectivist.  Furthermore, the nihilists
believed in nothing *except* science, materialism, revolution, and the
People.
 
>>The subjectivist may well feel that all that remains is that there are
>>some moral judgements with which he would wish to associate himself.
>>To hold a moral opinion is, he suggests, not to know something to be
>>true but to have preferences regarding human activity."
 
>And if those preferences should include terrorism, that moral opinion
>is not true.  Likewise, if the preferences should include noTerrorism,
>that moral opinion is not true.  Why should one choose a set of
>preferences which include terrorisim over one which includes
>noTerrorism?  Oh, no reason.  This is patently absurd....
 
And also not the position of the subjectivist, as has been pointed out
to you already by others.  Ditch the strawman, already, and see my reply
to Mike Cobb's root message in the thread Societal Basis for Morality.
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53356
From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: He has risen!

[reply to kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)]
 
>Our Lord and Savior David Keresh has risen!
 
>He has been seen alive!
 
>Spread the word!
 
Jeez, can't he get anything straight.  I told him to wait for three
days.
 
GOD
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53357
From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: College atheists

I read an article about a poll done of students at the Ivy League
schools in which it was reported that a third of the students
indentified themselves as atheists.  This is a lot higher than among the
general population.  I wonder what the reasons for this discrepancy are?
Is it because they are more intelligent?  Younger?  Is this the wave of
the future?
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53358
From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

[reply to timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons]
 
>...the same kind of ignorance is demonstrated in just about every post
>in this newsgroup.  For instance, generalizations about Christianity
>are popular.
 
Which newsgroup have you been reading?  The few anti-Christian posts are
virtually all in response to some Christian posting some "YOU WILL ALL
BURN IN HELL" kind of drivel.
 
>I'm a soft atheist (courtesy of the FAQ), but even I know enough about
>the Bible to see that it repeatedly warns of false prophets preaching
>in the name of God.
 
Bake, it is transparently obvious that you are a theist pretending to be
an atheist.  You probably think you are very clever, but we see this all
the time.
 
>But the possibilities of creator and eternity carry with them too much
>emotional power to dismiss merely on the basis of this line.
 
But of course *you* have dismissed them because you are an atheist,
right?
 
>...just like any other religion, hard atheism is a faith.
 
In other words, you *didn't* read the FAQ after all.
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53359
From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: What's a shit shoveler to do? (was Re: Amusing atheists and)

[reply to jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan)]
 
>So, what's someone with a prediliction to shit-shoveling to do when the
>latest "I know what you atheists are about" arrival on a.a. shows up?
>Ignore the Bills, Bobbys, Bakes?  Try to engage in reasonable discourse?
>While flame-fests have been among some of the most entertaining threads
>here, other tugs-of-war with folks like Bobby have grown old before
>their time.
 
I take the view that they are here for our entertainment.  When they are
no longer entertaining, into the kill file they go.
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53361
From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu ("Half" Bake Timmons) writes: >
Maddi: >>

>>Whirr click whirr...Frank O'Dwyer might also be contained
>>in that shell...pop stack to determine...whirr...click..whirr
>
>>"Killfile" Keith Allen Schneider = Frank "Closet Theist" O'Dwyer = ...

>= Maddi "The Mad Sound-O-Geek" Hausmann

No, no, no!  I've already been named by "Killfile" Keith.
My nickname is Maddi "Never a Useful Post" Hausmann, and
don't you DARE forget it, "Half".

>-- "...there's nothing higher, stronger, more wholesome and more useful in life
>than some good memory..." -- Alyosha in Brothers Karamazov (Dostoevsky)

You really should quote Ivan Karamazov instead(on a.a), as he was
the atheist.

-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53362
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Athei

>DATE:   Tue, 20 Apr 1993 10:48:19 +0100
>FROM:   mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
>
>
>There's a great film called "Manufacturing Consent: Noam Chomsky and the
>Media".  It's a Canadian film; I saw it at the Berlin Film Festival this
>year.  If you get a chance, go and see it.
>
>I can't really recommend any books from having read them...  I'm thinking of
>ordering a book which a reviewer claimed gives a good introduction to his
>political activism.  I could dig up the title.
>
>mathew

Could it be _The Chomsky Reader_ edited by James Peck, published by Pantheon?



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53363
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

>DATE:   20 Apr 93 05:23:15 GMT
>FROM:   Bake Timmons <timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu>
>
>>Remember, Koresh "dried" for your sins.
>>
>>And pass that beef jerky.  Umm Umm.
>
>Though I wasn't there, at least I can rely on you now to keep me posted on what
>what he's doing.
>

What
A 
Cook
Off !



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53364
From: ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au (Jeffrey Clark)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:

>Merely a question for the basis of morality

>Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.

>1)Who is society

Society is the collection of individuals which will fall under self-defined
rules.  In terms of UN decisions all the sets of peoples who are represented
at the UN are considered part of that society. If we then look at US federal
laws provided by representatives of purely US citizens then the society for
that case would be the citizens of the US and so on.

>2)How do "they" define what is acceptable?

"Acceptable" are those behaviours which are either legislated for the
society by representatives of that society or those behaviours which are
non-verbally and, in effect, non-consciously, such as picking your nose on
the Oprah Winfrey show, no-one does it, but there is no explicit law against
doing it. In many cases there are is no definition of whether or not a
behaviour is "acceptable", but one can deduce these behaviours by
observation.


>3)How do we keep from a "whatever is legal is what is "moral" "position?

In an increasingly litigation mad society, this trap is becoming exceedingly
difficult to avoid. With the infusion and strengthening of ethnic cultures
in American (and Australian, to bring in my local perspective) culture the
boundaries of acceptable behaviour are ever widening and legislation may
eventually become the definition of moral behaviour. For instance, some
cultures' dominant religion call for live sacrifice of domesticated animals.
Most fundamental christians would find this practice abhorrent. However, is
it moral, according to the multicultural american society? This kind of
problem may only be definable by legislation. 

Obviously within any society there will be differences in opinion in what is
acceptable behaviour or not, and much of this will be due to different
environmental circumstances rather than merely different opinions.  

One thing is for sure, there is no universal moral code which will suit all
cultures in all situations.  There may, however, be some globally accepted
mores which can be agreed upon and instantiated as a globally enforcable
concept. The majority of mores will not be common until all peoples upon
this earth are living in a similar environment (if that ever happens).

Jeff 'Nonickname' Clark.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53365
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: You will all go to hell.

In article <1993Apr20.103345.2651@nuscc.nus.sg> cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes:
>From: cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan)
>Subject: Re: You will all go to hell.
>Date: Tue, 20 Apr 1993 10:33:45 GMT
>In article <93106.155002JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu> <JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu>  
>writes:
>> YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN 
>> GOD!!!!  BE PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>
>Arrgg!!  *Another* one of those?!
>Another letter to the Big Guy:
>
>Dear God,
>
>Please take them back to Heaven & leave us rational, intelligent
>people alone.
>
>Love,
>Meng
>
>
>--
>
>The UnEnlightened One
>------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
>                  | 
>Tan Chade Meng    | There is light at the end of the tunnel ...... 
>Singapore         | 
>cmtan@iss.nus.sg  | It's an on-coming train. 
>                  | 
>------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
>
>
Meng,

I have a better prayer:

Dear God,

     Please save the world from the likes of these!!!

Tammy

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53366
From: spbach@lerc.nasa.gov (James Felder)
Subject: Re: "So help you God" in court?

In article 013423TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu, Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
->In article <1993Apr9.151914.1885@daffy.cs.wisc.edu>, mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu
->(Mark McCullough) says:
->>
->>In article <monack.733980580@helium> monack@helium.gas.uug.arizona.edu (david
->>n->>monack) writes:
->>>Another issue is that by having to request to not be required to
->>>recite the "so help me God" part of the oath, a theistic jury may be
->>>prejudiced against your testimony even though atheism is probably not
->>>at all relevant to the case.
->>>
->>>What is the recommended procedure for requesting an alternate oath or
->>>affirmation?
->>>
->>>Dave

Sorry for using a follow-up to respond, but my server dropped about a weeks worth of news
when it couldn't keep up.

When the you are asked to swear "So help you god" and you have to say it, ask which one; Jesus,
Allah, Vishnu, Zues, Odin.  Get them to be specific.   Don't be obnoxious, just humbly ask, then 
quitely sit back and watch the fun.

---

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
James L. Felder			|
Sverdrup Technology,Inc.	|     phone: 216-891-4019
NASA Lewis Research Center     	|    
Cleveland, Ohio  44135         	|     email: jfelder@lerc.nasa.gov 
"Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, other people gargle"
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------




Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53370
From: cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <healta.145.734928689@saturn.wwc.edu>, healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:
[deletia wrt pathetic Jee-zus posting by Bissel] 
> I hope you're not going to flame him.  Please give him the same coutesy you'
> ve given me.

NO. He hasn't extended to US the courtesy you've shown us, so he don't get no
pie. Tammy, I respect your beliefs because you don't try to stamp them into
my being. I have scorn for posters whose sole purpose appears to be to
evangelize.
 
> 
> Tammy

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53371
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Who Says the Apostles Were Tortured?

The traditions of the church hold that all the "apostles" (meaning the 11
surviving disciples, Matthias, Barnabas and Paul) were martyred, except for
John.  "Tradition" should be understood to read "early church writings other
than the bible and heteroorthodox scriptures".
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53373
From: spbach@lerc.nasa.gov (James Felder)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article 734849678@saturn.wwc.edu, bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:
->	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
->makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
->lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
->writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
->in the process he became a Christian himself.

Sounds like you are saying he was a part of some conspiracy.  Just what organization did he 
belong to? Does it have a name?

->	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
->modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.

Logic alert - artificial trifercation.  The are many other possible explainations.  Could have been
that he never existed.  There have been some good points made in this group that is not 
impossible  that JC is an amalgam of a number of different myths, Mithra comes to mind.

->	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
->die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 
->gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
->someone who was or had been healed.  Call me a fool, but I believe he did 
->heal people.  


Logic alert -  argument from incredulity.  Just because it is hard for you to believe this doesn't
mean that it isn't true.  Liars can be very pursuasive, just look at Koresh that you yourself site.
He has followers that don't think he is a fake and they have shown that they are willing to die.
By not giving up after getting shot himself, Koresh has shown that he too is will to die for what 
he believes.  As far as healing goes.  If I rememer right the healing that was attributed is not
consistent between the different gospels.  In one of them the healing that is done is not any more 
that faith healers can pull off today.  Seems to me that the early gospels weren't that compeling,
so the stories got bigger to appeal better.

->	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
->to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
->anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
->this right away.
->	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
->real thing.  


Or might not have existed, or any number of things.  That is the logical pitfall that those who
use flawed logic like this fall into.  There are bifurcations (or tri, quad, etc) that are valid, because
in the proceeding steps, the person shows conclusively that the alternatives are all that are 
possible.  Once everyone agrees that the given set is indeed all there are, then arguments among
the alternatives can be presentent, and one mostly likely to be true can be deduced by excluding
all other possible alternatives.

However, if it can be shown that the set is not all inclusive, then any conclusions bases on the 
incomplete set are invalid, even if the true choice is one of the original choices.  I have given at 
least one valid alternative, so the conclusion that JC is the real McCoy just because he isn't one of
the other two alternative is no longer valid.

->	Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
->the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.  This in his betrayal 
->and Crucifixion.  I don't have my Bible with me at this moment, next time I 
->write I will use it.

JC was a rabbi.  He knew what those prophecies were.  It wouldn't be any great shakes to make
sure one does a list of actions that would fullfill prophecy.  What would be compeling is if there
were a set of clear and explicit prophecies AND JC had absolutely NO knowledge of then,  yet 
fullfilled them anyway.

->	I don't think most people understand what a Christian is.  It 
->is certainly not what I see a lot in churches.  Rather I think it 
->should be a way of life, and a total sacrafice of everything for God's 
->sake.  He loved us enough to die and save us so we should do the 
->same.  Hey we can't do it, God himself inspires us to turn our lives 
->over to him.  That's tuff and most people don't want to do it, to be a 
->real Christian would be something for the strong to persevere at.  But 
->just like weight lifting or guitar playing, drums, whatever it takes 
->time.  We don't rush it in one day, Christianity is your whole life.  
->It is not going to church once a week, or helping poor people once in 
->a while.  We box everything into time units.  Such as work at this 
->time, sports, Tv, social life.  God is above these boxes and should be 
->carried with us into all these boxes that we have created for 
->ourselves.  

Here I agree with you.  Anyone who buys into this load of mythology should take what it says 
seriously, and what it says is that it must be a total way of life.  I have very little respect for 
Xians that don't.  If the myth is true, then it is true in its entirity.  The picking and choosing
that I see a lot of leaves a bad taste in my mouth.

Jim	  




---

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
James L. Felder			|
Sverdrup Technology,Inc.	|     phone: 216-891-4019
NASA Lewis Research Center     	|    
Cleveland, Ohio  44135         	|     email: jfelder@lerc.nasa.gov 
"Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, other people gargle"
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------




Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53374
From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

>>>>> On Fri, 16 Apr 1993 02:51:29 GMT, healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) said:
TRH> I hope you're not going to flame him.  Please give him the same coutesy you'
TRH> ve given me.

But you have been courteous and therefore received courtesy in return.  This
person instead has posted one of the worst arguments I have ever seen
made from the pro-Christian people.  I've known several Jesuits who would
laugh in his face if he presented such an argument to them.

Let's ignore the fact that it's not a true trilemma for the moment (nice
word Maddi, original or is it a real word?) and concentrate on the
liar, lunatic part.

The argument claims that no one would follow a liar, let alone thousands
of people.  Look at L. Ron Hubbard.  Now, he was probably not all there,
but I think he was mostly a liar and a con-artist.  But look at how many
thousands of people follow Dianetics and Scientology.  I think the 
Baker's and Swaggert along with several other televangelists lie all
the time, but look at the number of follower they have.

As for lunatics, the best example is Hitler.  He was obviously insane,
his advisors certainly thought so.  Yet he had a whole country entralled
and came close to ruling all of Europe.  How many Germans gave their lives
for him?  To this day he has his followers.

I'm just amazed that people still try to use this argument.  It's just
so obviously *wrong*.
















--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53375
From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

>>>>> On 16 Apr 93 05:10:18 GMT, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) said:

RB> In article <ofnWyG600WB699voA=@andrew.cmu.edu> pl1u+@andrew.cmu.edu (Patrick C Leger) writes:
>EVER HEAR OF
>BAPTISM AT BIRTH?  If that isn't preying on the young, I don't know what
>is...
>
RB>   
RB>   No, that's praying on the young.  Preying on the young comes
RB>   later, when the bright eyed little altar boy finds out what the
RB>   priest really wears under that chasible.

The same thing Scotsmen where under there kilt.

I'll never forget the day when I was about tweleve and accidently
walked in on a roomfull of priests sitting around in their underware
drinking beer and watching football.  

Kind of changed my opinion a bit.  They didn't seem so menacing after
that.


--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53376
From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: Victims of various 'Good Fight's

>>>>> On 12 Apr 93 21:36:33 +0930, 9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au (The Desert Brat) said:

TDB> 12. Disease introduced to Brazilian * oher S.Am. tribes: x million

To be fair, this was going to happen eventually.  Given time, the Americans
would have reached Europe on their own and the same thing would have 
happened.  It was just a matter of who got together first.

--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53377
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
> In article <1993Apr15.125245.12872@abo.fi> MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats
> Andtbacka) writes:
> |      "And these objective values are ... ?"
> |Please be specific, and more importantly, motivate.
> 
> I'll take a wild guess and say Freedom is objectively valuable.

Yes, but whose freedom?  The world in general doesn't seem to value the
freedom of Tibetans, for example.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53380
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: KORESH IS GOD!

The latest news seems to be that Koresh will give himself up once he's
finished writing a sequel to the Bible.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53381
From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

a> In article <1qi156INNf9n@senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU>, tcbruno@athena.mit.edu (Tom Bruno) writes:
> 
..stuff deleted...
> 
> Which brings me to the point of my posting.  How many people out there have 
> been around alt.atheism since 1990?  I've done my damnedest to stay on top of
...more stuff deleted...

Hmm, USENET got it's collective hooks into me around 1987 or so right after I
switched to engineering.  I'd say I started reading alt.atheism around 1988-89.
I've probably not posted more than 50 messages in the time since then though.
I'll never understand how people can find the time to write so much.  I
can barely keep up as it is.

--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53382
From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

[reply to frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)]
 
>>I'm one of those people who does not know what the word objective means
>>when put next to the word morality.  I assume its an idiom and cannot
>>be defined by its separate terms.
 
>>Give it a try.
 
>Objective morality is morality built from objective values.
 
From A Dictionary of Philosophy, by Anthony Flew:
 
"Objectivism:  The belief that there are certain moral truths that would
remain true whatever anyone or everyone thought or desired.  For
instance, 'No one should ever deliberately inflict pain on another
simply to take pleasure in his suffering' might be thought of as a
plausible example.  Even in a world of sadists who all rejected it, the
contention remains true, just as '5 + 7 = 12' remains correct even if
there is no one left to count.  The problem for the objectivist is to
determine the status of moral truths and the method by which they can be
established.  If we accept that such judgements are not reports of what
is but only relate to what ought to be (see naturalistic fallacy) then
they cannot be proved by any facts about the nature of the world.  Nor
can they be analytic, since this would involve lack of action-guiding
content;  'One ought always to do the right thing' is plainly true in
virtue of the vords involved but it is unhelpful as a practical guide to
action (see analytic and synthetic).  At this point the objectivist may
talk of 'self-evident truths', but can he deny the subjectivist's claim
that self-evidence is in the mind of the beholder?  If not, what is left
of the claim that some moral judgements are true?  THe subjectivist may
well feel that all that remains is that there are some moral judgements
with which he would wish to associate himself.  To hold a moral opinion
is, he suggests, not to know something to be true but to have
preferences regarding human activity."
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53383
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <1993Apr15.135650.28926@st-andrews.ac.uk> nrp@st-andrews.ac.uk (Norman R. Paterson) writes:

>I don't think you're right about Germany.  My daughter was born there and
>I don't think she has any German rights eg to vote or live there (beyond the
>rights of all EC citizens).  She is a British citizen by virtue of
>her parentage, but that's not "full" citizenship.  For example, I don't think
>her children could be British by virtue of her in the same way.

I am fairly sure that she could obtain citizenship by making an
application for it. It might require immigration to Germany, but
I am almost certain that once applied for citizenship is inevitable
in this case.

>More interesting is your sentence, 

>>In fact, many people try to come to the US to have their children
>>born here so that they will have some human rights.

>How does the US compare to an Islamic country in this respect?  Do people
>go to Iran so their children will have some human rights?  Would you?

More interesting only for your propaganda purposes. I have said several
times now that I don't consider Iran particularly exemplary as a good
Islamic state. We might talk about the rights of people in "capitalist
secular" third world countries to give other examples of the lack of
rights in third world countries broadly. Say, for example, Central
American secular capitalist countries whose govt's the US supports
but who Amnesty International has pointed out are human rights vacua.


Gregg





Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53387
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <11825@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:

>In article <C5Jxru.2t8@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
Cobb) writes:
>>What do you base your belief on atheism on?  Your knowledge and reasoning? 
>>COuldn't that be wrong?
>>

>  Actually, my atheism is based on ignorance.  Ignorance of the
>  existence of any god.  Don't fall into the "atheists don't believe
>  because of their pride" mistake.

How do you know it's based on ignorance, couldn't that be wrong? Why would it
be wrong 
to fall into the trap that you mentioned? 

Also, if I may, what the heck where we talking about and why didn't I keep 
some comments on there to see what the line of thoughts were?

MAC
 


>/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

>Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

>They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
>and sank Manhattan out at sea.

>^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar deficits.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53389
From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: KORESH IS GOD!

>>>>> On Fri, 16 Apr 1993 14:15:20 +0100, mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> said:

m> The latest news seems to be that Koresh will give himself up once he's
m> finished writing a sequel to the Bible.

Also, it's the 16th now.  Can the Feds get him on tax evasion?  I don't
remember hearing about him running to the Post Office last night.

--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53390
From: mcgoy@unicorn.acs.ttu.edu (David McGaughey)
Subject: Re: THE POPE IS JEWISH!

west@next02cville.wam.umd.edu (Stilgar) writes:
> THE POPE IS JEWISH

I always thought that the Pope was a bear.

You know, because of that little saying:

Does a bear shit in the woods?
Is the Pope Catholic?

There MUST be SOME connection between those two lines!


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53391
From: kellyb@ccsua.ctstateu.edu
Subject: Re: Bible Quiz

In article <kmr4.1563.734805744@po.CWRU.edu>, kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
> In article <1qgbmt$c4f@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> cr866@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Frank D. Kirschner) writes:
> 
>> ---
> 
>    Only when the Sun starts to orbit the Earth will I accept the Bible. 
>         
> 
     Since when does atheism mean trashing other religions?There must be a God
     of inbreeding to which you are his only son.

                                                  Pope John Paul

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53393
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <C5s9zM.9E0@cbnewsj.cb.att.com> decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz) writes:
>From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
>Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!
>Date: Tue, 20 Apr 1993 13:11:38 GMT
>In article <C5LH4p.27K@portal.hq.videocart.com>, dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
>> JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu () writes:
>> : YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
>> : PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>> 
>>   What do you mean "be prepared" ?? Surrounded by thumpers like yourself
>> has proven to be hellish enough . . . and I'm not even dead yet !!
>
>Well here's how I prepared.  I got one of those big beach
>umbrellas, some of those gel-pack ice things, a big Coleman cooler
>which I've loaded up with Miller Draft (so I like Miller Draft,
>so sue me), a new pair of New Balance sneakers, a Sony
>Watchman, and a couple of cartons of BonTon Cheddar Cheese
>Popcorn.
>
>I haven't decided what to wear yet.  What does one wear to an
>eternal damnation?
>
>Dean Kaflowitz
>
You should wear your nicest boxer shorts and bring plenty of SPF 45+ 
sunscreen.  I'll grab my bathing suit, towerl and some veggie hotdogs and we 
can have bonfire cookout!!
Does that sound good enough to you, Dean?
EVERY a.a poster is invited!!!

Tammy "No-trim" Healy

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53394
From: David O Hunt <bluelobster+@CMU.EDU>
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
>Actually, it was the fact that both situations existed that prompted US
>and allied action.  If some back-water country took over some other
>back-water country, we probably wouldn't intervene.  Not that we don't
>care, but we can't be the world's policman.  Or if a coup had occured
>in Kuwait (instead of an invasion), then we still wouldn't have acted
>because there would not have been the imminent danger perceived to
>Saudi Arabia.  But the combination of the two, an unprovoked invasion
>by a genocidal tyrant AND the potential danger to the West's oil 
>interests, caused us to take action.

There are many indications that would have taken place had Saddam
been wanting or planning on going into Saudi Arabia.  There were
none.  This has been openly stated by ex-Pentagon analysts.  Pull.

From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
>I'm not setting up a strawman at all.  If you want to argue against the
>war, then the only logical alternative was to allow Hussein to keep
>Kuwait.  Diplomatic alternatives, including sanctions, were ineffective.

Actually, reports from other mid-east countries showed that Hussein
was ready to make concessions due to the sanctions.  We just didn't want
him to - we wanted to crush him, as well as battle-test all these high
tech toys we've built over the years.

From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
>Probably because we're not the saviors of the world.  We can't police each
>and every country that decides to self-destruct or invade another.  Nor
>are we in a strategic position to get relief to Tibet, East Timor, or
>some other places.

We're also hypocrites of the first magnitude.  Obviously, we don't give
a shit about freedom and democracy.  All we care about is our oil.  Oh,
and the excuse, now that the Soviets are gone from the board, to keep
a sizable military presence in the gulf region.  Care to make bets about
when ALL our troops will come home?

Basically, Saddam was OK with us.  He was a killer, who tortured his
own people, used gas on them, and other horrors - he was a brutal
dictator, but he was OUR brutal dictator.  Once he said "fuck you" to
the US, he became the next Hitler.  The same for Noriega.  He was a
bastard, but he was OUR bastard...until he changed his mind and went
his own way.  Then we had to get rid of him.



David Hunt - Graduate Slave |     My mind is my own.      | Towards both a
Mechanical Engineering      | So are my ideas & opinions. | Palestinian and
Carnegie Mellon University  | <<<Use Golden Rule v2.0>>>  | Jewish homeland!
====T=H=E=R=E===I=S===N=O===G=O=D=========T=H=E=R=E===I=S===N=O===G=O=D=====
Email:  bluelobster+@cmu.edu    Working towards my "Piled Higher and Deeper"

It will be a great day when scientists and engineers have all the R&D money
they need and religions have to beg for money to pay the priest.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53396
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In article <C5s9tv.10H@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
> In <1qvh8tINNsg6@citation.ksu.ksu.edu> yohan@citation.ksu.ksu.edu (Jonathan W 
> Newton) writes:
> 
> 
>>In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
> Cobb) writes:
>>>Merely a question for the basis of morality
>>>
>>>Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.
> 
>>I disagree with these.  What society thinks should be irrelevant.  What the
>>individual decides is all that is important.
> 
> This doesn't seem right.  If I want to kill you, I can because that is what I
> decide?

Exactly.  Although this may be a dissapointing answer, there has to be an
interplay of the two.  Personal Ethos and Societal Morality.  A person's
self-generated/learned set of beliefs are usually expressed on a purely
mental/verbal level, and don't usually find expression in society except in an
impure (not in the sense of bad :) ) state.  Sometimes this has to be so.

>>>
>>>1)Who is society
> 
>>I think this is fairly obvious
> 
> Not really.  If whatever a particular society mandates as ok is ok, there are
> always some in the "society" who disagree with the mandates, so which 
> societal mandates make the standard for morality?

Also, what if one feels oneself to be part of more than one society, in a very
real sense?  To use the obvious example, there is a political society, and a
racial society, and a gender society, and sometimes they do not always agree on
every issue...

>  >>
>>>2)How do "they" define what is acceptable?
> 
>>Generally by what they "feel" is right, which is the most idiotic policy I can
>>think of.
> 
> So what should be the basis? Unfortunately I have to admit to being tied at 
> least loosely to the "feeling", in that I think we intuitively know some things
> to be wrong.  Awfully hard to defend, though.


Yes.  Perhaps with an infamous "do what you want so long as it doesn't hurt
others?"  The problem with this is that it is merely saying what you CAN do: it
is not a morality in that it doesn't propound any specifically preferred
behaviours.

>>>
>>>3)How do we keep from a "whatever is legal is what is "moral" "position?
> 
>>By thinking for ourselves.
> 
> I might agree here.  Just because certain actions are legal does not make them
> "moral".

I'll add a hearty "me two".  However, one could just as well say just because
certain actions are moral does not make them legal: one still doesn't really
get an impression of which one is truly "right".


>>>
>>>MAC
>>>--
>>>****************************************************************
>>>                                                    Michael A. Cobb
>>> "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
>>>    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
>>>          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
>>>                                              
>>>With new taxes and spending cuts we'll still have 310 billion dollar 
> deficits.
> 
> --
> ****************************************************************
>                                                     Michael A. Cobb
>  "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
>     class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
>           -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
>                                               
> Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton


best regards,

********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
* (612) 696-7521		   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53397
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In article <C5sA29.14s@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
> I guess I'm delving into a religious language area.  What exactly is morality 
> or morals?  

I hope there is not one- with a subject like this you just have a spiral.  What
would then be a morality of a morality of morals.  Labels don't make arguments. 
One really needs a solid measuring stick by which most actions can be
interpreted, even though this would hardly seem moral.  For example "The best
thing for me is to ensure that I will eat and drink enough.  Hence all actions
must be weighed against this one statement."  whatever helps this goal is
"moral", whatever does not is "immoral"

Of course this leads such a blank space: there are so many different ways to
fulfill a goal, one would need a "hyper-morality" to apply to just the methods.

>I never thought of eating meat to be moral or immoral, but I think
> it could be.  How do we differentiate between not doing something because it is
> a personal choice or preference and not doing something because we see it as 
> immoral?  Do we fall to what the basis of these morals are?

Seems to me we only consider something moral or immoral if we stop to think
about it long enough  :)  On the other hand, maybe it is our first gut
reaction...  Which?  Who knows: perhaps here we have a way to discriminate
morals.  I don't instinctively thing vegetarianism is right (the same way I
instinctively feel torture is wrong), but if I thought about it long enough and
listened to the arguments, I could perhaps reason that it was wrong (is that
possible!?  :) )  See the difference?

> 
> Also, consensus positions fall to a might makes right.  Or, as you brought out,
> if whatever is right is what is societally mandated then whoever is in control
> at the time makes what is right
> 
> MC
> MAC
> --
> ****************************************************************
>                                                     Michael A. Cobb
>  "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
>     class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
>           -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
>                                               
> Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton
-- 


best regards,

--Adam

********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
* (612) 696-7521		   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53398
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: Societal basis for morality

In article <C5sAD7.1DM@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
> In <1993Apr20.004119.6119@cnsvax.uwec.edu> nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye) 
> writes:
> 
>>[reply to cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)]
>> 
>>>If morals come from what is societally accepted, why follow that? What
>>>right do we have to expect others to follow our notion of societally
>>>mandated morality?  Pardon the extremism, but couldn't I murder your
>>>"brother" and say that I was exercising my rights as I saw them, was
>>>doing what felt good, didn't want anyone forcing their morality on me,
>>>or I don't follow your "morality" ?
>> 
>>I believe that morality is subjective.  Each person is entitled to his
>>own moral attitudes.  Mine are not a priori more correct than someone
>>elses.  This does not mean however that I must judge another on the
>>basis of his rather than my moral standards.  While he is entitled to
>>believe what his own moral sense tells him, the rest of society is
>>entitled to pass laws spelling out punishments for behavior that is
>>offensive to the majority.
> 
> Why? How? Might makes right? How can they force their morality on me? Why 
> can't I do what I want? Who are they to decide? What if I disagree? 


Well I agree with you in the sense that they have no "moral" right to inflict
these rules, but there is one thing I might add: at the very least, almost
everybody wants to avoid pain, and if that means sacrificing some stuff for a
herd morality, then so be it.  

>> 
>>Most criminals do not see their behavior as moral.  The may realize that
>>it is immoral and not care.  They are thus not following their own moral
>>system but being immoral.
> 
> Good point, but it is being immoral in our opinion.  We don't let them choose,
> we make the decision that their actions are wrong for them.

Right, and since they grew up and learned around us, they have some idea of our
right and wrong, which I think must, in part, be incorporated.  Very rarely do
you see criminal behaviour for "philosophical reasons"


> 
>   For someone to lay claim to an alternative
>>moral system, he must be sincere in his belief in it and it must be
>>internally consistent.  Some sociopaths lack an innate moral sense
> 
> I admit to lean toward the idea of an innate moral sense, but have little basis
> for it as of yet.  How far can such a concept be extended?
> 

(stuff deleted)

> Do you mean that we could say it would be wrong for us to do such a thing but 
> not him.  After all, he was behaving morally in his own eyes and doing what he
> chose.  On what basis do we condemn other societies besides, here's the buzz 
> words, on the idea that there are some actions wrong for all humans in all 
> societies?
> 
>>   Holding that morality is subjective does not mean
>>that we must excuse the murderer.
> 
> Why not? Do we have to be objective suddenly?
>> 
>>David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
>>This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
>>must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell
> 
> MAC
> --
> ****************************************************************
>                                                     Michael A. Cobb
>  "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
>     class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
>           -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
>                                               
> Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton
-- 

best regards,

--Adam

********************************************************************************
* Adam John Cooper		"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings *
* (612) 696-7521		   who thought themselves good simply because  *
* acooper@macalstr.edu				they had no claws."	       *
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53399
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <healta.161.735350336@saturn.wwc.edu> healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:

>You should wear your nicest boxer shorts and bring plenty of SPF 45+ 
>sunscreen.  I'll grab my bathing suit, towerl and some veggie hotdogs and we 
>can have bonfire cookout!!
>Does that sound good enough to you, Dean?
>EVERY a.a poster is invited!!!

	Is there room for nudists? After all, if you believe most upstanding
moral churches, nudity IS a sin...



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
		
		"My sole intention was learning to fly."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53400
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <735295730.25282@minster.york.ac.uk>, cjhs@minster.york.ac.uk writes:
> : Are you saying that their was a physical Adam and Eve, and that all
> : humans are direct decendents of only these two human beings.?  Then who
> : were Cain and Able's wives?  Couldn't be their sisters, because A&E
> : didn't have daughters.  Were they non-humans?
> 
> Genesis 5:4
> 
> and the days of Adam after he begat Seth were eight hundred years, and
> he begat sons and daughters:
> 
> Felicitations -- Chris Ho-Stuart


It is still incestuous.... :)



--Adam "What happened to my sig?"  Cooper

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53401
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: TEST: IGNORE

TEST-- 



================================================================================
| Adam John Cooper	|	"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings |
| (612) 696-7521	|	   who thought themselves good simply because  |
| acooper@macalstr.edu	|			they had no claws."	       |
================================================================================
| "Understand one another?  I fear I am beyond your comprehension." --Gandalf  |
================================================================================

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53402
From: mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and anarchists

In article <timmbake.735294667@mcl> timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
>mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu writes:
>
>>The line about atheists haveing something up their sleeves is what seemed
>>to imply that.  Sorry, been reading too much on the CLIPPER project lately,
>>and the paranoia over there may have seeped in some.
>
>;)  What is the CLIPPER project BTW?

The CLIPPER initiative is an announcement by Clinton that all the 
"secure" voice phones will use the same crypto chip, as a de-facto
government standard.  Problem is, the government is admitting that
they hold the keys to break the code easily, and the Justice department
will be using the keys to listen in on "illegal activities."  Many
people are really scared about such an initiative because it is
a major step towards outlawing real crypto protection on things
like email if you read the press release.  The project was developed
by NSA and given to NIST.  It uses two keys S1 and S2 that the
government claims are needed to break the code.  They claim that
these keys will be handed to two different companies, and when they
get a warrant to do a wiretap (the chip is nicknamed the wiretap chip),
they have to get the keys from both companies.  People have poked holes
through and through the press release official version and shown how
it is nowhere near as nice as it sounds, and I have given the simplified
version.  People over on sci.crypt are really scared about this
proposal it seems.
-- 
***************************************************************************
* mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu * Never program and drink beer at the same *
* M^2                          *  time.  It doesn't work.                 *
***************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53403
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: THE POPE IS JEWISH!

>DATE:   Tue, 20 Apr 1993 18:13:09 GMT
>FROM:   R. Bruce Rakes <bruce@cortex.dixie.com>
>
>mcgoy@unicorn.acs.ttu.edu (David McGaughey) writes:
>
>>I always thought that the Pope was a bear.
>
>>You know, because of that little saying:
>
>>Does a bear shit in the woods?
>>Is the Pope Catholic?
>
>>There MUST be SOME connection between those two lines!
>
>And I always heard it:
>
>Is the bear Catholic?
>Does the pope ????
>
>Oh nevermind!
>-- 
>R. Bruce Rakes, Software Systems Manager
>Elekta Instruments, Inc.  8 Executive Park W, Suite 809, Atlanta, GA 30329
>Voice:(404)315-1225 FAX:(404)315-7850 email: bruce@elekta.com
> 

Anyone from Alabama knows it should be:

Is "The Bear" Catholic?
Does a Pope shit in the woods?

The Pope may not be a bear, but "The Bear" is a god.
(Paul "Bear" Bryant,  Football coach/god,  University of Alabama.)



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53404
From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma


tgk@cs.toronto.edu (Todd Kelley) writes:
>In light of what happened in Waco, I need to get something of my
>chest.
>
>Faith and dogma are dangerous.  
>
>Religion inherently encourages the implementation of faith and dogma, and
>for that reason, I scorn religion.

I don't necessarily disagree with your assertion, but I disagree with
your reasoning.  (Faith = Bad.  Dogma = Bad.  Religion -> (Faith ^ Dogma).
Religion -> (Bad ^ Bad).  Religion -> Bad.)  Unfortunately, you never 
state why faith and dogma are dangerous.  

If you believe faith and dogma are dangerous because of what happened in
Waco, you are missing the point.  

The Branch Davidians made the mistake of confusing the message with the
messenger.  They believed Koresh was a prophet, and therefore believed
everything he said.  The problem wasn't the religion, it was the 
followers.  They didn't die because of faith and dogma, they died because
of their zealotry (or, in the case of the children, the zealotry of their
parents).

>I have expressed this notion in the past.  Some Christians debated
>with me whether Christianity leaves any room for reasoning.  I claimed
>rationality is quelled out of Christianity by faith and dogma.

So Christians are totally irrational?  Irrational with respect to their
religion only?  What are you saying?  One's belief in a Christian God does
not make one totally irrational.  I think I know what you were getting at,
but I'd rather hear you expand on the subject.


>A philosopher cannot be a Christian because a philosopher can change his mind,
>whereas a Christian cannot, due to the nature of faith and dogma present
>in any religion.

Again, this statement is too general.  A Christian is perfectly capable of
being a philosopher, and absolutely capable of changing his/her mind.  Faith in
God is a belief, and all beliefs may change.  Would you assert that atheists
would make poor philosophers because they are predisposed to not believe in a
God which, of course, may show unfair bias when studying, say, religion?




>I claimed that a ``Christian philosopher'' is not a Christian,
>but is a person whose beliefs at the moment correspond with those
>of Christianity. Consider that a person visiting or guarding a prison
>is not a prisoner, unless you define a prisoner simply to be someone
>in a prison.
>Can we define a prisoner to be someone who at the moment is in a prison?
>Can we define a Christian to be someone who at the moment has Christian
>beliefs?  No, because if a person is free to go, he is not a prisoner.
>Similarly, if a person is not constrained by faith and dogma, he is not
>a Christian.

So, Christianity is a prison, eh?  Ever heard of parole?  You have read far
too much into this subject.  A Christian is one who follows the religion
based on the teachings of a man named Jesus Christ.  Nowhere does this
definition imply that one cannot change one's mind.  In prison, however,
you can't just decide to leave.  One is voluntary, the other is not.  The
two are not compatible.


>Religion is like the gun that doesn't kill anybody.  Religion encourages
>faith and dogma and although it doesn't directly condemn people,
>it encourages the use of ``just because'' thinking.  It is
>``just because'' thinking that kills people.

I prefer to think of religion as a water pistol filled with urine. 8^)
Seriously, though, some (but certainly not all) religions do condemn
groups of people.  The common target is the "infidel," a curious being
who is alternately an atheist, a non-<insert specific religious
affiliation here>, a person of a different race, or an Egyptian. 8^)

Please explain how "just because" thinking kills people.  (And please
state more in your answer than "Waco.")


>Of course, not all humans are capable of thought, and we'd still
>have genocide and maybe even some mass suicide...but not as much.
>I'm willing to bet on that.

I'll see your conscientious peacenik and raise you a religious 
zealot with bad acne. 8^)  By the way, I wasn't aware mass suicide
was a problem.  Waco and Jonestown were isolated incidents.  
Mass suicides are far from common.

-- 
---                      __  _______                              ---
||| Kevin Marshall       \ \/ /_  _/  Computer Science Department |||
||| Virginia Tech         \  / / /     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu |||
--- Blacksburg, Virginia   \/ /_/                  (703) 232-6529 ---

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53405
From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Church o' Satan (was Re: islamic authority [sic] over women)

David.Rice@ofa123.fidonet.org writes:
 
>who: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
>what: <1q7kc3$2dj@csugrad.cs.vt.edu>
 
>KM> "Yeah, hilarious. Satanists believe Satan is a god, but not
>KM> the only god. Satan is a part of Christian mythology.
>KM> Therefore, one cannot reasonably worship Satan without
>KM> acknowledging the existence of a Christian god. Satanists
>KM> see Satan as their master, and they see God and Satan as 
>KM> adversaries of similar power. Satanists believe in the
>KM> eventual overthrow of God and a transfer of all power to
>KM> their master. Kevin Marshall"
> 
>A great many Satanists DO NOT believe in Satan. Some do, some
>don't. I'd go so far as to assert that most "orthodox" Satanists
>do not worship Satan (Church of Satan, etc.) but rather "worship"
>self. To hear LaVey say it, only idiots and fools believe in Satan
>and or Allah. He knew that suckers are born every minute.
>
>--- Maximus 2.01wb

Anton LaVey's interpretation of Satanism has always puzzled me.  I
read his "Satanic Bible" a few years ago for a social studies project,
as well as a book by Arthur Lyons called "The Cult of Devil Worship
in America."  The latter included a very interesting interview with
the Black Pope in which he did indeed say that Satan was merely an
instrument for one to realize the self.  

When I refer to Satanism, I am referring to the mishmash of rural Satanic
ritualism and witchcraft which existed before the Church of Satan.  I
don't consider LaVey's church to be at all "orthodox," nor do I consider
its followers "satanists."  LaVey combined the philosophies of Nietzsche,
Crowley, and Reich, slapped in some religious doctrine, added a little
touch of P.T. Barnum, and christened his creation the Church of Satan.
No doubt the title was a calculated attempt to attract attention...I
suppose he could have just as easily called it the Church of Free Sex.

At any rate, it worked (for a while).  In its heyday, the Church had a
huge following, including such Hollywood celebrities as Sammy Davis, Jr.
and Jayne Mansfield.  (I have a picture of LaVey with Sammy, by the 
way.)  

I find the idea of a Satanist not believing in Satan about as credible as
a Christian not believing in Christ.  But if you include the Church of
Satan, then I suppose I need to alter my definition.  Webster's Dictionary
and The American Heritage Dictionary will have to do the same.
-- 
---                      __  _______                              ---
||| Kevin Marshall       \ \/ /_  _/  Computer Science Department |||
||| Virginia Tech         \  / / /     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu |||
--- Blacksburg, Virginia   \/ /_/                  (703) 232-6529 ---

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53406
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?

In article <EDM.93Apr20145436@gocart.twisto.compaq.com> edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary) writes:
>
>While we're on the topic of books, has anyone else noticed that Paine's
>"The Age of Reason" is hard to find.  I've been wanting to pick up
>a copy for a while, but not bad enough to mail order it.  I've noticed
>though that none of the bookstores I go to seem to carry it.  I thought
>this was supposed to be classic.  What's the deal?
>--

  Me too.  Our local used book store is the second largest on the
  West Coast, and I couldn't find a copy there.  I guess atheists
  hold their bibles in as much esteem as the theists.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53408
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

In article <1qu485$58o@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> In article <1qkovl$k@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> #
|> #False dichotomy.  You claimed the killing were *not* religiously
|> #motivated, and I'm saying that's wrong.   I'm not saying that
|> #each and every killing is religiously motivate, as I spelled out
|> #in detail.
|> 
|> Which killings do you say are religously motivated?

For example, I would claim that the recent assassination of four
catholic construction workers who had no connection with the IRA
was probably religously motivated.

|> At the time
|> of writing, I think that someone who claims the current violence is
|> motivated by religion is reaching.

What would you call is when someone writes "The killings in N.I 
are not religously motivated?"

|> Now, it's possible to argue that 
|> religion *in the past* is a major contributing factor to the violence in
|> the present, but I don't know of any evidence that this is so - and I'm
|> not enough of a historian to debate it. 

Given that the avowed aim of the IRA is to take Northern Ireland
into a country that has a particular church written into its 
constitution, and which has restriction on civil rights dictated
by that Church, I fail to see why the word "past" is appropriate.


|> #|> #But to claim that "The killings in N.I are not religously 
|> #|> #motivated." is grotesque.   All that means is that the Church
|> #|> #and believers are doing what they always do with history
|> #|> #they can't face: they rewrite it.
|> #|> 
|> #|> You're attacking a different claim.  My claim is that when an IRA
|> #|> terrorist plants a bomb in Warrington s/he does not have as a motive 
|> #|> the greater glory of God. 
|> #
|> #Sorry, Frank, but what I put in quotes is your own words from your
|> #posting <1qi83b$ec4@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>.  Don't tell us now that 
|> #it's a different claim.   If you can no longer stand behind your 
|> #original claim, just say so.
|> 
|> I mean the same thing when I say "The killings in N.I. are not religously
|> motivated" as I do when I say when a terrorist plants a bomb s/he
|> doesn't have a religious motive.  The example is meant to clarify, not
|> to be a new claim.  The "different claim" to which I refer is the claim
|> which you were seemingly attacking in the previous post, namely that religion 
|> is not a major historical cause of the present violence.  I don't assert 
|> that, nor do I assert its opposite.

You don't have to hand us a bunch of double-talk about what
I was "seemingly" attacking.   I *quoted* what I was attacking.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53409
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <1993Apr19.121340.3133@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
|> In <1qi191$jkj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> My understanding is that UK blasphemy laws (yes, they exist in the UK,
|> although they are little-used) apply only to _Anglican_ Christianity.
|> 
|> How does this fit in with your claim that there is no state religion in 
|> the UK?

Why don't you ask the approx. two million British Muslims who break
it five times a day and have never ever been prosecuted under it?

Then ask how easy it is to hold a Christian church service in Saudi
Arabia.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53410
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?
From: sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed)

In article <1r1cl7INNknk@bozo.dsinc.com> perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:
>Anyway, since I seem to be the only one following this particular line
>of discussion, I wonder how many of the rest of the readership have
>read this book?  What are your thoughts on it?  

I read it when it first came out, and the controversy broke. Put my name
on the waiting list at the library (that way if the book was really
offensive, none of my money would find its way to the author or
publisher), and read it, "cover to cover" (to use a phrase that seems
popular here right now).

And I *liked* it. The writing style was a little hard to get used to, but
it was well worth the effort. Coming from a similar background (Rushdie
grew up in Bombay in a muslim family, and moved to England; I grew up in
New Delhi), it made a strong impression on me.  (And he used many of the
strange constructions of Indian English: the "yaar" at the end of a
sentence, "Butbutbut," the occasional hindi phrase, etc.)

At the time I still "sorta-kinda" thought of myself as a muslim, and I
couldn't see what the flap was all about. It seemed clear to me that this
was allegory.  It was clear that he described some local prostitutes who
took on the names and personae of Muhammed's wives, and had not (as my
grandfather thundered) implied that Muhammed's wives were prostitutes; in
short, every angry muslim that had read even part of the book seemed to
have missed the point completely.  (And I won't mention the fact that the
most militant of them had never even seen the book. Oops, I just did!)

Perhaps in a deep sense, the book is insulting to Islam, because it
exposes the silliness of revealed religion - why does an omnipotent deity
need an agent? She can come directly to me, can't she? How do we know that
Muhammed didn't just go out into the desert and smoke something? And how
do we know that the scribes he dictated the Quran to didn't screw up, or
put in their own little verses? And why can Muhammed marry more than four
women, when no other muslim is allowed to? (Although I think the biggest
insult to Islam is that the majority of its followers would want to
suppress a book, sight unseen, on the say-so of some "holy" guy. Not to
mention murder the author.)

>Over the years, when I have made this point, various primarily muslim
>posters have responded, saying that yes indeed they have read the book
>and had called it such things as "filth and lies", "I would rank
>Rushdie's book with Hitler's Mein Kempf or worse", and so on.

I had much the same response when I tried to talk about the book. A really
silly argument - after all, how many of these same people have read "Mein
Kampf?" It just made me wonder - what are they afraid of? Why don't they
just read the book and decide for themselves?

Maybe the reaction of the muslim community to the book, and the absence of
protest from the "liberal" muslims to Khomeini's fatwa outrage, was the
final push I needed into atheism!

-s
--
  Shamim Mohamed / {uunet,noao,cmcl2..}!arizona!shamim / shamim@cs.arizona.edu
  "Take this cross and garlic; here's a Mezuzah if he's Jewish; a page of the
    Koran if he's a Muslim; and if he's a Zen Buddhist, you're on your own."
   Member of the League for Programming Freedom - write to lpf@uunet.uu.net

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53411
From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: The Universe and Black Holes, was Re: 2000 years.....

In article <1993Apr20.154658@IASTATE.EDU>, kv07@IASTATE.EDU (Warren
Vonroeschlaub) wrote:
> 
>   Let's say that we drop a marble into the black hole.  It races, ever faster,
> towards the even horizon.  But, thanks to the curving of space caused by the
> excessive gravity, as the object approaches the event horizon it has further to
> travel.  Integrating the curve gives a time to reach the event horizon of . . 
> infinity.  So the math says that nothing can enter a black hole.

Not true. Only an observer at rest at infinite distance from the black hole
will see the particle take infinite time to reach the horizon. In the
particle's own reference frame, it takes a very finite time to reach the
horizon and the singularity. The math does indeed predict this. Take a look
at Mitchner, Thorne, and Wheeler's _Gravitation_.
> 

Peter Walker

Don't forget to sing:
            They say there's a heaven for those who will wait
                Some say it's better, but I say it ain't
        I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
                     The sinners are much more fun
                         Only the good die young!

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53412
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <115793@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> In article <1qla0g$afp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>|> >I hope an Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI, which
>|> >ripped off so many small depositors among the Muslim
>|> >community in the Uk and elsewhere.

>|> Grow up, childish propagandist.

|> 
|> >BBCI was an example of an Islamically owned and operated bank -
|> >what will someone bet me they weren't "real" Islamic owners and
|> >operators?
|> 
|> An Islamic bank is a bank which operates according to the rules
|> of Islam in regard to banking. This is done explicitly by the
|> bank. This was not the case with BCCI.

So now you are saying that an Islamic Bank is something other than
BCCI.

Would you care to explain why it was that when I said  "I hope an 
Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI", you called me a childish 
propagandist.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53413
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr19.124834.5640@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes: 
|> 
|> The difference, as I understand it, is that when one _invests_, one
|> shares in the risk of the venture, whereas when a bank _lends_ money
|> while charging interest, the bank takes little risk.

The entire business of a Bank is the management of risk.   That's
what a Bank is for.   That's what people who work for Banks do.

|> 
|> Something like that anyway (financial stuff ain't my thing).

OK, but in that case why are you posting about it?   What I
hear you saying is "I don't understand this stuff, but if Islam
says it's so, it's so".


jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53414
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1qnpe2INN8b0@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >>They spent quite a bit of time on the wording of the Constitution. 
|> >I realise that this is widely held belief in America, but in fact
|> >the clause on cruel and unusual punishments, like a lot of the
|> >rest, was lifted from the English Bill of Rights of 1689.
|> 
|> Just because the wording is elsewhere does not mean they didn't spend
|> much time on the wording.

In the part of the posting you have so helpfully deleted, I 
pointed out that they used the wording from the English Bill of
Rights apparently *changing* what they understood by it, and I
asked why then should we, two hundred years later, be bound by
what Keith Allan Schneider *thinks* they understood by it.

|> 
|> >>We have already looked in the dictionary to define the word.  Isn't 
|> >>this sufficient?
|> >Since the dictionary said that a lack of mercy or an intent to
|> >inflict injury or grief counted as "cruel", sure.
|> 
|> People can be described as cruel in this way, but punishments cannot.

So one cannot say "a cruel fate"?

Your prevarications are getting increasingly unconvincing, I think.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53415
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1993Apr17.041535.7472@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
|> In article <1qnedm$a91@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> >In article <1ql8mdINN674@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> >|> They spent quite a bit of time on the wording of the Constitution. 
|> >
|> >I realise that this is widely held belief in America, but in fact
|> >the clause on cruel and unusual punishments, like a lot of the
|> >rest, was lifted from the English Bill of Rights of 1689.
|> 
|> According to Jerry Mander's _In the Absence of the Sacred_ (good
|> book, BTW), the Great Binding Law of the Iroquois Confederacy
|> also played a significant role as a model for the U.S. Constitution.
|> Furthermore, apparently Marx and Engels were strongly influenced
|> by a study of Iroquois society, using it as the prime example of
|> a successful, classless, egalitarian, noncoercive society.  Mander
|> goes on to say that both the U.S. and the U.S.S.R. would do well
|> to study the original document, figure out where each went wrong,
|> and try to get it right next time.

That's fascinating.   I heard that the Chinese, rather than
the Italians, invented pasta.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53416
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1qnp13INN816@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >Perhaps the chimps that failed to evolve cooperative behaviour
|> >died out, and we are left with the ones that did evolve such
|> >behaviour, entirely by chance.
|> 
|> That's the entire point!

No, that's the point of evolution, not the point of "natural
morality".   Unless, of course, as I have suggested several
times already, "natural morality" is just a renaming.

|> 
|> >Are you going to proclaim a natural morality every time an
|> >organism evolves cooperative behaviour?
|> 
|> Yes!
|> 
|> Natural morality is a morality that developed naturally.

But your "yes?" is actually stronger than this.    You are
agreeing that "every time an organism evolves cooperative 
behaviour" you are going to call it a "natural morality."

> >What about the natural morality of bee dance?
>
> Huh?

Bee dance is a naturally developed piece of cooperative behaviour.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53417
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1993Apr17.080321.18675@daffy.cs.wisc.edu>, mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
|> In article <1ql9a6$afp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> >In article <1ql0ajINN2kj@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> >|> Well, chimps must have some system.  They live in social groups
|> >|> as we do, so they must have some "laws" dictating undesired behavior.
|> >
|> >Ah, the verb "to must".   I was warned about that one back
|> >in Kindergarten.
|> >
|> >So, why "must" they have such laws?
|> >
|> >jon.
|> Hey, must is a verb in some languages.  Just happens it is only a modifier
|> in English.  But, the verb of the sentence is to have.  This is modified
|> by "must".  

I know that "must" is a verb in some languages.   I'm complaining
about the assertion containing the word must.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53420
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

In article <66615@mimsy.umd.edu>, mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
|> Jon Livesey writes:
|> 
|> |> What I said was that people took time to *copy* *the* *text* correctly.
|> |> Translations present completely different issues.
|>
|> 
|> >So why do I read in the papers that the Qumram texts had "different
|> >versions" of some OT texts.   Did I misunderstand?
|> 
|> Reading newspapers to learn about this kind of stuff is not the best idea in
|> the world.  Newspaper reporters are notoriously ignorant on the subject of
|> religion, and are prone to exaggeration in the interests of having a "real"
|> story (that is, a bigger headline).
|> 
|> Let's back up to 1935.  At this point, we have the Masoretic text, the
|> various targums (translations/commentaries in aramaic, etc.), and the
|> Septuagint, the ancient greek translation.  The Masoretic text is the
|> standard Jewish text and essentially does not vary.  In some places it has
|> obvious corruptions, all of which are copied faithfully from copy to copy.
|> These passages in the past were interpreted by reference to the targums and
|> to the Septuagint.

So when they took the time to *copy* *the* *text* correctly, that includes
"obvious corruptions?"

|> 
|> Now, the septuagint differs from the masoretic text in two particulars:
|> first, it includes additional texts, and second, in some passages there are
|> variant readings from the masoretic text (in addition to "fixing"/predating
|> the various corrupted passages).  It must be emphasized that, to the best of
|> my knowledge, these variations are only signifcant to bible scholars, and
|> have little theological import.

So when they took the time to *copy* *the* *text* correctly, that does not
exclude "variant readings from the masoretic text" which are "of little 
theological import"

|> 
|> The dead sea scroll materials add to this an ancient *copy* of almost all of
|> Isaiah and fragments of various sizes of almost all other OT books.  There
|> is also an abundance of other material, but as far as I know, there is no
|> sign there of any hebrew antecdent to the apocrypha (the extra texts in the
|> septuagint).  As far as analysis has proceeded, there are also variations
|> between the DSS texts and the masoretic versions.  These tend to reflect the
|> septuagint, where the latter isn't obviously in error.  Again, though, the
|> differences (thus far) are not significant theologically.  There is this big
|> expectation that there are great theological surprises lurking in the
|> material, but so far this hasn't happened.
|> 
|> The DSS *are* important because there is almost no textual tradition in the
|> OT, unlike for the NT.

Hey, you're the expert.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53421
From: danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <ofp1qP600VpdINppwh@andrew.cmu.edu> Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu> writes:
>timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
>> There lies the hypocrisy, dude.  Atheism takes as much faith as theism.  
>> Admit it!
>
>Besides... not believing in a god means one doesn't have to deal with all
>of the extra baggage that comes with it!  This leaves a person feeling
>wonderfully free, especially after beaten over the head with it for years!
>I agree that religion and belief is often an important psychological healer
>for many people and for that reason I think it's important.  However,
>trying to force a psychological fantasy (I don't mean that in a bad way,
>but that's what it really is) on someone else who isn't interested is
>extremely rude.  What if I still believed in Santa Claus and said that my

It should be noted that belief in God is in itself no more a behavoral
imperative than lack of belief. It is religion which causes the harm,
not the belief in God.  
 
Dan


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53423
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

In article <1r1mr8$eov@aurora.engr.LaTech.edu>, ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill Ray) writes:
>Todd Kelley (tgk@cs.toronto.edu) wrote:
>: Faith and dogma are dangerous.  
>
>Faith and dogma are inevitable.  Christians merely understand and admit
>to the fact.  Give me your proof that no God exists, or that He does.  
>Whichever position you take, you are forced to do it on faith.  It does
>no good to say you take no position, for to show no interest in the 
>existence of God is to assume He does not exist.
>

[...stuff deleted...]

As many posters have said in as many posts lately, this is just
not true.  For to show no interest in the existence of god takes no
faith at all.  You make the presumption that the _knowledge_ of the 
_possibility_ of something is enough to require faith to render 
that possibilty of no interest.  It is a very different thing to say
that you don't believe something than it is to say that you don't
have sufficent reason to believe something is even interesting to 
think about.  It's not either or.  Sometimes is just something else
more interesting that occupies your mind.  

I agree that faith and dogma are inevitable, but not necessarily
applied to god and religion.  It takes both faith and dogma to
expect the sun to come up every morning, but there is overwhelming
reason every single day, day in and day out, for _everyone_ to put 
his faith and dogma there.  Not so with the christian religion.

-- 
 jim halat         halat@bear.com     
bear-stearns       --whatever doesn't kill you will only serve to annoy you--
   nyc             i speak only for myself

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53424
From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4949@eastman.UUCP>, dps@nasa.kodak.com (Dan Schaertel,,,)
wrote:
> 
> In article 11853@vice.ICO.TEK.COM, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
> |>
> |>  Yet I am still not a believer.  Is god not concerned with my
> |>  disposition?  Why is it beneath him to provide me with the
> |>  evidence I would require to believe?  The evidence that my
> |>  personality, given to me by this god, would find compelling?
> 
> The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
> But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
> you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
> love you.    

I wouldn't punish him with eternal torture if he didn't love me. But then
I;m a decent chap. It seems your god isn't.

> The responsibility is on you to love God and take a step toward
> Him.  He promises to be there for you, but you have to look for yourself.

I've looked, and he wasn't. Another promise broken.

> Those who doubt this or dispute it have not givin it a sincere effort.

Lying bastard! How  do you know what effort I have and have not given? 

> Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
> that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
> Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
> the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
> know more than you do now.   To learn you must accept that which
> you don't know.

Can anyone eaplain what he's just said here?

Peter

Don't forget to sing:
            They say there's a heaven for those who will wait
                Some say it's better, but I say it ain't
        I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
                     The sinners are much more fun
                         Only the good die young!

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53425
From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <C5s9zM.9E0@cbnewsj.cb.att.com>, decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com
(dean.kaflowitz) wrote:
> 
> In article <C5LH4p.27K@portal.hq.videocart.com>, dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
> > JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu () writes:
> > : YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
> > : PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
> > 
> >   What do you mean "be prepared" ?? Surrounded by thumpers like yourself
> > has proven to be hellish enough . . . and I'm not even dead yet !!
> 
> Well here's how I prepared.  I got one of those big beach
> umbrellas, some of those gel-pack ice things, a big Coleman cooler
> which I've loaded up with Miller Draft (so I like Miller Draft,
> so sue me), a new pair of New Balance sneakers, a Sony
> Watchman, and a couple of cartons of BonTon Cheddar Cheese
> Popcorn.
> 
> I haven't decided what to wear yet.  What does one wear to an
> eternal damnation?
> 
> Dean Kaflowitz

Dress casual. Only in heaven is there a dress code (black tie and
self-important expression)

Don't forget to sing:
            They say there's a heaven for those who will wait
                Some say it's better, but I say it ain't
        I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
                     The sinners are much more fun
                         Only the good die young!

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53426
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1993Apr19.112008.26198@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
|> In <1qi3fc$jkj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >In article <1993Apr14.110209.7703@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
|> >>
|> >> Some here on alt.atheism think that by condemning the actions 
|> >> of some of those who call themselves Muslims, they are condemning 
|> >> Islam.
|> 
|> >Do you read minds, Mr Rice?   You know what posters think now,
|> >not just what they write?
|> 
|> >For myself, I only have what people are posting here to go on,
|> >and that's what I am commenting on.
|> 
|> I think you may have misunderstood me.
|> 
|> I mean that one does not really criticize _Islam_ necessarily by
|> bringing Khomeini etc. into the argument, for whether he is or is not
|> following Islam has to be determined by examining his actions against
|> Islamic teachings.  Islamic teachings are contained in the Qur'an and
|> hadiths (reported sayings and doings of the Prophet).

That's funny, I thought you were making a statement about what
people think.    In fact, I see it quoted up there.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53427
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1993Apr19.112008.26198@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
|> 
|> By the way, Jon, I found a reference to my claim that the percentage of
|> the population that suffers from depression has been increasing this
|> century (as you requested).  I will start a new heading ("thread") to
|> post it under.

Cool, then we can discuss the increase in radio and TV use, 
the increase in the use of fossil fuels, the increase in air 
travel, and consumption of processed bread, and you can
instruct us on which of them causes increased depression.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53428
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1qugin$9tf@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> In article <1qkogg$k@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|>
|> #And in that area, what you care about is whether someone is sceptical,
|> #critical and autonomous on the one hand, or gullible, excitable and
|> #easily led on the other.
|> 
|> Indeed I may.  And one may be an atheist and also be gullible, excitable
|> and easily led.
|> 
|> #I would say that a tendency to worship tyrants and ideologies indicates
|> #that a person is easily led.   Whether they have a worship or belief 
|> #in a supernatural hero rather than an earthly one seems to me to be
|> #beside the point.
|> 
|> Sure.  But whether or not they are atheists is what we are discussing,
|> not whether they are easily led.  

Not if you show that these hypothetical atheists are gullible, excitable
and easily led from some concrete cause.   In that case we would also
have to discuss if that concrete cause, rather than atheism, was the
factor that caused their subsequent behaviour.

jon. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53429
From: tgk@cs.toronto.edu (Todd Kelley)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall) <1r2eba$hsq@csugrad.cs.vt.edu>
wrote:
>I don't necessarily disagree with your assertion, but I disagree with
>your reasoning.  (Faith = Bad.  Dogma = Bad.  Religion -> (Faith ^ Dogma).
>Religion -> (Bad ^ Bad).  Religion -> Bad.)  Unfortunately, you never 
>state why faith and dogma are dangerous.  

Faith and dogma are dangerous because they cause people to act on
faith alone, which by its nature is without justification.  That
is what I mean by the word ``faith'': belief without justification, or
belief with arbitrary justification, or with emotional (irrational)
justification.

For example, when someone says that God exists, that they don't know
why they believe God exists, they can just feel it, that's faith.

Dogma is bad because it precludes positive change in belief based
on new information, or increased mental faculty.
>
>So Christians are totally irrational?  Irrational with respect to their
>religion only?  What are you saying?  One's belief in a Christian God does
>not make one totally irrational.  I think I know what you were getting at,
>but I'd rather hear you expand on the subject.

Faith and dogma are irrational.  The faith and dogma part of any religion
are responsible for the irrationality of the individuals.  I claim that
faith and dogma are the quintessential part of any religion.  If that
makes (the much overused in this context) Buddism a philosophy rather
than a religion, I can live with that.  Science is not a religion,
because there is no faith nor dogma.
>
>>A philosopher cannot be a Christian because a philosopher can change his mind,
>>whereas a Christian cannot, due to the nature of faith and dogma present
>>in any religion.
>
>Again, this statement is too general.  A Christian is perfectly capable of
>being a philosopher, and absolutely capable of changing his/her mind.  Faith in
>God is a belief, and all beliefs may change.  Would you assert that atheists
>would make poor philosophers because they are predisposed to not believe in a
>God which, of course, may show unfair bias when studying, say, religion?

Have you noticed that philosophers tend to be atheists?  If a philosopher
is not an atheist, s/he tends to be called a theologian.

A Christian tends to consider Christianity sacred.  Christianity is
a special set of beliefs, sanctioned by God himself, and therefore,
to conceive of changing those beliefs is to question the existence
of That Being Who Makes No Mistakes.  Faith comes into play.  Dogma
comes into play.  ``The lord works in mysterious ways'' is an example
of faith being used to reconcile evidence that the beliefs are flawed.
Sure, interpretations of what ``God said'' are changed to satisfy the
needs of society, but when God says something, that's it.  It was said,
and that's that.  Since God said it, it is unflawed, even if the
interpretations are flawed.

Science, (as would be practiced by atheists) in contrast, has a
BUILT IN defence against faith and dogma.
A scientist holds sacred the idea that beliefs should change to
suit whatever is the best information available at the time, AND,
*AND*, ****AND***, a scientist understands that any current beliefs
are deficient in some way.  The goal is to keep improving
the beliefs.  The goal is to keep changing the beliefs to reflect
the best information currently available.  That's the only rational
thing to do.  That's good philosophy.

Can you see the difference?  Science views beliefs as being flawed,
and new information can be obtained to improve them.  (How many
scientists would claim to have complete and perfect understanding
of everything?  None---it would put them out of a job!)  Religion
views its beliefs as being perfect, and the interpretations of
those beliefs must be changed as new information is acquired which
conflicts with them.
>
>Please explain how "just because" thinking kills people.  (And please
>state more in your answer than "Waco.")

It's easier for someone to kill a person when s/he doesn't require
a good rational justification of the killing.  I don't consider
``he's Jewish'', or ``he was born of Jewish parents'', or
``this document says he's Jewish'' to be good rational justification.

>By the way, I wasn't aware mass suicide
>was a problem.  Waco and Jonestown were isolated incidents.  
>Mass suicides are far from common.

Clinton and the FBI would love for you to convince them of this.
It would save the US taxpayer a lot of money if you could.

Todd

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53430
From: tgk@cs.toronto.edu (Todd Kelley)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

>In  <1r1mr8$eov@aurora.engr.LaTech.edu> ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill Ray)
>wrote:
>
>Faith and dogma are inevitable.  Christians merely understand and admit
>to the fact.  Give me your proof that no God exists, or that He does.  
>Whichever position you take, you are forced to do it on faith.  It does
>no good to say you take no position, for to show no interest in the 
>existence of God is to assume He does not exist.

Consider special relativity.  It hasn't be proved, nor has it been
disproved.  No one has a proof one way or the other, but many people
are interested in it!
 
I've satisfied myself that nothing could indicate absolutely the
existence of God one way or the other.  The two possibilities
are supernaturalism and naturalism.  Of course no set of circumstances can
be inconsistent with supernaturalism, but similarly, no set of circumstances
can be inconsistent with naturalism.  In naturalism, any phenomenon that
could be described as God is considered part of the natural world, to
be studied as any other natural phenomenon (gravity, for instance).  
For example, if a loud ``godlike'' voice vociferously announced, ``I
am God, I exist, and I will prove it by reversing the force of gravity,''
and if then gravity did indeed reverse, a naturalist (probably a scientist)
would say, ``Boy, we sure didn't understand gravity as well as we
thought we did, and that loud voice is something new.  Perhaps we
didn't understand thunder as well as we thought we did either.''

>I contend that proper implementation of the Christian faith requires
>reasoning, but that reasoning cannot be used to throw out things you
>don't like, or find uncomfortable.  Hedonistic sexual behavior is 
>condemned in the Bible and no act of true reason will make it any
>less condemned.  Hatred, murder, gossip; all these are condemned.
>Is there God-ordained murder in the Bible?  You bet, and if God ever
>orders me to kill you, I will.  But I will first use the Gideon-like
>behavior of verifying that God actually ordered the hit, and will 
>probably discuss it in an Abram-like fashion.

I'm sure glad you don't know where I live, since you don't seem
to realize it is impossible for you to distinguish between voices
in your head, and God's voice.

>I can hear you now, this is how Jim Jones and David Koresh justify
>their behavior.  Delusional religious cults bear the same relationship 
>to Christianity that rape bears to consentual sex: form but no substance.
>When the Southern Baptist Church or the Methodist Church begin to do this
>then you have reason to blame mainstream religion for the behaviors of these
>people.  Or should I associate every negative behavior I witness in any
>non-Christian with you?

You seem to have missed my point.  Even if Jim Jones and David Koresh
were not religious people, my point remains that faith and dogma
are dangerous, and religion encourages them.  Jim Jones and David Koresh
also encouraged them.  My point does not rely on Jim Jones and David
Koresh being religious.

Todd

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53431
From: danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

In article <1r1mr8$eov@aurora.engr.LaTech.edu> ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill Ray) writes:
>Todd Kelley (tgk@cs.toronto.edu) wrote:
>: Faith and dogma are dangerous.  
>
>Faith and dogma are inevitable.  Christians merely understand and admit
>to the fact.  Give me your proof that no God exists, or that He does.  
>Whichever position you take, you are forced to do it on faith.  It does
>no good to say you take no position, for to show no interest in the 
>existence of God is to assume He does not exist.

Absolutely not true. Without religion - either an established one or
one you invent for yourself - the theist and atheist are equally
(not) interested in God, because without religious revelation there
is _no_ information about God available. Strip away the dogma and
the theists/atheists are no different, simply holding a different
opinion on a matter of little practical importance.

>I contend that proper implementation of the Christian faith requires
>reasoning, but that reasoning cannot be used to throw out things you
>don't like, or find uncomfortable.  Hedonistic sexual behavior is 
>condemned in the Bible and no act of true reason will make it any
>less condemned.  Hatred, murder, gossip; all these are condemned.
>Is there God-ordained murder in the Bible?  You bet, and if God ever
>orders me to kill you, I will.  But I will first use the Gideon-like
>behavior of verifying that God actually ordered the hit, and will 
>probably discuss it in an Abram-like fashion.

Sorry, but that doesn't help. What test will you apply to decide
whether it is God or Satan with whom you are speaking?
How will you know that you have not simply gone insane, or having
delusions? You are like a loaded gun.

>I can hear you now, this is how Jim Jones and David Koresh justify
>their behavior.  Delusional religious cults bear the same relationship 

Ah, you not as stupid as I assumed. :-)

>When the Southern Baptist Church or the Methodist Church begin to do this
>then you have reason to blame mainstream religion for the behaviors of these
>people.  Or should I associate every negative behavior I witness in any
>non-Christian with you?

Yes. We're all in this together - each human making up a small part of
the definition of humanity.

Dan


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53434
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

Benedikt Rosenau (I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de) wrote:

: When the object of their belief is said to be perfect and make the believers
: act in a certain way and we observe that they don't, we have a contradiction.
: Something defined contradictorily cannot exist. That what the believe in does
: not exist. Secondly, there are better explanations for why they believe than
: the existence of the object of their belief.
:  
:  
: Have you read the FAQ already?
:    Benedikt

Benedikt,

I can't recall anyone claiming that God -makes- anyone act a particlar
way, I think that you're attempting to manufacture a contradiction.
God is said to require certain behavior, but the only compulsion is
the believer's sense of duty. A standard of conduct does exist, but we
are free to ignore it or misunderstand it or distort it in whatever
ways we find convenient, but our response to God's edicts can in no
way be used to question God's existence. The behavior of believers is
a completely separate question from that of God's existence; there is
nothing contradictory here.

To say that something defined contadictorily cannot exist, is really
asking too much; you would have existence depend on grammar. All you
can really say is that something is poorly defined, but that in itself
is insufficient to decide anything (other than confusion of course).

Your point that there are better reasons for the phenomenon of belief
than the object of belief may lead to a rat's nest of unnecessary
complexity. I think I know what you're implying, but I'd like to see
your version of this better alternative just the same.

Bill



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53435
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

SCOTT D. SAUYET (SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu) wrote:

: Regardless of people's hidden motivations, the stated reasons for many
: wars include religion.  Of course you can always claim that the REAL
: reason was economics, politics, ethnic strife, or whatever.  But the
: fact remains that the justification for many wars has been to conquer
: the heathens.

: If you want to say, for instance, that economics was the chief cause
: of the Crusades, you could certainly make that point.  But someone
: could come along and demonstrate that it was REALLY something else, in
: the same manner you show that it was REALLY not religion.  You could
: in this manner eliminate all possible causes for the Crusades.
:         

Scott,

I don't have to make outrageous claims about religion's affecting and
effecting history, for the purpsoe of a.a, all I have to do point out
that many claims made here are wrong and do nothing to validate
atheism. At no time have I made any statement that religion was the
sole cause of anything, what I have done is point out that those who
do make that kind of claim are mistaken, usually deliberately. 

To credit religion with the awesome power to dominate history is to
misunderstand human nature, the function of religion and of course,
history. I believe that those who distort history in this way know
exaclty what they're doing, and do it only for affect.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53436
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

James Felder (spbach@lerc.nasa.gov) wrote:

: Logic alert -  argument from incredulity.  Just because it is hard for you 
: to believe this doesn't mean that it isn't true.  Liars can be very pursuasive
: just look at Koresh that you yourself cite.

This is whole basis of a great many here rejecting the Christian
account of things. In the words of St. Madalyn Murrey-O'Hair, "Face it
folks, it's just silly ...". Why is it okay to disbelieve because of
your incredulity if you admit that it's a fallacy?

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53437
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:
: In article <11838@vice.ICO.TEK.COM>, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert
: Beauchaine) wrote:
: >   Someone spank me if I'm wrong, but didn't Lord, Liar, or Lunatic
: >   originate with C.S. Lewis?  Who's this Campollo fellow anyway?

: I do think so, and isn't there a clear connection with the "I do
: believe, because it is absurd" notion by one of the original
: Christians (Origen?).

There is a similar statement attributed to Anselm, "I believe so that
I may understand". In both cases reason is somewhat less exalted than
anyone posting here could accept, which means that neither statement
can be properly analysed in this venue.

Bill



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53438
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

Ed McCreary (edm@twisto.compaq.com) wrote:
: >>>>> On 16 Apr 93 05:10:18 GMT, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) said:

: RB> In article <ofnWyG600WB699voA=@andrew.cmu.edu> pl1u+@andrew.cmu.edu (Patrick C Leger) writes:
: >EVER HEAR OF
: >BAPTISM AT BIRTH?  If that isn't preying on the young, I don't know what
: >is...
: >
: RB>   
: RB>   No, that's praying on the young.  Preying on the young comes
: RB>   later, when the bright eyed little altar boy finds out what the
: RB>   priest really wears under that chasible.

Does this statement further the atheist cause in some way, surely it's
not intended as wit ...

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53439
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:


: > This is a good point, but I think "average" people do not take up Christianity
: > so much out of fear or escapism, but, quite simply, as a way to improve their
: > social life, or to get more involved with American culture, if they are kids of
: > immigrants for example.  Since it is the overwhelming major religion in the
: > Western World (in some form or other), it is simply the choice people take if
: > they are bored and want to do something new with their lives, but not somethong
: > TOO new, or TOO out of the ordinary.  Seems a little weak, but as long as it
: > doesn't hurt anybody...

: The social pressure is indeed a very important factor for the majority
: of passive Christians in our world today. In the case of early Christianity
: the promise of a heavenly afterlife, independent of your social status,
: was also a very promising gift (reason slaves and non-Romans accepted
: the religion very rapidly).

If this is a hypothetical proposition, you should say so, if it's
fact, you should cite your sources. If all this is the amateur
sociologist sub-branch of a.a however, it would suffice to alert the
unwary that you are just screwing around ...

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53440
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Nicknames

Maddi Hausmann (madhaus@netcom.com) wrote:
: jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only) writes: >

: >We could start with those posters who annoy us the most, like Bobby or
: >Bill.

: Your wish is my command.

: Bill "Shit-stirrer" Connor
: Bobby "Circular" Mozumder

I'm not sure my new nom d'net is exactly appropriate, but it comes
very close. Considering what I have to wade through before I make one
of my insightful, dead-on-the-money repsonses, I have to agree that
something's getting stirred up. I would like to believe my
characterization of what I respond to would be kinder though, but if
you insist ...

I am also surprised to find that I have offended anyone, but in some
cases it's unavoidable if I am to say anything at all. For those to
whom fairness is important, check out my contributions, haven't I been
most generous and patient, a veritable paragon of gentility?

Oh, BTW, I don't mind being paired with Bobby; I admire his tenacity.
How many of you would do as well in this hostile environment - you
think -I'm- offensive ?! read your own posts ...

Love and kisses,

Bill

P.S.

My name is Conner, not Connor. No point in humiliating the innocents.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53441
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

Keith M. Ryan (kmr4@po.CWRU.edu) wrote:

: 	Nice cop out bill.

I'm sure you're right, but I have no idea to what you refer. Would you
mind explaining how I copped out?

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53442
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

This is fascinating. Atheists argue for abortion, defend homosexuality
as a means of population control, insist that the only values are
biological and condemn war and capital punishment. According to
Benedikt, if something is contardictory, it cannot exist, which in
this case means atheists I suppose.
I would like to understand how an atheist can object to war (an
excellent means of controlling population growth), or to capital
punishment, I'm sorry but the logic escapes me.
And why just capital punishment, what is being questioned here, the
propriety of killing or of punishment? What is the basis of the
ecomplaint?

Bill


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53443
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution

Robert Singleton (bobs@thnext.mit.edu) wrote:

: > Sure it isn't mutually exclusive, but it lends weight to (i.e. increases
: > notional running estimates of the posterior probability of) the 
: > atheist's pitch in the partition, and thus necessarily reduces the same 
: > quantity in the theist's pitch. This is because the `divine component' 
: > falls prey to Ockham's Razor, the phenomenon being satisfactorily 
:                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
: > explained without it, and there being no independent evidence of any 
:   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
: > such component. More detail in the next post.
: > 

Occam's Razor is not a law of nature, it is way of analyzing an
argument, even so, it interesting how often it's cited here and to
what end. 
It seems odd that religion is simultaneously condemned as being
primitive, simple-minded and unscientific, anti-intellectual and
childish, and yet again condemned as being too complex (Occam's
razor), the scientific explanation of things being much more
straightforeward and, apparently, simpler. Which is it to be - which
is the "non-essential", and how do you know?
Considering that even scientists don't fully comprehend science due to
its complexity and diversity. Maybe William of Occam has performed a
lobotomy, kept the frontal lobe and thrown everything else away ...

This is all very confusing, I'm sure one of you will straighten me out
tough.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53445
From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes: >

>OK, you have disproved one thing, but you failed to "nail" me.
>
>See, nowhere in my post did I claim that something _must_ be believed in.  Here
>are the three possibilities:
>
>	1) God exists. 
>	2) God does not exist.
>	3) I don't know.
>
>My attack was on strong atheism, (2).  Since I am (3), I guess by what you said
>below that makes me a weak atheist.
  [snip]
>First of all, you seem to be a reasonable guy.  Why not try to be more honest
>and include my sentence afterwards that 

Honest, it just ended like that, I swear!  

Hmmmm...I recognize the warning signs...alternating polite and
rude...coming into newsgroup with huge chip on shoulder...calls
people names and then makes nice...whirrr...click...whirrr

"Clam" Bake Timmons = Bill "Shit Stirrer Connor"

Q.E.D.

Whirr click whirr...Frank O'Dwyer might also be contained
in that shell...pop stack to determine...whirr...click..whirr

"Killfile" Keith Allen Schneider = Frank "Closet Theist" O'Dwyer =

the mind reels.  Maybe they're all Bobby Mozumder.

-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53446
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

In article <11862@vice.ICO.TEK.COM>, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert
Beauchaine) wrote:
> 
> In article <sandvik-190493224221@sandvik-kent.apple.com> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:
> >
> >As I know you can't get any physical problems by passive Christianity,
> >unlike smoking. It's not that hard to avoid Christianity today, anyway.
> >Just ignore 'em.
> >
> 
>   Right on Keith, err, Kent.  
> 
>   Whadda you mean, you didn't see the smiley?

Ouch. I guess I didn't. Sorry. But my comment was just more
'irony' into the fire.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53447
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?

In article <11867@vice.ICO.TEK.COM>, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert
Beauchaine) wrote:
> 
> In article <EDM.93Apr20145436@gocart.twisto.compaq.com> edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary) writes:
> >
> >While we're on the topic of books, has anyone else noticed that Paine's
> >"The Age of Reason" is hard to find.  I've been wanting to pick up
> >a copy for a while, but not bad enough to mail order it.  I've noticed
> >though that none of the bookstores I go to seem to carry it.  I thought
> >this was supposed to be classic.  What's the deal?
> >--
> 
>   Me too.  Our local used book store is the second largest on the
>   West Coast, and I couldn't find a copy there.  I guess atheists
>   hold their bibles in as much esteem as the theists.

If I remember correctly Prometheus books have this one in stock,
so just call them and ask for the book.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53448
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Age of Reason Was: Who has read Rushdie's

This is the story of Kent, the archetype Finn, that lives in the 
Bay Area, and tried to purchase Thomas Paine's "Age of Reason". This
man was driving around, to Staceys, to Books Inc, to "Well, Cleanlighted
Place", to Daltons, to various other places.

When he asked for this book, the well educated American book store
assistants in most placed asked him to check out the thriller section,
or then they said that his book has not been published yet, but they
should receive the book soon. In some places the assistants bluntly
said that they don't know of such an author, or that he is not 
a well known living author, so they don't keep copies of his books.

Such is the life and times of America, 200+ years after the revolution.


Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53449
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Athei
From: sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed)

In article <1993Apr19.151120.14068@abo.fi> MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka) writes:
>In <930419.125145.9O3.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew writes:
>> I wonder if Noam Chomsky is reading this?
>
>      I could be wrong, but is he actually talking about outright
>_government_ control of the media, aka censorship?
>
>      If he doesn't, any quick one-stop-shopping reference to his works
>that'll tell me, in short, what he _does_ argue for?

"Manufacturing Consent," a film about the media. You alternative movie source
may have this; or to book it in your local alternative theatre, contact:

FILMS TRANSIT * INTERNATIONAL SALES
Jan Rofekamp
402 Notre Dame E.
Montreal, Quebec
Canada H2Y 1C8
Tel (514) 844-3358 * Fax (514) 844-7298
Telex 5560074 Filmtransmtl

(US readers: call Zeitgeist Films at 212 274 1989.)

-s
--
  Shamim Mohamed / {uunet,noao,cmcl2..}!arizona!shamim / shamim@cs.arizona.edu
  "Take this cross and garlic; here's a Mezuzah if he's Jewish; a page of the
    Koran if he's a Muslim; and if he's a Zen Buddhist, you're on your own."
   Member of the League for Programming Freedom - write to lpf@uunet.uu.net

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53454
From: danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <C5rEKJ.49y@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>James Felder (spbach@lerc.nasa.gov) wrote:
>
>: Logic alert -  argument from incredulity.  Just because it is hard for you 
>: to believe this doesn't mean that it isn't true.  Liars can be very pursuasive
>: just look at Koresh that you yourself cite.
>
>This is whole basis of a great many here rejecting the Christian
>account of things. In the words of St. Madalyn Murrey-O'Hair, "Face it
>folks, it's just silly ...". Why is it okay to disbelieve because of
>your incredulity if you admit that it's a fallacy?

It isn't. And I wasn't aware that this O'Hair chick was a reader of
a.a., so that doesn't support your assertion that the argument is
"the whole basis of a great many HERE rejecting...".

Dan



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53455
From: dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

In article <C5rGKB.4Fs@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:
>: The social pressure is indeed a very important factor for the majority
>: of passive Christians in our world today. In the case of early Christianity
>: the promise of a heavenly afterlife, independent of your social status,
>: was also a very promising gift (reason slaves and non-Romans accepted
>: the religion very rapidly).
>
>If this is a hypothetical proposition, you should say so, if it's
>fact, you should cite your sources. If all this is the amateur
>sociologist sub-branch of a.a however, it would suffice to alert the
>unwary that you are just screwing around ...

What would you accept as sources?  This very thing has been written
in lots of books.  You could start with Erich Fromm's _The Dogma of Christ_.
--
Doug Graham         dgraham@bnr.ca         My opinions are my own.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53456
From: dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1r2j7d$6e1@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>In article <1993Apr17.041535.7472@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
>|> According to Jerry Mander's _In the Absence of the Sacred_ (good
>|> book, BTW), the Great Binding Law of the Iroquois Confederacy
>|> also played a significant role as a model for the U.S. Constitution.
>|> Furthermore, apparently Marx and Engels were strongly influenced
>|> by a study of Iroquois society, using it as the prime example of
>|> a successful, classless, egalitarian, noncoercive society.  Mander
>|> goes on to say that both the U.S. and the U.S.S.R. would do well
>|> to study the original document, figure out where each went wrong,
>|> and try to get it right next time.
>
>That's fascinating.   I heard that the Chinese, rather than
>the Italians, invented pasta.

That's fascinating.  I take it that you're expressing skepticism
at the idea that those ignorant savages could have influenced
the Constitution of the people who stole their continent.  You
could be right, but it sounds plausible to me.  Is there any
reason that you dismiss it out-of-hand?  Here's some more:

   Recent scholarship has shown that in the mid-1700s Indians were not
   only invited to participate in the deliberations of our "founding
   fathers," but that the Great Binding Law of the Iroquois Confederacy
   arguably became the single most important model for the 1754 Albany
   Plan of Union, and later the Articles of Confederation and the
   Constitution.  That this would be absent from our school texts,
   and from history, and from media is not surprising given the devotion
   Americans feel to our founding myth: Great men gathered to express
   a new vision that has withstood the test of time.  If it were
   revealed that Indians had a role in it, imagine the blow to the
   American psyche.
   ...
      By 1754, when most of these men and others gathered to creat the
   Albany Plan of Union, the first try at confederation, they invited
   forty-two members of the Iroquois Grand Council to serve as advisors
   on confederate structures.  Benjamin Franklin freely acknowledged
   his interest in the Iroquois achievement in a famous speech at
   Albany Congress: "It would be a strange thing...if six nations
   of ignorant savages[sic] should be capable of forming such a union
   and be able to execute it in such a manner that it has subsisted
   for ages and appears indissoluble, and yet that a like union should
   be impractical for ten or a dozen English colonies."
      According to Grinde, Franklin convened meetings of Iroquois chiefs
   and congressional delegates in order to "hammer out a plan that he
   acknowedged to be similar to the Iroquois Confederacy."

Grinde is Professor Donald Grinde,Jr., of the University of California
at Riverside whose book _The Iroquois and the Founding Fathers of the
American Nation_ addresses this issue.
--
Doug Graham         dgraham@bnr.ca         My opinions are my own.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53457
From: "James F. Tims" <p00168@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Studies on Book of Mormon

>DATE:   Tue, 20 Apr 93 21:12:55 GMT
>FROM:   Carolyn Jean Fairman <cfairman@leland.Stanford.EDU>
>
>agrino@enkidu.mic.cl (Andres Grino Brandt) asks about Mormons.
>
>>There are some mention about events, places, or historical persons
>>later discovered by archeologist?
>
>One of the more amusing things in the BOM is a claim that a
>civilization existed in North America, aroun where the mystical plates
>were found.  Not only did it use steel and other metals, but it had
>lots of wars (very OT).  No one has ever found any metal swords or
>and traces of a civilization other than the Native Americans.
>
>This is just one example.

From _Free Inquiry_, Winter 83/84,  the following is an
introduction to the article "Joseph Smith and the Book of
Mormon", by George D. Smith.  The introduction is written by
Paul Kurtz. 

	Mormonism -- the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
	-- claims a worldwide membership 5.2 million.  It is one of
	the world's fastest growing religions, with as many as
	200,000 new converst in 1982 alone.  Because of the church's
	aggressive missionary program, covering more than one
	hundred countries, it is spreading even to third world
	countries.
	
	Mormonism is both puritanical in moral outlook and
	evangelical in preachment.  The church is run along strict
	authoritarian lines.  Led by a president, who allegedly
	receives revelations directly form God, and a group of
	twelve apostles who attempt to maintain orthodoxy in belief
	and practice, the church is opposed to abortion,
	pornography, sexual freedom, women's rights, and other, in
	its view, immoral influences of secular society, and it
	forbids the use of tobacco, alcohol, coffee, and tea.
	
	Centered in Salt Lake City, the church is extremely wealthy
	and politically powerful in Utal and many other western
	states.  Among well-know present-day Mormons are Ezra Taft
	Benson (former secretary of agriculture), the Osmond family,
	the Mariotts of the hotel empire, and a score of high-placed
	government officials.
	
	The Mormon church was founded in western New York in 1830 by
	Joseph Smith who claimed that by divine revelation be had
	found gold plates containing hieroglyphics buried on a hill
	and that with the help of visits from the angel Moroni he
	had been able to translate the writing into the _Book of
	Mormon_, the basis of Mormon belief.  This book, written "by
	the commandment of God," claims that the ancient Hebrews
	settled in America about 600 B.C.E. and were the ancestors
	of the American Indians.  Mormons believe that those who
	have been baptized in the "true church" will be reunited
	after death and that deceased non-Mormon family members can
	be baptized by proxy and thus join their relatives in the
	hereafter.  Because of these beliefs, Mormons have been
	considered outcasts by mainline Christian denominations and
	as heretics by religious fundamentalists.
	
	Joseph Smith was a controversial figure in his day -- he was
	both worshiped as a saint and denounced as a fraud.  Because
	of persecution he led his band of loyal followers from
	Palmyra, New York, westward to Ohio and then to Illinois,
	where in 1844 he was shot to death by an agry mob.  Brigham
	Young, who reportedly had as many as eighty wives, took over
	the leadership of the church and led the Mormons further
	westward, to found the new Zion in Salt Lake City. 
	Following the teachings of Joseph Smith in the practice of
	polygamy was perhaps the Mormons most controversial practice
	in nineteenth-century America.
	
	While other religions go back many centuries --
	Muhammadanism, 1200 years; Christianity, 2000; and Judaism,
	3000 -- and attempts to examine their beginnings are
	difficult, extensive historical investigation of Mormon
	roots is possible.  Some Mormons are willing to examine this
	history objectively, bu others maintain that such scrutiny
	is dangerous to the faith.
	
	In the following pages, _Free Inquiry_ presents two articles
	about the Mormon church.  First, George D. Smith, a lifelong
	member of the church, provides a detailed critical
	examination of Joseph Smith and his claim the the _Book of
	Mormon_ was divinely revealed.  Second, we present a portion
	of an interview with philosopher Sterling McMurrin, also a
	Mormon since birth, who questions the treatment of the
	history of the church by Mormon authorities. -- Paul Kurtz
	

The article itself is super.

  ,...,.,,
 /666;    ',    
////;    _~ -   
(/@/----0-~-0
 ;'  . `` ~ \'
  , `    ' , >
;;|\..((   -C---->> jimtims p00168@psilink.com 
;;| >-  `.__),;;


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53458
From: qpliu@ernie.Princeton.EDU (q.p.liu)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
>that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".

Why don't you cite the passages so that we can focus on some to discuss.
Then, following Jesus, you can make fools of us and our "logic".

>               If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
>know more than you do now.

Indeed, if you can justifiably make this assertion, you must be a
genius in logic and making fools of us should be that much easier.
-- 
qpliu@princeton.edu           Standard opinion: Opinions are delta-correlated.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53459
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: Requests

In article <11857@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
>Subject: Re: Requests
>Date: 19 Apr 93 18:25:08 GMT
>In article <C5qLLG.4BC@mailer.cc.fsu.edu> mayne@cs.fsu.edu writes:
>>
(excess stuff deleted...)

    
>  However, it seems that a local church elder has been getting
>  revelations from god about a devastating quake scheduled to level
>  the area on May 3rd.  He has independent corroboration from
>  several friends, who apparently have had similar revelations.  The
>  5.7 quake was, in fact, in response to a request from the lot of
>  them seeking a sign from god on the veracity of their visions.
>
>  None of this would be terribly interesting, except for the amount
>  of stir it has created in the area.  Many, many people are taking
>  these claims very seriously.  There are some making plans to be
>  out of the are on the target date.  My local religious radio
>  station devoted 4 hours of discussion on the topic.  
>
>  I even called up during one of the live broadcasts to tell the
>  host that he would have a full account of my conversion on May
>  4th, provided my family and I survived the devastation and ruin
>  that will invariably follow the quake.
>
>/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 
>
>Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 
>
>They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
>and sank Manhattan out at sea.
>
>^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

I know of a similar incident about 3 years ago.  A climatologist( Ithink 
that was his profession) named Iben Browning predicted that an earthquake 
would hit the New Madrid fault on Dec.3.  Some schools in Missouri that were 
on the fault line actually cancelled school for the day.  Many people 
evacuated New Madrid and other towns in teh are.  I wouldn't be suprised if 
there were more journalists in the area than residents.  Of course, teh 
earthquake never occured.  HOw do I know about his?  I used to live in 
Southern Illinois and the lican middle school was built directly on the 
fault line.  No we still had school... We laughed at the poor idiots who 
believed the prediction. :):):):)

Bob, if you're wanting an excuse to convert to Christianity, you gonna have 
to look elsewhere.

Tammy "No Trim" Healy



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53460
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: Studies on Book of Mormon

In article <735023059snx@enkidu.mic.cl> agrino@enkidu.mic.cl (Andres Grino Brandt) writes:
>From: agrino@enkidu.mic.cl (Andres Grino Brandt)
>Subject: Studies on Book of Mormon
>Date: Sun, 18 Apr 1993 14:15:33 CST
>Hi!
>
>I don't know much about Mormons, and I want to know about serious independent
>studies about the Book of Mormon.
>
>I don't buy the 'official' story about the gold original taken to heaven,
>but haven't read the Book of Mormon by myself (I have to much work learning
>Biblical Hebrew), I will appreciate any comment about the results of study
>in style, vocabulary, place-names, internal consistency, and so on.
>
>For example: There is evidence for one-writer or multiple writers?
>There are some mention about events, places, or historical persons later
>discovered by archeologist?
>
>Yours in Collen
>
>Andres Grino Brandt               Casilla 14801 - Santiago 21
>agrino@enkidu.mic.cl                        Chile
>
>No hay mas realidad que la realidad, y la razon es su profeta
I don't think the Book of Mormon was supposedly translated from Biblical 
Hebrew.  I've read that "prophet Joseph Smith" traslated the gold tablets 
from some sort of Egyptian-ish language.  
Former Mormons, PLEASE post.

Tammy "no trim" Healy


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53462
From: jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu (James Thomas Green)
Subject: Logic of Jesus?

dps@nasa.kodak.com Pontificated: 
>Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
>that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".

Can you cite an example of this.  Please post an answer as I
don't want to receive e-mail.  


/~~~(-: James T. Green :-)~~~~(-: jgreen@oboe.calpoly.edu :-)~~~\ 
|  "At all times and in all nations,                            |
|     the priest has been hostile to liberty."                  |
|                               <Thomas Jefferson>              |

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53463
From: jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu (James Thomas Green)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) Pontificated: 
>
>Q:  How many Moslem men does it take to rape a woman?
>A:  Five, one to commit the act, and four to witness the penetration.
>
>
>"A guilty verdict can be rendered only if there is a confession or if there
>are at least two male witnesses to the crime.  Adultery and rape are proved
>only if four witnesses have seen the actual penetration, an occurrence that
>presumably does not happen often."

Is this from the Quran (or however it's spelled)?


/~~~(-: James T. Green :-)~~~~(-: jgreen@oboe.calpoly.edu :-)~~~\ 
|  "At all times and in all nations,                            |
|     the priest has been hostile to liberty."                  |
|                               <Thomas Jefferson>              |

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53464
From: jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu (James Thomas Green)
Subject: Re: "So help you God" in court?


I've heard that in California they ask you to swear without any
mention of a god.  What states actually include "god" in the
courtroom oath?



/~~~(-: James T. Green :-)~~~~(-: jgreen@oboe.calpoly.edu :-)~~~\ 
|  "At all times and in all nations,                            |
|     the priest has been hostile to liberty."                  |
|                               <Thomas Jefferson>              |

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53465
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Societal basis for morality

In article <C5prv8.5nI@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike
Cobb) wrote:
> we have to expect others to follow our notion of societally mandated morality?
> Pardon the extremism, but couldn't I murder your "brother" and say that I was 
> exercising my rights as I saw them, was doing what felt good, didn't want
> anyone forcing their morality on me, or I don't follow your "morality" ?

Good statement! Should we apply empirical measurements to define exact
social morals? Should morals be based on social rules? On ancient
religious doctrines? It seems there will *NEVER* be a common and single
denominator for defining morals, and as such defining absolute
and objective morals is doomed to fail as long as humans have 
this incredible talent of creative thinking.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53466
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1993Apr19.113255.27550@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>,
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) wrote:
> >Fred, the problem with such reasoning is that for us non-believers
> >we need a better measurement tool to state that person A is a
> >real Muslim/Christian, while person B is not. As I know there are
> >no such tools, and anyone could believe in a religion, misuse its
> >power and otherwise make bad PR. It clearly shows the sore points
> >with religion -- in other words show me a movement that can't spin
> >off Khomeinis, Stalins, Davidians, Husseins... *).
> 
> I don't think such a system exists.  I think the reason for that is an
> condition known as "free will".  We humans have got it.  Anybody, using
> their free-will, can tell lies and half-truths about *any* system and
> thus abuse it for their own ends.

I don't think such tools exist either. In addition, there's no such
thing as objective information. All together, it looks like religion
and any doctrines could be freely misused to whatever purpose.

This all reminds me of Descartes' whispering deamon. You can't trust
anything. So why bother.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53467
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5pxqs.LM5@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu
(Bill Conner) wrote:
> As for your question of moral free-agency, given the Christian
> position above, the freedom we have is to acknowledge God. The
> morality we practice is a direct outgrowth of how we excercise that
> freedom. You are free to ignore God in the same way you are free to
> ignore gravity and the consequences are inevitable and well known
> in both cases. That an atheist can't accept the evidence means only
> that he prefers not to accept it, it says nothing about the evidence
> itself. 

I agree, I had a hard feeling not believing my grand-grand mother
who told me of elves dancing outside barns in the early mornings.
I preferred not to accept it, even if her statement provided
the truth itself. Life is hard.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53468
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <C5qt5p.Mvo@blaze.cs.jhu.edu>, arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu
(Ken Arromdee) wrote:
> 
> In article <115694@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
> >I think many reading this group would also benefit by knowing how
> >deviant the view _as I've articulated it above_ (which may not be
> >the true view of Khomeini) is from the basic principles of Islam. 
> 
> From the point ov view of an atheist, I see you claim Khomeini wasn't
> practicing true Islam.  But I'm sure that he would have said the same about
> you.  How am I, a member of neither group, supposed to be able to tell which
> one of you two is really a true Muslim?

Fred Rice answered this already in an early posting:
"The problem with your argument is that you do not _know_ who is a _real_
believer and who may be "faking it".  This is something known only by
the person him/herself (and God).  Your assumption that anyone who
_claims_ to be a "believer" _is_ a "believer" is not necessarily true."

In other words it seems that nobody could define who is a true and
false Muslim. We are back to square one, Khomeini and Hussein are 
still innocent and can't be defined as evil or good Islamic 
worshippers.

Cheers,
Kent

---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53469
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1993Apr20.115045.20756@abo.fi> MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka) writes:
#In <1r0fpv$p11@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp writes:
#>In article <1993Apr20.070156.26910@abo.fi> MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI
#>(Mats Andtbacka) writes:
#
#>#      Ah, that old chestnut, your claim that moral objectivism ==
#>#scientific objectivism. I don't agree with it; now try proving, through
#>#some objective moral test, that my disagreeing is incorrect. =)
#> 
#> Your claim, which you have deleted now was "not universal => not objective".
#
#      I've deleted it now, in the interest of brevity. Go back a step
#and you'll see it was still in your post. Yes, that was my claim; if you
#can refute it, then please do so.

Firstly, an apology.  You hadn't deleted your claim, and I was mistaken in
saying you had. Sorry for any offence caused.

Secondly,  how can I refute your definition?  I can only point up its
logical implications, and say that they seem to contradict the usage
of the word "objective" in other areas.  Indeed, by your definition, an
objective x is an oxymoron, for all x.  I have no quibble with that
belief, other than that it is useless, and that "objective" is a perfectly
good word.

#> So, what *is* objective?  Not the age of the universe, anyway, as I show
#> above.
#
#      How many ages can the universe have, and still be internally self-
#consistent? I'd be amazed if it was more than one. How many different
#moral systems can different members of society have - indeed, single
#individuals, in some cases - and humanity still stick together?

Begging the question.  People can have many opinions about the age
of the universe and humanity can still stick together.   You are
saying that the universe has a _real_ age, independent of my beliefs about
it.  Why?

#      The age of the universe, like most scientific facts, can be
#emirically verified through means that'll give the same result no matter
#who performs the testing (albeit there are error bars that may be on the
#largish side...). 

This assumes that the universe has a real age, or any kind of reality
which doesn't depend on what we think.   Why should an extreme Biblical
Creationist give a rat's ass about the means of which you speak?

#I've heard of no way to verify morality in a
#consistent way, much less compute the errors of the measurement; care to
#enlighten me?

The same is true of pain, but painkillers exist, and can be predicted
to work with some accuracy better than a random guess.  I wrote
elsewhere that morality should be hypotheses about observed value.
If a moral system makes a prediction "It will be better if...",
that can be tested, and is falsifiable in the same way as a prediction
"This drug will relieve pain..."

#      People's *ideas* about the age of object X are *not* objective;
#you can have any idea you like, and I can't stop you. Universae and
#their ages is another ballgame; they are what they are, and if you
#dislike some detail of them, that's a problem with your *opinion* of
#them. 

Sure.  Assume an objective reality, and you get statements like this.

#I claim that morality is an opinion of ours, and as such
#subjective and individual. If I'm wrong, then some more-or-less
#objectively "real" thing exists, which you label "objective morality";
#can you back up this positive claim of existence?

Can you back up your positive claim above?  No.  That's because it's an
assumption.  I make the same assumption about values, on the basis
that there is no logical difference between the two, and the empirical
basis of the two is precisely the same.

#>#      Point: Morals are, in essence, personal opinions. Usually
#>#(ideally) well-founded, motivated such, but nonetheless personal. The
#>#fact that a real large lot of people agree on some moral question,
#>#sometimes even for the same reason, does not make morals objective; it
#>#makes humans somewhat alike in their opinions on that moral question,
#>#which can be good for the evolution of a social species.
#> 
#> And if a "real large lot" (nice phrase) of people agree that there is a 
#> football on a desk, I'm supposed to see a logical difference between the two?  
#> Perhaps you can explain the difference to me, since you seem to see it
#> so clearly.
#
#      Take a look on the desk - i.e., perform a test. If(football) THEN
#(accept theory) ELSE DO (Tell people they're hallucinating).
#
#      Now take a look at morality. See anything? If so, please inform me
#which way to look, and WHY to look that particular way, as opposed to
#some other. Get my drift?

No. Just look.  Are you claiming never to know what good means?

#>#      *Science* is a whole other matter altogether.
#> 
#> Says you.  Prove that those who disagree are wrong?
#
#      That's a simple(?) matter of proving the track record of the
#scientific method.

I think it's great, and should be applied to values.  I may be completely
wrong, but that's what I conclude as a result of quite an amount of
thought.

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53471
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

In article <1993Apr19.120352.1574@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>,
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) wrote:
>> The problem with your argument is that you do not _know_ who is a _real_
> believer and who may be "faking it".  This is something known only by
> the person him/herself (and God).  Your assumption that anyone who
> _claims_ to be a "believer" _is_ a "believer" is not necessarily true.

So that still leaves the door totally open for Khomeini, Hussein
et rest. They could still be considered true Muslims, and you can't
judge them, because this is something between God and the person.

You have to apply your rule as well with atheists/agnostics, you
don't know their belief, this is something between them and God.

So why the hoopla about Khomeini not being a real Muslim, and the
hoopla about atheists being not real human beings?

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53472
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <C5rEyF.4CE@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu
(Bill Conner) wrote:
> Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:
> : In article <11838@vice.ICO.TEK.COM>, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert
> : Beauchaine) wrote:
> : >   Someone spank me if I'm wrong, but didn't Lord, Liar, or Lunatic
> : >   originate with C.S. Lewis?  Who's this Campollo fellow anyway?
> 
> : I do think so, and isn't there a clear connection with the "I do
> : believe, because it is absurd" notion by one of the original
> : Christians (Origen?).
> 
> There is a similar statement attributed to Anselm, "I believe so that
> I may understand". In both cases reason is somewhat less exalted than
> anyone posting here could accept, which means that neither statement
> can be properly analysed in this venue.

Bill, I think you have a misunderstanding about atheism. Lack of 
belief in God does not directly imply lack of understanding
transcendental values. I hope you would accept the fact that 
for instance Buddhists appreciate issues related to non-empirical
reasoning without the need to automatically believe in theism.

I think reading a couple of books related to Buddhism might 
revise and fine tune your understanding of non-Christian systems.

Cheers,
Kent

---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53473
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <pww-210493010443@spac-at1-59.rice.edu>, pww@spacsun.rice.edu
(Peter > > Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you
will see
> > that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
> > Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
> > the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
> > know more than you do now.   To learn you must accept that which
> > you don't know.
> 
> Can anyone eaplain what he's just said here?

I can't. It seems Jesus used logic to make people using logic
look like fools? No, that does not sound right, he maybe just
told they were fools, and that's it, and people believed that...
Hmm, does not sound reasonable either...

I find it always very intriguing to see people stating that
transcendental values can't be explained, and then in the
next sentence they try to explain these unexplained values.
Highly strange.

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53474
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

In article <C5rGKB.4Fs@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu
(Bill Conner) wrote:
> Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:
> : The social pressure is indeed a very important factor for the majority
> : of passive Christians in our world today. In the case of early Christianity
> : the promise of a heavenly afterlife, independent of your social status,
> : was also a very promising gift (reason slaves and non-Romans accepted
> : the religion very rapidly).
> 
> If this is a hypothetical proposition, you should say so, if it's
> fact, you should cite your sources. If all this is the amateur
> sociologist sub-branch of a.a however, it would suffice to alert the
> unwary that you are just screwing around ...

Well, as I remember Jacoby's "Mythmaker" talks about this to cite
one source -- but I'm not sure if all Christians have read this book.
In addition my social experiences is from being raised and educated
as a Lutheran, having a lot of Christian friends, and I even
have played in two Christian rock bands!

So, over to you, do you have any counter claims, sources et 
rest that shows that Christianity does not have the concept
of a social promise that is independent on the social status?

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53475
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

In article <C5rB1G.43u@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu
(Bill Conner) wrote:
> To credit religion with the awesome power to dominate history is to
> misunderstand human nature, the function of religion and of course,
> history. I believe that those who distort history in this way know
> exaclty what they're doing, and do it only for affect.

However, to underestimate the power of religion creating historical
events is also a big misunderstanding. For instance, would the
30-year-old war have ever started if there were no fractions
between the Protestants and the Vatican?

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53476
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

In article <C5rLyz.4Mt@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu
(Bill Conner) wrote:
> 
> This is fascinating. Atheists argue for abortion, defend homosexuality
> as a means of population control, insist that the only values are
> biological and condemn war and capital punishment. According to
> Benedikt, if something is contardictory, it cannot exist, which in
> this case means atheists I suppose.
> I would like to understand how an atheist can object to war (an
> excellent means of controlling population growth), or to capital
> punishment, I'm sorry but the logic escapes me.
> And why just capital punishment, what is being questioned here, the
> propriety of killing or of punishment? What is the basis of the
> ecomplaint?

Bill, ever heard of secular humanism? Please check out what
this stands for, and then revise your statements above.

Cheers,
Kent

---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53477
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Suggestion for "resources" FAQ

>DATE:   Mon, 19 Apr 1993 15:01:10 GMT
>FROM:   Bruce Stephens <bruce@liverpool.ac.uk>
>
>I think a good book summarizing and comparing religions would be good.
>
>I confess I don't know of any---indeed that's why I checked the FAQ to see
>if it had one---but I'm sure some alert reader does.
>
>I think the list of books suffers far too much from being Christian based;
>I agree that most of the traffic is of this nature (although a few Islamic
>references might be good) but I still think an overview would be nice.

One book I have which presents a fairly unbiased account of many religions
is called _Man's Religions_ by John B. Noss.  It was a textbook in a class
I had on comparative religion or some such thing.  It has some decent
bibliographies on each chapter as a jumping off point for further reading.

It doesn't "compare" religions directly but describes each one individually
and notes a few similarities.  But nothing I have read in it could be even
remotely described as preachy or Christian based.  In fact, Christianity
mercifully consumes only 90 or so of its nearly 600 pages.  The book is
divided according to major regions of the world where the biggies began 
(India, East Asia, Near East).  There is nothing about New World religions
from the Aztecs, Mayas, Incas, etc.  Just the stuff people kill each
other over nowadays.  And a few of the older religions snuffed out along
the way.  

If you like the old stuff, then a couple of books called "The Ancient Near
East" by James B. Pritchard are pretty cool.  Got the Epic of Gilgamesh,
Code of Hammurabi, all the stuff from way back when men were gods and gods
were men.  Essential reading for anyone who wishes to make up their own
religion and make it sound real good.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53478
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

>DATE:   19 Apr 93 23:23:26 GMT
>FROM:   Bake Timmons <timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu>
>
>My my, there _are_ a few atheists with time on their hands.  :)
>
>OK, first I apologize.  I didn't bother reading the FAQ first and so fired an
>imprecise flame.  That was inexcusable.
>

How about the nickname Bake "Flamethrower" Timmons?

You weren't at the Koresh compound around noon today by any chance, were you?

Remember, Koresh "dried" for your sins.  

And pass that beef jerky.  Umm Umm.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53479
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1r2kt7$6e1@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
#In article <1qugin$9tf@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
#|> In article <1qkogg$k@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
#|>
#|> #And in that area, what you care about is whether someone is sceptical,
#|> #critical and autonomous on the one hand, or gullible, excitable and
#|> #easily led on the other.
#|> 
#|> Indeed I may.  And one may be an atheist and also be gullible, excitable
#|> and easily led.
#|> 
#|> #I would say that a tendency to worship tyrants and ideologies indicates
#|> #that a person is easily led.   Whether they have a worship or belief 
#|> #in a supernatural hero rather than an earthly one seems to me to be
#|> #beside the point.
#|> 
#|> Sure.  But whether or not they are atheists is what we are discussing,
#|> not whether they are easily led.  
#
#Not if you show that these hypothetical atheists are gullible, excitable
#and easily led from some concrete cause.   In that case we would also
#have to discuss if that concrete cause, rather than atheism, was the
#factor that caused their subsequent behaviour.

I'm not arguing that atheism causes such behaviour - merely that
it is not relevant to the definition of atheism, which is 'lack of belief in 
gods'.  


-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53482
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

In article <1r2gi8$6e1@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
#In article <1qu485$58o@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
#|> In article <1qkovl$k@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
#|> #
#|> #False dichotomy.  You claimed the killing were *not* religiously
#|> #motivated, and I'm saying that's wrong.   I'm not saying that
#|> #each and every killing is religiously motivate, as I spelled out
#|> #in detail.
#|> 
#|> Which killings do you say are religously motivated?
#
#For example, I would claim that the recent assassination of four
#catholic construction workers who had no connection with the IRA
#was probably religously motivated.
#
#|> At the time
#|> of writing, I think that someone who claims the current violence is
#|> motivated by religion is reaching.
#
#What would you call is when someone writes "The killings in N.I 
#are not religously motivated?"

I'd say it was motivated by a primitive notion of revenge, and by
misguided patriotism.  Otherwise, I'd have to wonder how come mainland
catholics are not killed by mainland protestants, and southern
catholics are not killed by southern protestants, and so on.  Take away
all plausible causes bar religion, and the violence diminishes markedly.
Gee, why _is_ that?

#|> Now, it's possible to argue that 
#|> religion *in the past* is a major contributing factor to the violence in
#|> the present, but I don't know of any evidence that this is so - and I'm
#|> not enough of a historian to debate it. 
#
#Given that the avowed aim of the IRA is to take Northern Ireland
#into a country that has a particular church written into its 
#constitution, and which has restriction on civil rights dictated
#by that Church, I fail to see why the word "past" is appropriate.

The country also has a different official language written in its
constitution (and vice versa :-) - maybe they're motivated by a love of 
Irish poetry.  Your argument is fallacious, jon.

For what it's worth, I agree with all that you say about Ireland above, 
and more.

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53483
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Objective Values 'v' Scientific Accuracy (was Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is)

In article <930419.122738.5s2.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew
<mathew@mantis.co.uk> wrote:
> 
> lpzsml@unicorn.nott.ac.uk (Steve Lang) writes:
> > Values can also refer to meaning.  For example in computer science the
> > value of 1 is TRUE, and 0 is FALSE.
> 
> Not in Lisp.

True, all you need to define is one statement that defined one
polarity, and all the other states are considered the other
polarity. Then again what is the meaning of nil, false or true :-) ?

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53486
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism)

In article <1993Apr19.231641.21652@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>"(God is) the One Who created the night, the day, the sun and the moon.
>Each is travelling in an orbit with its own motion." (Qur'an :33)
>
>The positive aspect of this verse noted by Dr. Maurice Bucaille is that
>while geocentrism was the commonly accepted notion at the time (and for
>a long time afterwards), there is no notion of geocentrism in this verse
>(or anywhere in the Qur'an).
>
 
Well, that is certainly different, but it looks as if there is a translation
found for everything. By the way, I am most surprised to hear that night and
day move in an orbit.
 
And that the sun travels in an orbit without saying that earth does, too,
sounds geocentric to me.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53487
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1r3inr$lvi@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>#>And if a "real large lot" (nice phrase) of people agree that there is a
>#>football on a desk, I'm supposed to see a logical difference between the two?
>#>Perhaps you can explain the difference to me, since you seem to see it
>#>so clearly.
>#>
>#(rest deleted)
>#
>#That's a fallacy, and it is not the first time it is pointed out.
>
>It's not a fallacy - note the IF.   IF a supermajority of disinterested people
>agree on a fundamantal value (we're not doing ethics YET Benedikt), then what
>is the difference between that and those people agreeing on a trivial
>observation?
>
 
The reference to it's not yet being ethics is dubious. You have used the terms
absolute, objective and others interchangeably. Same with moral values, values,
at all, worth, measuers, and usefulness. You infer from them as if they were
the same.
 
To the IF. When the If is not fulfilled, your intermission is a waste of time.
Assuming that you don't intend this, it is reasonable to conclude that you
want to argue a point.
 
You have made a interesting statement here, namely that of the disinterested
observer. There is no such thing in morals. Probably the shortest proof for
objective and morality being a contradiction.
 
 
>#For one, you have never given a set of morals people agree upon. Unlike
>#a football. Further, you conveniently ignore here that there are
>#many who would not agree on tghe morality of something. The analogy
>#does not hold.
>
>I have, however, given an example of a VALUE people agree on, and explained
>why.  People will agree that their freedom is valuable.  I have also
>stated that such a value is a necessary condition for doing objective
>ethics - the IF assertion above.  And that is what I'm talking about, there
>isn't a point in talking about ethics if this can't be agreed.
>
 
Fine. And that freedom is valuable is not generally agreed upon. I could
name quite a lot of people who state the opposite. (Not that that wasn't
mentioned before). In other words, you have nothing to fulfill your strong
claims with.
 
 
>#One can expect sufficiently many people to agree on its being a football,
>#while YOU have to give the evidence that only vanishing number disagrees
>#with a set of morals YOU have to give.
>
>I'm not doing morals (ethics) if we can't get past values.  As I say,
>the only cogent objection to my 'freedom' example is that maybe people
>aren't talking about the same thing when they answer that it is valuable.
>Maybe not, and I want to think about this some, especially the implications
>of its being true.
>
 
Clutching a straw. I don't believe in mappings into metaphysical sets were
loaded terms are fixpoints. Those who deny the morality of freedom make quite
clear what they say, their practice is telling. Yes, there are even those who
are willingly unfree. It is quite common in religions, by the way. For one,
there is a religion which is named Submission.
 
Don't even try to argue that submission is freedom.
 
 
>#Further, the above is evidence, not proof. Proof would evolve out of testing
>#your theory of absolute morals against competing theories.
>
>Garbage.  That's not proof either.
>
 
If it were so, it would argue my case. But I am afraid that that is considered
proof.
 
 
>#The above is one of the arguments you reiterate while you never answer
>#the objections. Evidence that you are a preacher.
>
>Name that fallacy.
 
There is something universally valued in a moral context.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53488
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In <1qla0g$afp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>In article <115565@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>|> In article <1qi3l5$jkj@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>|> 
>|> >I hope an Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI, which
>|> >ripped off so many small depositors among the Muslim
>|> >community in the Uk and elsewhere.
>|> 
[...deletions...]

>BBCI was an example of an Islamically owned and operated bank -
>what will someone bet me they weren't "real" Islamic owners and
>operators? - and yet it actually turned out to be a long-running
>and quite ruthless operation to steal money from small and often
>quite naive depositors.

An "Islamic Bank" is something which operates in a different fashion to
your modern bank, as I have explained here (on another thread) before.
For example, Islamic banks don't pay fixed interests on deposits, but a
return on investments (which varies according to the market, and is not
fixed like interest is).

Islamic banks are a relatively new phenomenon in the Islamic world.
There are no Islamic banks in "the West", including the USA, to my
knowledge.  I doubt if the market for them exists there -- at least not
while "Islamic banks" are at a relatively early stage of their
development as is the case now.  BCCI is most certainly not an "Islamic
bank" -- did BCCI ever pay a fixed interest rate on deposits?  If the
answer to this question is "yes", then BCCI was not an Islamic bank, as
Islamic banks are specifically set up to _not_ pay or charge interest.

Whether some Muslims partially owned the bank or whatever is completely
irrelevant.  

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53489
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)
From: sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed)

This is the most unmitigated bilge I've seen in a while. Jim Brown obviously
has possession of the right-wing token.

> Diplomatic alternatives, including sanctions, were ineffective.

"In December, former national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski told a
Senate committee that sanctions were costing Iraq $100 million per day, and
that the multinational coalition could take all the time in the world.
Iraq, he suggested, was losing badly every day it defied the UN demands,
while the community of nations won every day -- with no taking of life or
loss of life."  -- FCNL Washington Newsletter.

> The world is full of evil, and circumstances are not perfect.  Many
> innocents suffer due to the wrongful actions of others.  It it regretable,
> but that's The-Way-It-Is.

Wrongful actions of murderers like leaders of the US government, perhaps?
Regrettable, of course; The-Way-It-Is - certainly not.

> The media is not totally monolithic. ... There are even conservative
> sources out there if you know where to look.  (Hurrah for Rush!)

Good heavens! An escapee from Rush Limbot Land! "Conservative", my ass.

> And BTW, the reason I brought up the blanket-bombing in Germany was 
> because you were bemoaning the Iraqi civilian casualties as being 
> "so deplorable".  Yet blanket bombing was instituted because bombing 
> wasn't accurate enough to hit industrial/military targets in a 
> decisive way by any other method at that time.  But in the Gulf War, 
> precision bombing was the norm.

BULLSHIT!!! In the Gulf Massacre, 7% of all ordnance used was "smart." The
rest - that's 93% - was just regular, dumb ol' iron bombs and stuff. Have
you forgotten that the Pentagon definition of a successful Patriot launch
was when the missile cleared the launching tube with no damage? Or that a
successful interception of a Scud was defined as "the Patriot and Scud
passed each other in the same area of the sky"?

And of the 7% that was the "smart" stuff, 35% hit. Again - try to follow me
here - that means 65% of this "smart" arsenal missed.

>                                                       The stories
> of "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi civilian dead is just plain bunk.

Prove it. I have a source that says that to date, the civilian death count
(er, excuse me, I mean "collateral damage") is about 200,000.

-s
--
   "No one has attempted to calculate the costs of an execution in
Washington state, but studies elsewhere suggest it costs far more than
incarceration.
   "California is spending more than $90 million annually on capital cases,
and until this year hadn't executed anyone since 1972.  Texas, the national
leader in the number of executions, spends an estimated $2.3 million per
execution.  That compares to an average cost of incarceration in Washington
state of $25,000 per maximum-security prisoner per year."
--
  Shamim Mohamed / {uunet,noao,cmcl2..}!arizona!shamim / shamim@cs.arizona.edu
  "Take this cross and garlic; here's a Mezuzah if he's Jewish; a page of the
    Koran if he's a Muslim; and if he's a Zen Buddhist, you're on your own."
   Member of the League for Programming Freedom - write to lpf@uunet.uu.net

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53491
From: mccullou@snake10.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Gulf War (was Re: Death Penalty was Re: Political Atheists?)

In article <930421.120012.2o5.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
>> I looked back at this, and asked some questions of various people and
>> got the following information which I had claimed and you pooh-poohed.
>> The US has not sold Iraq any arms.
>
>What about the land mines which have already been mentioned?

I asked around in one of the areas you suggested yourself, and presented
the information I got.  No mention of US landmines was given.

>> other countries (like Kuwait).  Information is hard to prove.  You are
>> claiming that the US sold information?  Prove it.  [...]  Information
>> is hard to prove, almost certainly if the US did sell information, then that
>> fact is classified, and you can't prove it.
>
>Oh, very neat.  Dismiss everything I say unless I can prove beyond a shadow
>of a doubt something which you yourself admit I can never prove to your
>satisfaction.  Thanks, I'll stick to squaring circles.
>
>mathew

Okay, so you are going to blindly believe in things without reasonable
evidence?  I didn't realize you were a theist.  I am doubting a claim
presented without any evidence to support it.  If you are able to present
real evidence for it, then great.  But unsupported claims, or even claims
by such and such news agency will not be accepted.  If you want to
stick to the sheer impossible, instead of the merely difficult, then
fine.  

The statement that if such a fact is classified, then you 
can't prove it, is a simple matter of pragmatics and the law.  If you 
have access to classified information that you know to be classified,
and you reveal it, there is a good chance that you or someone else 
(the person who revealed it to you), is going to jail.  

I never said that you couldn't prove it to my satisfaction, I merely
said that it was difficult.  (Who said I try and make things easy
for people I am arguing with :) (Unless of course, they need the
handicap).

-- 
***************************************************************************
* mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu * Never program and drink beer at the same *
* M^2                          *  time.  It doesn't work.                 *
***************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53492
From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

In article <1r4lva$5vq@fido.asd.sgi.com>, livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
> In article <1993Apr20.102306.882@batman.bmd.trw.com>, jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
> |> In article <1993Apr20.062328.19776@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, 
> |> dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
> |> 
> |> [...]

[....]
> |> 
> |> Wait a minute, Doug.  I know you are better informed than that.  The US 
> |> has never invaded Nicaragua (as far as I know).
> 
> The US invaded Nicaragua several times this century, including 
> October 1912, andf again in February 1927.
> 
> Haiti was occupied in 1915.

Thanks Jon.  I had forgotten about the 1912 and 1927 invasions (if I had
ever learned of them.  I mean I *really* forgot!)  But I read the context
as more recent, such as when the Sandinistas were expecting an "imminent"
invasion from the U.S. which never happened.

I stand corrected.  Thanks.

> 
> |>   Panama we invaded, true (twice this century). 
> 
> The US created Panama in the first place by fomenting and then
> intervening in a civil war in the then-Republic of Colombia.
> 
> US troops landed in Colombia, to "help" with the uprising, and then
> Colombia was duly dismembered and replaced by two countries, in 
> order that the US could build the Panama Canal in the new Republic
> of Panama.
> 

I remembered this one.  This one and Bush's invasion were the two I
mentioned above.  Good ol' Teddy R.-- he knew how to get things done!

> jon.

Regards,

Jim B.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53493
From: danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4963@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>In article 21627@ousrvr.oulu.fi, kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko) writes:
>|>Dan Schaertel,,, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) wrote:
>|>
>|>
>|>What does this mean? To learn you must accept that you don't know 
>|>something, right-o. But to learn you must _accept_ something I don't
>|>know, why? This is not the way I prefer to learn. It is unwise to
>|>merely swallow everything you read. Suppose I write a book telling
>|>how the Great Invisible Pink Unicorn (tm) has helped me in my
>|>daily problems, would you accept this, since you can't know whether
>|>it is true or not?
>|>
>
>No one asks you to swallow everything, in fact Jesus warns against it.   But let
>me ask you a question.  Do you beleive what you learn in history class, or for
>that matter anything in school.  I mean it's just what other people have told
>you and you don't want to swallow what others say. right ... ?

Right.

>There is no way to get into a sceptical heart.  You can not say you have given a 
>sincere effort with the attitude you seem to have.  You must TRUST, not just go 
>to church and participate in it's activities.  Were you ever willing to die for what
>you believed?  

The Branch Dividians were. They believed and trusted so much that it became
impossible to turn back to reality. What you are advocating is total
irreversible brainwashing.

Dan



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53495
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In article <1r35oe$hqd@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> In article <1r2kt7$6e1@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> #In article <1qugin$9tf@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
|> #|> In article <1qkogg$k@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> #|>
|> #|> #And in that area, what you care about is whether someone is sceptical,
|> #|> #critical and autonomous on the one hand, or gullible, excitable and
|> #|> #easily led on the other.
|> #|> 
|> #|> Indeed I may.  And one may be an atheist and also be gullible, excitable
|> #|> and easily led.
|> #|> 
|> #|> #I would say that a tendency to worship tyrants and ideologies indicates
|> #|> #that a person is easily led.   Whether they have a worship or belief 
|> #|> #in a supernatural hero rather than an earthly one seems to me to be
|> #|> #beside the point.
|> #|> 
|> #|> Sure.  But whether or not they are atheists is what we are discussing,
|> #|> not whether they are easily led.  
|> #
|> #Not if you show that these hypothetical atheists are gullible, excitable
|> #and easily led from some concrete cause.   In that case we would also
|> #have to discuss if that concrete cause, rather than atheism, was the
|> #factor that caused their subsequent behaviour.
|> 
|> I'm not arguing that atheism causes such behaviour - merely that
|> it is not relevant to the definition of atheism, which is 'lack of belief in 
|> gods'.  

Throw away the FAQ.   We can all just ask Mr O'Dwyer, since he can
define the thing that the rest of us only talk about.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53496
From: mccullou@snake10.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Gulf War / Selling Arms

In article <930421.120313.2L5.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>> Mathew, I agree.  This, it seems, is the crux of your whole position,
>> isn't it?  That the US shouldn't have supported Hussein and sold him arms
>> to fight Iran?  I agree.  And I agree in ruthlessly hunting down those
>> who did or do.  But we *did* sell arms to Hussein, and it's a done deal.
>> Now he invades Kuwait.  So do we just sit back and say, "Well, we sold
>> him all those arms, I suppose he just wants to use them now.  Too bad
>> for Kuwait."  No, unfortunately, sitting back and "letting things be"
>> is not the way to correct a former mistake.  Destroying Hussein's
>> military potential as we did was the right move.  But I agree with
>> your statement, Reagan and Bush made a grave error in judgment to
>> sell arms to Hussein.
>
>But it's STILL HAPPENING.  That's the entire point.  Only last month, John
>Major hailed it as a great victory that he had personally secured a sale of
>arms to Saudi Arabia.  The same month, we sold jet fighters to the same
>Indonesian government that's busy killing the East Timorese.

I heard about the arms sale to Saudi Arabia.  Now, how is it such a grave
mistake to sell Saudi Arabia weapons?  Or are you claiming that we shouldn't
sell any weapons to other countries?  Straightforward answer please.

>It's all very well to say "Oops, we made a boo-boo, better clean up the
>mistake", but the US and UK *keep* making the *same* mistake.  They do it so
>often that I can't believe it's not deliberate.  This suspicion is reinforced
>by the fact that the mistake is an extremely profitable one for a decrepit
>economy reliant on arms sales.

Who benefits from arms sales?  Hint, it isn't normally the gov't.  It is
the contractor that builds that piece of equipment.  Believe it or not,
the US and UK don't export the huge quantities of arms that you have
just accused them of doing.  Arms exports are rare enough, that it
requires an act of congress for non-small arms to most countries, if
not all.  Do you believe in telling everyone who can do what, and who
can sell their goods to whom?  

>
>mathew


-- 
***************************************************************************
* mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu * Never program and drink beer at the same *
* M^2                          *  time.  It doesn't work.                 *
***************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53497
From:  (Rashid)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr17.044430.801@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>,
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) wrote:
> 
Stuff deleted
> Now, I do not believe in _blindly_ following anyone, no matter
> how knowledgeable he or she may be in Islamic law.  If someone tells me
> "Islam says such and such", I immediately say "show me the support for
> this statement from the Qur'an and Sunnah".  I believe this to be my
> Islamic duty, for according to one hadith of the Prophet (peace and
> blessings of God be with him), if your leader tells you to enter a fire,
> and you do it (and kill yourself), then you have sinned for doing 
> wrong, even though you
> were _blindly_ following the instructions of your leader.  _I_ am
> responsible for my own actions, not Abu Hanifa, or Imam Malik, etc.,
> even if I am blindly following the opinions of Abu Hanifa etc.
> 
> With this in mind, to my understanding, we must look at the reasoning
> behind such opinions of Muslims that support Khomeini's fatwa.  Now, to
> my understanding, the hadith upon which those who support Khomeini's
> fatwa is relating to a particular instance that occurred during war
> time.  Now, brother, in general, it is IMHO ridiculous and wrong to say
> that a hadith relating to the actions of war is usable during times of
> peace.  I think any sensible human being can see this, so I personally
> think that the reasoning of some of our ulema in this matter is faulty,
> for they think it is legitimate to use acts of war in times of peace
> regarding this particular subject.
> 
> If you think I am wrong, please feel free to say so, _with your
> reasoning from Qur'an and hadith_, please.  Not because somebody said
> so, I want the reasoning from Al-Qur'an and the sahih hadiths.
> 
> Perhaps we should take our discussion to soc.religion.islam.  Please
> email me, Rashid, if you think we should do this.
>  
> By the way, I also disagree with your opinion regarding the punishment
> for apostasy.  The viewpoint I follow -- that there is in general no
> punishment for apostasy -- is _very_ strongly supported by Qur'an and
> hadith.  This is very well shown in the book "Punishment in Islamic Law"
> by Mohamed S. El-Awa (American Trust Publications, 1981).
> 

I reiterate that I would agree with you that there is little
justification for the punishment of apostasy in the Qur'an.
In Islamic history, as well, apostasy has rarely been punished. 
Belief is considered a matter of conscience and since there
is to be no compulsion in the matter of belief, apostates have
been generally left to believe or not believe as they will.

However, when an apostate makes attacks upon "God and
His Messenger" the situation changes. Now the charge of
apostasy may be complicated with other charges - perhaps 
charges of sedition, treason, spying, etc. If the person 
makes a public issue of their apostasy or mounts public
attacks (as opposed to arguement) against Islam, the
situation is likewise complicated. If the person spreads
slander or broadcasts falsehoods, again the situation
changes. The punishments vary according to the situation
the apostate is in. Anyhow, the charge of aggravated
apostasy would only be a subsidiary charge in Rushdie's case.

There is a distinction in the Qur'an between a formal war situation
and being in the situation where someone unilaterally
wages war (by their actions), creates disorder, makes mischief,etc. 
against the Muslims and creates a situation that results in harm 
to Muslims. Here, a small group or even a single individual could
be said to be engaged in such a practise. In other words, there is
a clear difference between a formal war situation (where two
clearly defined parties wage war, conclude treaties, exchange
prisoners, etc.), and dealing with attacks that come from isolated
individuals or groups against Islam. It is the second situation, 
the unilateral attack and the spreading of "fasad" that 
would apply in the case of Rushdie.

The matter of Rushdie is not a simple matter of banning an 
offensive book (banning the book is secondary) -
a full set of circumstances following the publication of
the book come into play as well, including the deaths of many
Muslims, and Rushdie's (and his publishers) Media games.


> Now, I do not believe in _blindly_ following anyone, no matter
> how knowledgeable he or she may be in Islamic law.  If someone tells me
> "Islam says such and such", I immediately say "show me the support for
> this statement from the Qur'an and Sunnah".  I believe this to be my
> Islamic duty, for according to one hadith of the Prophet (peace and
> blessings of God be with him), if your leader tells you to enter a fire,
> and you do it (and kill yourself), then you have sinned for doing 
> wrong, even though you
> were _blindly_ following the instructions of your leader.  _I_ am
> responsible for my own actions, not Abu Hanifa, or Imam Malik, etc.,
> even if I am blindly following the opinions of Abu Hanifa etc.

>Now, to
> my understanding, the hadith upon which those who support Khomeini's
> fatwa is relating to a particular instance that occurred during war
> time.  Now, brother, in general, it is IMHO ridiculous and wrong to say
> that a hadith relating to the actions of war is usable during times of
> peace.  I think any sensible human being can see this, so I personally
> think that the reasoning of some of our ulema in this matter is faulty,
> for they think it is legitimate to use acts of war in times of peace
> regarding this particular subject.

I am not sure which hadith you are referring to above. I believe
that one of the Qur'anic verses on which the fatwa is based is 5:33.
Every verse in the Qur'an has a corresponding "circumstance of
revelation" but in no way is the understanding (the tafsir) of the
verse restricted solely to the particular historical circumstance
in which it was revealed. If this was the case then we could say
that all the laws and regulations that were revealed when the
Muslims were NOT involved in conflict, should be suspended when
they were at war. The logic does not follow. In complex, real-life
situations, there may be many verses and many hadiths which can
all be related to a single, complicated situation. The internal
relationships between these verses may be quite complex, such that
arriving at an understanding of how the verses interlock and how
each applies to the particular situation can be quite a demanding task.
It is not necessarily a simple "this or that" process. There may
be many parameters involved, there may be a larger context in
which a particular situation should be viewed. All these matters
impinge on the situation.

In other words there is a great deal involved in deciphering the Qur'an.
The Qur'an asks us to reflect on its verses, but this reflection must
entail more than simply reading a verse and its corresponding hadith.
If the reflection is for the sake of increasing personal piety, then each
person has his own level of understanding and there is no harm in that.
However, if the reflection is in order to decide matters that pertain to
the
State, to the gestation of laws and rulings, to the gestation of society,
the dispensing of justice, the guidance of the community, then there 
are certain minimum requirements of understanding that one 
should achieve. Jaffar Ibn Muhammad as-Sadiq(a.s.) relates some of 
these requirements, as taught by the Prophet(S.A.), in a hadith:

"...he who does not distinguish in the Book of Allah the abrogating
verse from the abrogated one, and a specific one from a general one,
and a decisive from an ambiguous; and does not differentiate between
a permission and an obligation, and does not recognize a verse of
Meccan period from a Medinite one, and does not know the circumstances 
of revelation, and does not understand the technical words of
the Qur'an (whether simple or compound); and does not comprehend the
knowledge of decree and measure, and is ignorant of advancing and
delaying (in its verses); and does not distinguish the clear from
the deep, nor the manifest from the esoteric, nor the beginning
from the termination; and is unaware of the question and the answer,
the disjoining and the joining, and the exceptions and the all-inclusive,
and is ignorant of an adjective of a preceding noun that explains the
subsequent one; and is unaware of the emphasized subject and the
detailed one, the obligatory laws and the permissions, the places of the
duties and rules, and the meaning of the lawful and the unlawful; and
does not know the joined words, and the words that are related to those
coming before them, or after them - then such a man does not know
the Qur'an; nor is he among the people of the Qur'an....".

Based on these and other hadiths, and in accordance with many Qur'anic
verses ("Why should not a company from every group remain behind 
to gain profound understanding (tafaqquh) in religion and to warn 
people when they return to them, so that they may beware." (9:122)),
a science of jurisprudence arose. The requirements
for a person to be considered a mujtahid (one who can pronounce on
matters of law and religion) are many. I've listed a few major 
divisions below - there are, of course, many subdivisions within these
headings.

- Knowledge of Arabic (syntax, conjugation, roots, semantics, oratory).
- Knowledge of tafsir and principles of tafsir.
- Logic (mantiq)
- A knowledge of Hadiths
- A knowledge of transmitters (rijal)
- Knowledge of the principles of juriprudence (Qur'an, Sunnah, Consensus,
Reasoning)

The study of Qur'an and sunnah for purposes of law involves:
- discussion of imperatives (awamir)
- discussion of negative imperatives (nawahi)
- discussion of generalities and particularities (aam wa khas)
- discussion of unconditional and conditional
- discussion of tacit meanings
- discussion of the abstract and the clear
- discussion of the abrogator and the abrogated

The principles of Application of the law involves:
- principles of exemption
- principles of precaution
- principles of option
- principles of mastery

The jurisprudent is bound to go through a very rigorous process
in pronouncing judgement on a given situation. It is not a matter
of looking at one verse and one hadith. 

Now no one should blindly follow anyone, but there is a difference
between blind following and acceding to the opinion of someone who is
clearly more knowledgeable and more qualified than oneself. There is the
famous hadith of the Prophet (S.A.) in which he says:
"The fuqaha (religious scholars) are the trustees of the Prophet, as 
long as they do not concern themselves with the illicit desires, pleasures,
and wealth of this world." The Prophet (S.A.) was asked: "O Messenger
of God! How may we know if they so concern themselves?" He (S.A.) replied:
"By seeing whether they follow the ruling power. If they do that, fear for
your religion and shun them." I do not yet know enough about the Imams
of the four Sunni madhabs to comment on how this hadith applies
to them or to the contemporary scholars who base themselves upon them.

The Prophet also refered to the fuqaha as "The fortress of Islam". My only
point is to make it clear that arriving at a legal judgement calls into
play a certain amount of expertise - the specifics of this expertise is 
delineated in the Qur'an and hadith. Those who acquire this expertise
are praised in both the Qur'an and hadith - those who without the requisite
knowledge pronounce on matters that affect society, state, and religion 
are cautioned.

The only reason I said anything at all about the Rushdie affair in this
group, is because the whole basis for the discussion of the fatwa (that is,
apostasy), was wrong. When one discusses something they should at least
base their discussion on fact. Secondly, Khomeini was condemned as a
heretic
because he supposedly claimed to be infallible - another instance of
creating a straw man and then beating him.

> Perhaps we should take our discussion to soc.religion.islam.  Please
> email me, Rashid, if you think we should do this.

I agree that we should move the discussion to another newsgroup.
Unfortunately,
I do not have any access to email, so private discussion or a moderated
group
is out of the question (I cannot post to a moderated group like
soc.religion.islam. How about soc.culture.arabic or talk.religion.misc?

As salaam a-laikum

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53498
From:  (Rashid)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <116171@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) wrote:
> 
I have already made the clear claim that
> Khomeini advocates views which are in contradition with the Qur'an
> and have given my arguments for this. This is something that can be
> checked by anyone sufficiently interested. Khomeini, being dead,
> really can't respond, but another poster who supports Khomeini has
> responded with what is clearly obfuscationist sophistry. This should
> be quite clear to atheists as they are less susceptible to religionist
> modes of obfuscationism. 
> 

Don't mind my saying this but the best example of obfuscation is to
condemn without having even your most basic facts straight. If you
want some examples, go back and look at your previous posts, where
you manage to get your facts wrong about the fatwa and Khomeini's 
supposed infallibility.

As salaam a-laikum

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53499
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Consciousness part II - Kev Strikes Back!

Kevin Anthoney (kax@cs.nott.ac.uk) wrote:

(about my reply)

> Diplomatic :-)

It a society that is constantly on the verge of flaming, Usenet, diplomacy
is the best way to ensure the voice of reason gets through, isn't it?

> I realize I'm fighting Occam's razor in this argument, so I'll try to
> explain why I feel a mind is necessary. 

Kevin, unfortunately you are now delving into field I know too little
about, algorithms. Your reasoning, as I see it, is very much along the
lines of Roger Penrose, who claimed that mathematical 'insight' cannot
be algorithmic in his book _The emperor's new mind: Concerning
computers, minds, and the laws of physics_. However, Penrose's
claim that he _has_ mathematical insight, or your similar claim
that wavefunctions collapse only when we consciously take a look,
could be just illusions.

We are obviouslu taking very different viewpoints - I try to ponder
on the problem of consciousness from an evolutionary perspective,
realising that it might not be anything special, but certainly
useful. Thinking back of what I wrote, do you think worms have minds
or not? They are able to experience pain, at least they behave 
just like that. Yet it is conceivable that we might some day
in the future perform a "total synthesis of C. elegans" from
the elements. Would such a worm have a mind?

> Firstly, I'm not impressed with the ability of algorithms. They're
> great at solving problems once the method has been worked out, but not
> at working out the method itself.

This is true to some extent. However, I do not think that our brains
work like computers, at all. In fact, there is substantial evidence
(Skarda, 1985; Skarda & Freeman 1987) that brains work more or less
chaotically, generating enough randomness for mental states to evolve.
Our brains work much like genetic algorithm generators, I suppose.

> the trick still has to be there in some form to be discovered. Does
> this mean that all the ideas we will ever have are already
> pre-programmed into our brains? This is somewhat unlikely, given that
> our brains ultimately are encoded in 46 chromosomes worth of genetic
> material, much of which isn't used.

Indeed, this is extremely unlikely, given the vast impact of nurture
on our mind and brain. I suggest, however, that before trying to
understand our consciousness as a collection of algorithms. 

Kevin, take a look at the references I mentioned, and think again.
I still think the best experts on the nature of a conscious mind
are neurologists, neuropsychologists and biologists (but do not 
flame me for my opinions), since they study beings that are
conscious. 

The reason I am repeating my advice is that this discussion cannot
lead to anywhere if our backgrounds are too different.

And please, do not bring QM into this discussion at all - not
all physicists are happy with the claim that our consciousness
plays some special role in physics. I would say it doesn't.

> The other problem with algorithms is their instability. Not many
> algorithms survive if you take out a large portion of their code, yet
> people survive strokes without going completely haywire (there are
> side-effects, but patients still seem remarkably stable.) Also,
> neurons in perfectly healthy people are dying at an alarming rate -
> can an algorithm survive if I randomly corrupt various bits of it's
> code?

Again, _brains are not computers_. Don't forget this. This does not
mean they need something else to work - they just work differently.
Their primary 'purpose' is perception and guidance of action, 
self-awareness and high intelligence are later appearances.

> The next problem is the sticky question of "What is colour?" (replace
> 'colour' with the sensation of your choice.) Presumably, the
> materialist viewpoint is that it's the product of some kind of
> chemical reaction. The usual products of such a reaction are energy +
> different chemicals. Is colour a mixture of these?

You are still expecting that we could find the idea of 'green' in
our brains somewhere, perhaps in the form of some chemical. This is
not how I see it. The sensation 'green' is a certain time-dependent
pattern in the area V4 of our visual cortex, and it is distributed
with the help of areas V1 and V2 to the rest of the brain. 

Indeed, a firing pattern. I have sometimes thought of our consciousness
as a global free induction pattern of these local firing patterns,
but this is just idle speculation.

Scientific American's September 1992 issue was a special issue on
mind and brain. Have you already read it from cover to cover? ;-)
There are two articles on visual perception, so you might be 
interested.

But again, please note that subjective experiences cannot be 
observed from a third-person perspective. If we see nothing but 
neuronal activity, we cannot go on to conclude that this is not the
mind.

Kalat (1988) writes about numerous examples where electric stimulation
of different areas of brain have led to various changes in the 
patients' state of mind. For instance, a patient whose septal area
was stimulated (without his knowledge) by remote control during
a psychiatric interview was quickly cured of his depression, and
started discussing a plan to seduce his girlfriend.

Stimulations in the temporal lobe have sometimes led to embarrassing
situations, when the patients have started flirting with the
therapist.

In conclusion, there is evidence that

1) brains are essentially necessary for subjective experiences, 
   brain damage is usually equivalent to some sort of mind damage

2) conscious processes involve substantial brain activity in
   various areas of brain - when we think of colours, our
   visual cortex is activated etc.

3) consciousness is an afterthought - we become conscious of our
   actions with a half a second delay, and our brains are ahead
   of our 'conscious will' by at least 350 ms. 

Thus, I think it is fruitful to turn the question "Why do 'I' see
colours" around and ask "What is this 'I' that seems to be 
observing?", since it seems that our conscious mind is not
the king of our brains.

> If this is so, a
> computer won't see colour, because the chemistry is different. Does an
> algorithm that sees colour have a selective advantage over an
> equivalent that doesn't? It shouldn't, because the outputs of each
> algorithm ought to be the same in equivalent circumstances. So why do
> we see colour?

This depends on what is meant by 'seeing colours'. Does a neural
network that is capable of recognising handwritten numbers from
0 to 9 see the numbers, if it is capable of sorting them?

If you are asking, "why does an animal who is conscious of itself
as an observer have an evolutionary advantage over an animal who
doesn't", I have a good answer - read my previous posting,
where I wrote why a sense of identity helps social animals to swap
roles and act more morally, so that they don't unconsciously
kill each other with newly discovered weapons. (A bit extreme,
but this is the basic idea.)

When early _Homo_ became more and more efficient in using tools, 
a sense of identity and the concept of 'self' had to evolve in
line with this development. Indeed, respect for others and 
conscious altruistic behaviour might be evolutionary advantages
for social animals, such as early humans. 

> If I remember correctly, quantum mechanics consists of a wavefunction,
> with two processes acting on it. The first process has been called
> 'Unitary Evolution' (or 'U'), is governed by Schroedinger's equation
> and is well known. The second process, called various things such as
> 'collapse of the wavefunction' or 'state vector reduction' (or 'R'),
> and is more mysterious. It is usually said to occur when a
> 'measurement' takes place, although nobody seems to know precisely
> when that occurs. When it does occur, the effect of R is to abruptly
> change the wavefunction.

If minds are required for this, does this mean that until human
minds came to the scene, wavefunctions never collapsed, but remained
in the superpositions for aeons? My, how powerful we are.

This has been discussed before, and I think this topic is irrelevant,
since we do not agree that minds are necessary, and neither do
physicists. 

> Anyway, I'm speculating that minds would be in part X. There seems to
> be some link between consciousness and R, in that we never see linear
> superpositions of anything, although there are alternative
> explainations for this. I've no idea how a brain is supposed to access
> part X, but since this is only speculation, that won't matter too
> much :-) My main point is that there might be a place for minds in
> physics.

I agree, but not in the sense you apparently mean above - physics
needs sharp minds to solve many real problems. ;-)

> I'll go back to my nice padded cell now, if that's OK with you :-)

It's OK, if you don't forget to take with you the references I
wrote about in my previous posting, plus the following:

Kalat, James W. (1988): Biological Psychology.
3rd ed., Wadsworth Publishing Company, Belmont, CA 1988.

Skarda, C. (1985): Explaining behavior: Bringing the brain back in.
Inquiry 29:187-202.

Skarda, C. & Freeman, W. (1987): How brains make chaos in order to
make sense of the world. 
Behavioral and Brain Sciences 10:161-173.

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53500
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Consciousness part II - Kev Strikes Back!

Scott D. Sauyet (SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu) wrote:
> In <1993Apr21.163848.8099@cs.nott.ac.uk> 
> Kevin Anthony (kax@cs.nott.ac.uk) writes:

> > Firstly, I'm not impressed with the ability of algorithms. They're
> > great at solving problems once the method has been worked out, but not
> > at working out the method itself.
>   [ .. crossword example deleted ... ]

> Have you heard of neural networks?  I've read a little about them, and
> they seems to overcome most of your objections.

I'm sure there are many people who work with neural networks and
read this newsgroup. Please tell Kevin what you've achieved, and
what you expect.

> I am not saying that NNs will solve all such problems, but I think
> they show that it is not as hard as you think to come up with
> mechanical models of consciousness.

Indeed. I think dualism is a non-solution, or, as Dennett recently
put it, a dead horse. 

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53501
From: kax@cs.nott.ac.uk (Kevin Anthoney)
Subject: Re: Consciousness part II - Kev Strikes Back!

In article <1993Apr17.045559.12900@ousrvr.oulu.fi>
kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko) writes:

>Kevin Anthoney (kax@cs.nott.ac.uk) wrote:
>
>: This post is probably either brilliant or insane. Do let me know
>: which... :-)
>
>A brilliant example of using the introspective objection against 
>materialist theories of consciousness.

Diplomatic :-)

I realize I'm fighting Occam's razor in this argument, so I'll try to
explain why I feel a mind is necessary. 

Firstly, I'm not impressed with the ability of algorithms. They're
great at solving problems once the method has been worked out, but not
at working out the method itself.

As a specific example, I like to solve numerical crosswords (not the
simple do-the-sums-and-insert-the-answers type, the hard ones.) To do
these with any efficiency, you need to figure out a variety of tricks.
Now, I know that you can program a computer to do these puzzles, but
in doing so you have to work out the tricks _yourself_, and program
them into the computer. You can, of course, 'obfuscate' the trick, and
write the program so that it is uncovered, but as far as I can see,
the trick still has to be there in some form to be discovered. Does
this mean that all the ideas we will ever have are already
pre-programmed into our brains? This is somewhat unlikely, given that
our brains ultimately are encoded in 46 chromosomes worth of genetic
material, much of which isn't used.

One way around this is to bring the environment into the equation, but
(again, as far as I can see) this still has an air of 'if you see
object X, then perform action Y,' and we don't seem to get anywhere.
The algorithm has to anticipate what it might see, and what
conclusions to draw from it's experience.

The other problem with algorithms is their instability. Not many
algorithms survive if you take out a large portion of their code, yet
people survive strokes without going completely haywire (there are
side-effects, but patients still seem remarkably stable.) Also,
neurons in perfectly healthy people are dying at an alarming rate -
can an algorithm survive if I randomly corrupt various bits of it's
code?

The next problem is the sticky question of "What is colour?" (replace
'colour' with the sensation of your choice.) Presumably, the
materialist viewpoint is that it's the product of some kind of
chemical reaction. The usual products of such a reaction are energy +
different chemicals. Is colour a mixture of these? If this is so, a
computer won't see colour, because the chemistry is different. Does an
algorithm that sees colour have a selective advantage over an
equivalent that doesn't? It shouldn't, because the outputs of each
algorithm ought to be the same in equivalent circumstances. So why do
we see colour?


>
>However, such a view is actually a nonsolution. How should minds be
>able to act as observers, feel pain and pleasure and issue
>commands any better than the brain? Moreover, how do the interactions
>occur?

A bit of idle speculation...

If I remember correctly, quantum mechanics consists of a wavefunction,
with two processes acting on it. The first process has been called
'Unitary Evolution' (or 'U'), is governed by Schroedinger's equation
and is well known. The second process, called various things such as
'collapse of the wavefunction' or 'state vector reduction' (or 'R'),
and is more mysterious. It is usually said to occur when a
'measurement' takes place, although nobody seems to know precisely
when that occurs. When it does occur, the effect of R is to abruptly
change the wavefunction.

I envisage R as an interaction between the wavefunction and 'something
else,' which I shall imaginitively call 'part X.' It seems reasonable
to assume that _something_ causes R, although that something might be
the wavefunction itself (in which case, part X is simply the
wavefunction. Note, though, that we'd need more than U to explain R.)

Anyway, I'm speculating that minds would be in part X. There seems to
be some link between consciousness and R, in that we never see linear
superpositions of anything, although there are alternative
explainations for this. I've no idea how a brain is supposed to access
part X, but since this is only speculation, that won't matter too
much :-) My main point is that there might be a place for minds in
physics.

I'll go back to my nice padded cell now, if that's OK with you :-)

>
>
>Petri

-- 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kevin Anthoney                                         kax@cs.nott.ac.uk
            Don't believe anything you read in .sig files.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53502
From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4963@eastman.UUCP>, dps@nasa.kodak.com (Dan Schaertel,,,)
wrote:
> 
> 
> The life , death, and resurection of Christ is documented historical fact. 

Not by any standard of history I've seen. Care to back this up, sans the
lies apologists are so fond of?

> However all the major events of the life
> of Jesus Christ were fortold hundreds of years before him.  Neat trick uh?

Not really. Most of the prophesies aren't even prophesies. They're prayers
and comments taken from the Torah quite out of context. Seems Xians started
lying right from the beginning.

> 
> There is no way to get into a sceptical heart.  You can not say you have given a 
> sincere effort with the attitude you seem to have.

My we're an arrogant ass, aren't we?

> You must TRUST, not just go 
> to church and participate in it's activities. 

You're wrong to think we haven't. The trust was in something that doesn't
exist.

> Were you ever willing to die for what
> you believed?  

I'm still willing to die for what I believe and don't believe. So were the
loonies in Waco. So what? 

Besides, the point's not to die for what one believes in. The point's to
make that other sorry son-of-a-bitch to die for what *he* believes in!   :)

Doesn't anyone else here get tired of these cretins' tirades?

Peter the Damed, and damned proud of it!

Don't forget to sing:
            They say there's a heaven for those who will wait
                Some say it's better, but I say it ain't
        I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
                     The sinners are much more fun
                         Only the good die young!

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53503
From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: Cults Vs. Religions?

In article <1r4bfe$7hg@aurora.engr.LaTech.edu>, ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill
Ray) wrote:
> 
> James Thomas Green (jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu) wrote:
> 
> :  
> : So in conclusion it can be shown that there is essentially no
> : logical argument which clearly differentiates a "cult" from a
> : "religion".  I challenge anyone to produce a distinction which
> : is clear and can't be easily knocked down.  
> 
> How about this one: a religion is a cult which has stood the test
> of time.

Or a religion is a cult that got co-opted by people who are better at
compartmentalizing their irrationality.

Peter

Don't forget to sing:
            They say there's a heaven for those who will wait
                Some say it's better, but I say it ain't
        I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
                     The sinners are much more fun
                         Only the good die young!

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53504
From: mccullou@snake10.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

In article <930421.121209.0e2.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
>jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>> The problem with most peace-niks it they consider those of us who are
>> not like them to be "bad" and "unconscionable".  I would not have any
>> argument or problem with a peace-nik if they held to their ideals and
>> stayed out of all conflicts or issues, especially those dealing with 
>> the national defense.  But no, they are not willing to allow us to
>> legitimately hold a different point-of-view.  They militate and 
>> many times resort to violence all in the name of peace.
>
><Yawn>  Another right-wing WASP imagining he's an oppressed minority. 
>Perhaps Camille Paglia is right after all.

Personal attacks?  

>"I would not have any argument or problem with a peace-nik if they [...]
>stayed out of all conflicts or issues"?  I bet you wouldn't.  You'd love it. 

Deliberate misinterpretation of a persons statement?  (By cutting out
the part of the statement, he tries to blunt the thrust of the sentence.
He never addresses the issue of extreemist peace people not holding true
to their ideals.)

>But what makes you think that sitting back, saying nothing about defense
>issues, and letting people like you make all the decisions is anything to do
>with "their ideals"?

Ignoring the challenge?  (He ignores the challenge that extreemists for
peace tend to be quite insistent that everyone accept their ideals for
the world, and have even turned quite violent.  (Witness, Chicago, summer
1968)).

>
>mathew

Paranoia?  (He assumes that anyone who argues against his viewpoint must
"masturbate over Guns'N'Ammo.")

Fire up the Oven, it isn't hot enough!

-- 
***************************************************************************
* mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu * Never program and drink beer at the same *
* M^2                          *  time.  It doesn't work.                 *
***************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53505
From: mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

In article <37501@optima.cs.arizona.edu> sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed) writes:
>This is the most unmitigated bilge I've seen in a while. Jim Brown obviously
>has possession of the right-wing token.
>
>> Diplomatic alternatives, including sanctions, were ineffective.
>
>"In December, former national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski told a
>Senate committee that sanctions were costing Iraq $100 million per day, and
>that the multinational coalition could take all the time in the world.
>Iraq, he suggested, was losing badly every day it defied the UN demands,
>while the community of nations won every day -- with no taking of life or
>loss of life."  -- FCNL Washington Newsletter.

As I understand, that number is deceptive.  The reason is that the money
cost was in non-oil sales for the most part.  Iraq still is not allowed
to sell oil, or do many of the things under the initial sanctions, but
is still surviving.

>> And BTW, the reason I brought up the blanket-bombing in Germany was 
>> because you were bemoaning the Iraqi civilian casualties as being 
>> "so deplorable".  Yet blanket bombing was instituted because bombing 
>> wasn't accurate enough to hit industrial/military targets in a 
>> decisive way by any other method at that time.  But in the Gulf War, 
>> precision bombing was the norm.
>
>BULLSHIT!!! In the Gulf Massacre, 7% of all ordnance used was "smart." The
>rest - that's 93% - was just regular, dumb ol' iron bombs and stuff. Have
>you forgotten that the Pentagon definition of a successful Patriot launch
>was when the missile cleared the launching tube with no damage? Or that a
>successful interception of a Scud was defined as "the Patriot and Scud
>passed each other in the same area of the sky"?

Of the ~93% (I have heard figures closer to 80%, but I won't quibble your
figures), most was dropped in carpet bombing of regions only occupied by
enemy troops.  A B-52 drops a lot of bombs in one sortie, and we used them
around the clock.  Not to mention other smaller aircraft using dumb
munitions.  

2.  The Patriot uses a proximity fuse.  The adjusted figures for number
of Patriot kills of SS-1 derivitives is ~60-70%.  That figure came
not from some fluke in the Pentagon, but a someone working with such
stuff in another part of DoD.

3.  The statement precision bombing was the norm, is true around areas
where civilians were close to the target.  We dropped by tonnage very
little bombs in populated regions, explaining the figures.  

>And of the 7% that was the "smart" stuff, 35% hit. Again - try to follow me
>here - that means 65% of this "smart" arsenal missed.

This figure, is far below all the other figures I have seen.  If it
is indeed accurate, then how do you explain the discrepancy between
that figure, and other figures from international organizations?
Most figures I have seen place the hit ratio close to 70%, which is 
still far higher than your 35%.  Or does your figure say a bomb
missed if the plane took off with it, and the bomb never hit the target,
regardless of whether or not the bomb was dropped?  Such methods
are used all the time to lie with statistics.

>>                                                       The stories
>> of "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi civilian dead is just plain bunk.
>
>Prove it. I have a source that says that to date, the civilian death count
>(er, excuse me, I mean "collateral damage") is about 200,000.

I have _never_ seen any source that was claiming such a figure.  Please
post the source so its reliability can be judged.  



-- 
***************************************************************************
* mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu * Never program and drink beer at the same *
* M^2                          *  time.  It doesn't work.                 *
***************************************************************************

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53506
From: pauld@verdix.com (Paul Durbin)
Subject: Re: DAVID CORESH IS! GOD!

On one of the morning shows (I think is was the Today Show), David Koresh's
lawyer was interviewed. During that interview he flipped through some letters
that David Koresh wrote. On one of letters was written in Hebrew (near the
bottom of the page):

  koresh adonai

Did anyone else see that? What could this mean by him (David) writing this?

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53509
From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: It's all Mary's fault!

dfuller@portal.hq.videocart.com (Dave Fuller) writes:
>   Nice attempt Chris . . . verrry close.
> 
>   You missed the conspiracy by 1 step. Joseph knew who knocked her up.
> He couldn't let it be known that somebody ELSE got ol' Mary prego. That
> wouldn't do well for his popularity in the local circles. So what 
> happened is that she was feeling guilty, he was feeling embarrassed, and
> THEY decided to improve both of their images on what could have otherwise
> been the downfall for both. Clever indeed. Come to think of it . . . I
> have gained a new respect for the couple. Maybe Joseph and Mary should
> receive all of the praise being paid to jesus.

Lucky for them that the baby didn't have any obvious deformities!  I could
just see it now: Mary gets pregnant out of wedlock so to save face she and
Joseph say that it was God that got her pregnant and then the baby turns
out to be deformed, or even worse, stillborn!  They'd have a lot of
explaining to do.... :-)

> Dave "Buckminster" Fuller
> How is that one 'o keeper of the nicknames ?

Nanci
.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
Life does not cease to be funny when people die, any more than it ceases to
be serious when people laugh.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53510
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re:  Islam And Scientific Predictions (was

In article <C5L1Fv.H9r@ra.nrl.navy.mil> khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil (Umar Khan) writes:
>How would a man of 7th Century Arabia have known
>what *not to include* in the Holy Qur'an (assuming he had authored
>it)?  
>

  So now we're judging the Qur'an by what's not in it?  

  How many mutton headed arguments am I going to have to wade
  through today?

>Lots of other books have been written on this subject.  Those
>books can speak far more eloquently than I.

  One would hope.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53512
From: jmunch@hertz.elee.calpoly.edu (John Munch)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr15.212943.15118@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:
>P.S. I'm not sure about this but I think the charge of "shatim" also
>applies to Rushdie and may be encompassed under the umbrella
>of the "fasad" ruling.

Please define the words "shatim" and "fasad" before you use them again.

/---- John David Munch ------------------ jmunch@hertz.elee.calpoly.edu ----\
|...." the heart can change, be full of hate, or love. If people are allowed|
|to base their lives through their hearts, anything can happen. A dangerous |
|situation, in my opinion." -Bobby Mozumder describing problems with atheism|

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53515
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <1993Apr15.163317.20805@cs.nott.ac.uk> eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (C.Wainwright) writes:
>In article <115437@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
>|> The authorities I am referring to is the authority of the world
>|> Islamic community over itself. My point was simply that Islamic
>|> law does apply to muslims wherever they are despite the fact that 
>|> Islamic law may not be enforcable in non-Islamic countries.

>Muslims residing in the UK may decide to be 'tried' (or whatever) by the
>Islamic community, but their rulings have no legal consequences in these
>isles.  

It's not really their _decision_ to be tried. The rulings _do_ have
legal consequences, but only in Islamic law and not in UK law (this
should be obvious). Enforcing a judgment is distinct from the making
of a judgment. Take for example the judgments of the World Court. This
is an internationally recognized tribunal whose judgments often have no
physical or economic effect but which _are_ important despite the fact
that their judgments cannot be enforced

>The person may be excommunicated (or similar) but if it decided to 
>mete out violent laws such as the fatwa then it would be breaking UK laws
>itself, and the persons doing such would be liable to prosecution. 


Of course, have you read any of this thread before this post? 


> To ignore
>the country's laws in preference to religious laws which are not indigenous
>to the country in question is an absurd and arrogant notion.

Of course, it is a sort of anarchism. Anarchism is explicitly against
Islam. Thank you for your well reasoned response, but it is beside the
points I've been making in this thread. 


Gregg



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53518
From: kutluk@ccl.umist.ac.uk (Kutluk Ozguven)
Subject: Re: Jewish Settlers Demolish a Mosque in Gaza

In <C5IwxM.G0z@news.chalmers.se> d9bertil@dtek.chalmers.se (Bertil Jonell) writes:

>In article <kutluk.734797558@ccl.umist.ac.uk> kutluk@ccl.umist.ac.uk (Kutluk Ozguven) writes:
>>Atheists are not
>>mentioned in the Quran because from a Quranic point of view, and a
>>minute's reasoning, one can see that there is no such thing.

>  But there are people who say that they are Atheists. If they aren't Atheists,
>what are they?

When the Quran uses the word *din* it means way of individual thinking, behaving,
communal order and protocols based on a set of beliefs. This is often
interpreted as the much weaker term religion. 

The atheists are not mentioned in the Quran along with Jews,
Mushriqin, Christians, etc. because the  latter are all din. To have a
din you need a set of beliefs, assumptions, etc, to forma a social
code. For example the Marxist have those, such as History, Conflict,
etc. That they do not put idols (sometimes they did) to represent
those assuptions  does not mean they are any different from the other
Mushriq, or roughly polytheists. 

There cannot be social Atheism, because when there is a community,
that community needs common ideas or standard beliefs to coordinate 
the society. When they inscribe assumptions, say Nation, or "Progress is 
the natural consequence of Human activity" or "parlamentarian
democracy is doubtlessly the best way of government", however 
they individually insist they do not have gods, from the Quranic point
of view they do. Therefore by definition, atheism does not exist. 
"We are a atheist society" in fact means "we reject the din other than
ours". 

Atheism can only exist when people reject all the idols/gods/dogmas/
suppositions/.. of the society that they part, and in that case that
is a personal deviation of belief, and Quran tells about such
deviations and disbelief. But as I mentioned, from a Quranic point of
looking at things, there is no Atheism in the macro level. 

I think it took more than one minute.

Kutluk

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53519
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Nostalgia


  The recent rise of nostalgia in this group, combined with the
  incredible level of utter bullshit, has prompted me to comb
  through my archives and pull out some of "The Best of Alt.Atheism"
  for your reading pleasure.  I'll post a couple of these a day
  unless group concensus demands that I stop, or I run out of good
  material.

  I haven't been particularly careful in the past about saving
  attributions.  I think the following comes from John A. Johnson,
  but someone correct me if I'm wrong.  This is probably the longest
  of my entire collection.

________________________________________________________


                                  So that the
                                  Prophecy be
                                   Fulfilled

                                     * * *

       In considering the Christian religion, and judging it
according to its claims, it is important to look at its claims at
fulfilling earlier Jewish prophecy.  The scribe Matthew is perhaps
the most eager to draw out what he thinks are prophetic answers in
the career of Jesus of Nazareth.  As you will see, Matthew's main
strategy is to take various Old Testament passages, often not even
about the promised Messiah, and apply them to the circumstances in
the New Testament.  We must also bear in mind the question of the
authenticity of the accounts.  Since the gospels were written at
least 35 years after Jesus was executed, we do not know how much
happened exactly as stated.  But, for purposes of analysis, we
will take particular claims at face value.

Immanuel:

       We begin, of course, at the beginning.

       (Mt 1.21-22):  "[Mary] will bear a son, and you,
       Joseph, will name him 'Jesus' (which means G'd is
       salvation), for he will save his people from their
       sins."  All this happened to fulfil what the lord had
       spoken by a prophet:

       [Isaiah 7.1-16]:  In the days of Ahaz (c. 750 BCE),
       king of Judah, Rezin of Syria and Pekah of Israel made
       war on Jerusalem (capitol of Judah), but could not
       quite conquer it.  When the house of David (i.e. Ahaz
       and his court in Judah) were told of this, ...its
       heart and the heart of its people shook...   And, the
       lord G'd said to Isaiah, "go to meet with Ahaz..." 
       ...And the lord spoke to Ahaz (through prophet Isaiah,
       naturally) saying, "Ask a sign of G'd your lord.  It
       can be as deep as Sheol or as high as heaven."  But,
       Ahaz said, "I won't ask; I will not put the lord to a
       test."  Then (Isaiah) said, "Hear then, O house of
       David.  Is it not enough for you to weary men, that
       you must weary my god too?  Therefore, the lord
       himself will give you a sign:  Behold, a young woman
       is with child and will bear a son, and name him
       "Immanuel," which means, "G'd is with us."   He will
       eat curds and honey when he knows how to refuse evil
       and choose good.  For, before the child knows how to
       refuse evil and choose good, the land of the two kings
       you dread will have been deserted...

Matthew homes in on just the sentence that is in italics. 
Further, he the Hebrew word "almah," (young woman), as
specifically, "virgin."  But, this is not a prophecy about the
Messiah.  It is not a prophecy about an event to happen 750 years
later.  It is not a prophecy about a virgin (bethulah) mother.  In
short, it not about Jesus.  Matthew has made use of a verse out of
context, and tries to make it fit the specific case of Mary.  It
should be noted that if we want to read the prophecy in a general
manner, a very general one, it can be made to fit Mary.  Mary,
virgin or not, was indeed a young woman with child.  Of course,
the fit is shady and has problems.  Jesus, while thought of by
later Christians to be G'd walking among men, was never called by
the name, Immanuel.  If Christianity wished to claim this prophecy
for Jesus, it becomes at best a cut-and-paste prophecy... a second
class prophecy.   Not too convincing.

Egypt:

       After Jesus's birth in Bethlehem, Matthew tells about a
quick (and elsewhere unmentioned) excursion to Egypt, as if he
wishes to liken Jesus to Moses.  This was done to escape an
alleged infanticidal rampage of the king, Herod.

       [Mt 2.15]  ...and remained there until the death of
       Herod.  This was to fulfil what the lord had spoken:
       "Out of Egypt I have cal-led my son."


What the lord really said was this.

       [Hosea 11.1]  When Israel was a child, I loved him. 
       And, out of Egypt I called my son.  The more I called
       them (my people), the more they went from me; they
       kept sacrificing to the Ba'als, and kept burning
       incense to idols.

Matthew conveniently omits the rest of Hosea's oracle.  But, it
was indeed Israel that, once called out of Egypt, wanted to
return.  This is history.  Jesus is certainly not being spoken of
here.  And, if we are to draw some kind of parallel here, we wind
up with a Jesus that flees and resists G'd.   Again, this prophecy
is just not as convincing as Matthew probably had hoped.

Rachel Weeps:

        While Jesus is off vacationing in Egypt, Matthew says that
King Herod sought to kill him, and thus ordered the executions of
all young male children.  Matthew then writes,

       [Mt 2.17-18]   By this, that which was spoken by the
       prophet Jeremiah was fulfilled:

       "A voice was heard in Ramah, wailing and loud
       lamentation-- Rachel weeping for her children;
       she refused to be consoled, because they were
       no more."   

The reference is to a passage in Jeremiah 31.15, referring to the
carrying off of Israel into exile by Sargon (of Assyria) in 722
BCE.  Rachel, the ancestor of the major tribes of Israel, Ephraim,
and Manasseh, is said to weep for her descendants who are "no
more."  It is metaphorical, of course, since Rachel lived and dies
before the Hebrews were even in the Egyptian exile.
       It is interesting to note that it was Leah, not Rachel, who
was the ancestor of the Judeans (the land where Jesus and
Bethlehem were).  If anyone should do weeping for her "children,"
it is Leah.  The only connexion that Rachel has with Bethlehem is
that the legends have it that she was buried north of the city,
"on the way to Ephrath, (Bethlehem)."
       As for Herod and his infanticide, it is rather unlikely
that such an event actually occurred.  One never knows, but the
event is not mentioned or alluded to anywhere else in the Bible,
nor is it mentioned in any of the secular records of the time. 
Herod was particularly unliked in his reign, and many far less
evil deeds of Herod were carefully recorded.  This might be a
prime example of how events were added to Jesus's life to enhance
the message of the church's gospel.
       Because of the whole story's similarity to the tale of the
infant Moses in Egypt, it is highly likely that it is a device set
up by Matthew to add prophetic, yet artificial, approval of Jesus.
It is not surprising that Matthew conveniently neglects to mention
the rest of the Jeremiah quote.   The "children" the prophet
speaks of are not dead, but exiled in the Assyrian Empire.  G'd
comforts the weeping Rachel, saying that the children will be
returned-- he will gather them back together.  Of course, this
would not suit Matthew's purpose, as the children he speaks of are
dead for good.  Again, the "prophecy" Matthew sets up is not even
that, and to anyone who bothers to check it out, is not too
convincing.

The Nazarene:

       We do not even have to go to the next chapter to find
another Matthean prophecy.  After leaving Egypt, Joseph & wife
take the infant Jesus to live in the city of Nazareth, 

       [Mt 2.23]  ...that what was spoken of by the prophets
       might be fulfilled, "He shall be called a Nazarene."

First thing we notice is that Matthew does not mention the name of
the prophet(s) this time.  Second, we have to ask who "He" is. 
There are no Messianic prophecies speaking of a Nazarene.  Worse,
there are no prophecies, period, mentioning a Nazarene.  Still
worse, there are no Nazarenes mentioned in the Old Testament at
all.  In the book of Judges, an angel tells Samson's mother that
she will,

       [Judges 13.5]  "...conceive and bear a son.  No razor
       shall tough his head, for he will be a Nazirite to his
       god from the day of his birth.  He will deliver Israel
       from the hands of the Philistines."

This is of course not a prophecy of Jesus, or the messiah of G'd. 
But, it is the best that can be found.  Obviously, Matthew has
begun to go overboard in cut-and-paste prophecies, in that he is
simple making them up now.

Bearing our
Diseases:

       Jesus next goes around healing people of physical illnesses
and disabilities.

       [Mt 8.17]   This was to fulfil what was spoken by the
       prophet Isaiah, "He took our infirmities and bore our
       diseases."

As expected, the verse quoted in Isaiah is quoted out of context,
and a few words are skewed to fit the Christian scheme.  We have,

       [Is 53.4]  Surely he, [the suffering servant], has
       borne our sickness, and carried our pains.

From a reading of the surrounding passages in Isaiah, we know that
the prophet is speaking in present tense of the collective nation
of Israel, Jehovah's chosen servant and people.  He speaks to the
Israelites suffering in exile, in the voice of the gentile nations
that look upon it.  This image is deeply ingrained in Jewish
identity --an image of a chastised, yet cherished, Israel as the
instrument of the nations' salvation by G'd.
      The verses speak of Israel taking on the sicknesses which
are the literal and metaphorical manifestations of guilt and
discipline.  They do not speak of a "servant" going around and
healing people.  Notice that the servant in Isaiah takes on the
sicknesses and pains of the nations (and individual Jews).  Jesus,
as we all know, did not take the diseases onto himself.  The
verses here in Isaiah are not a prophecy of something to come, but
rather something that had already happened.  While it is believed
that Jesus took on the eternal punishment of hell, he did not bear
the illnesses he healed.  So, while someone might want to say
that, figuratively, Jesus reenacted the deeds of Israel in his
spiritual atonement, he has to admit that Matthew's parallel
misses where he intended it to have its effect.


Silent Messiah:

      Upon healing multitudes of commoners, it is said that Jesus
ordered them to keep quiet, presumable so that he wouldn't arouse
the attention of the local rulers.

       [Mt 12.15-21]  This was to fulfill what was spoken by
       the prophet Isaiah.   

       "Behold my servant whom I have chosen, my beloved,
       with whom my soul is pleased.  I will put my spirit on
       him, and he will announce justice to the Gentiles.  He
       will not wrangle or cry aloud, nor will anyone hear
       his voice in the streets.  He will not break a bruised
       reed or quench a smoldering wick until he brings
       justice to victory, and the gentiles will hope in his
       name."

The Isaiah passage quoted reads,

       [Is 42.1-4]  Behold my servant whom I uphold, my
       chosen, in whom my soul delights.  I have put my
       spirit on him, and he will bring forth justice to the
       nations.  We will not cry or lift up his voice, or
       make it heard in the street.  He will not break a
       bruised reed, or quench a smoldering wick.  He will
       faithfully bring forth justice.  He will not fail
       (burn dimly) or be discouraged (bruised) until he has
       established justice in the earth.  And the coastlands
       await his law.

You see, Matthew has conveniently left out part of the passage,
because it does not suit the dealings of Jesus.  Christians could
never think of Jesus failing, never would the "light" of mankind
burn dimly.  But, the servant nation of Israel will indeed come to
an end when its job is done.  When the gentiles come to embrace
G'd there will no longer be a chosen people, but rather all will
be the children of G'd.  Also, the ending phrase has been changed
from the Judaic "...the coastlands await his law." to the
Christologic, "the Gentiles will hope in his name."   While the
original proclaims the Torah law of Jehovah, the other rewrites it
to fit its strange doctrine of "believing in the name."  If one
has any doubt the servant referred to is not Jesus, one has only
to read the whole chapter, Isaiah 42, and hear about the beloved
but blind and imperfect servant, "a people robbed and
plundered..."   So, we see that when Matthew's attempt at
"prophecy" is examined, it crumbles.

Three Days and
Three Nights:

      Now we come upon a prophecy supposedly uttered by the very
mouth of the god Jesus himself.  He speaks of his crucifixion and
resurrection.

       [Mt 12.40]   For as Jonah was in the belly of the
       whale for three days and three nights, so will the Son
       of Man be in the heart of the earth three days and
       three nights.

Before any further discussion can occur, it is necessary to know
how the Jews understood days.  As far as day names went, each was
24 hours long, lasting from sunset 6pm to the following sunset
6pm.  What was referred to as a "day" was the period of light from
6am to the ending sunset at 6pm.  Thus, according to our time
scale, a sabbath day began at 6pm Friday evening, and lasted until
6pm saturday evening.  This is why the Jews celebrate their
sabbath on the daylight portion of Saturdays, instead of Sundays. 
(It seems like a real miracle that Christians didn't forget that
Saturday was indeed the seventh and last day of the week!)  Thus,
when days and nights are referred to together, 12 hour daylight
portions and 12 hour night periods are being spoken of.  Thus,
Jesus says that he will be in the grave, or in hell, or otherwise
unresurrected for three days and three nights.

      As the good book tells us, Jesus was crucified on the "ninth
hour," which is 3pm, Friday afternoon.  He then was put into the
grave sometime after that.  Then, Jesus left the grave, "rose,"
before dawn of what we call Sunday (The dawn after the sabbath was
over).  What this means is that Jesus was, using our time for
clarity, in the grave from 6pm Friday night to some time before
6am Sunday morning.  We could also add a little time before 6pm
Friday, since the bible is not specific here.  What this means
using Jewish time is that he was in the grave for one day, two
nights, and possibly a couple of hours of one day.  Certainly this
is a problem for Jesus prediction.  There is absolutely no way we
are even able to have his death involve three days and three
nights --even using modern time measurements.   We then are led to
suspect that this error is another one of Matthew's little
mistakes, and that the gospel writer put false words into his
god's mouth.   And no matter who made the prediction, it is more
than unconvincing... it is counter-convincing.

Hearing &
Understanding:

     Jesus tool on a habit of speaking to his vast audiences in
parables-- stories in which a deeper meaning could be found, if
you were already one of the elect, those chosen to understand the
message of Jesus.  He reasons that those who can understand the
parables are the ones he wants.  If the people cannot understand
them, there is no need to bother with them, since they will not
accept the "plain" message any better.  Matthew says,

       [Mt 13.14-16]  With them [the audience] indeed in
       fulfilled the prophecy of Isaiah which says, 

       "You will indeed hear but never understand; and you
       will indeed see, but never perceive.  Because this
       people's heart has grown dull, their ears are heavy of
       hearing, and they have shut their eyes so the they
       would not perceive with them, her with their ears, and
       understand with their heart, and turn for me to heal
       them."

The original Isaiah passages are part of his earlier works, his
call to the ministry.  This is in 740 BCE, when Israel is
flourishing, right before it falls under the authority of Assyria. 
Isaiah sees the good times ending, and also a vision from G'd,
calling him to bring reform to Israel and Judah.

       [Is 6.9-13]  And G'd said, "Go, and say to this
       people, `Hear and hear, but do not understand; see and
       see, but do not perceive.'   Make the heart of this
       people fat, make their ears heavy, and shut their
       eyes, so they will not see with their eyes, or hear
       with their ears, and understand with their hearts, and
       turn and be healed."  Then Isaiah said, "How long,
       lord?"  And he said, "Until the cities lie waste
       without inhabitant, and houses without men, and the
       land is utterly desolate, and the G'ds take men far
       away, and forsaken places are many in the land.  And
       though a tenth will remain in it, it will be burned
       again, like a terebinth or an oak whose stump still
       stands when the tree is felled." The holy seed is its
       stump.

Here we see that it is really G'd who causes the people of Israel
to stop listening to the prophet's warnings, but reaffirms the
promise made to Solomon's (and David's) seed/lineage.  If you read
the rest of Isaiah, you find that this is done to fulfil the plan
of G'd to use Israel as a servant, a light to the nations.  (Look
at Isaiah 42.18-25, 48.20, 49.3)
     We see that Matthew has cut-and-pasted just a little portion
of Isaiah's verse, to suit his own gospel needs.  More than that,
he has altered the words, to make it fit the people who didn't
understand Jesus's stories.  And, as we see, Isaiah's verses are
not prophecies, but rather commands from G'd to him, in the
present.   Once again, Matthew's prophecy falls flat on its face. 

     Matthew tries again to make Jesus's parables look like they
have the prophetic approval.

       [Mt 13.35]  ...he said nothing to them without a
       parable.  This was to fulfil what was spoken of by the
       prophet, "I will open my mouth to them in parables.  I
       will utter that which has been hidden since the
       foundation of the world."

Matthew really botches up here.  He attempts to quote not from a
prophet, but from the Psalms.

       [Ps 78.2-4]  I will open my mouth in parable.  I will
       utter dark sayings of old, things that we all have
       heard and known, things that our fathers have told us. 
       We will not hide them from their children, but tell to
       the coming generation the glorious deeds of the
       lord...

As was pointed out, the verses in the Psalms do not really come
from a prophet.  You might also want to know that earlier copies
of Matthew's gospel even inserted Isaiah's name as this prophet. 
Apparently, later scribes caught the error and tried to cover some
of it up.
     Perhaps the most significant part of this is that, once
again, Matthew has altered the Old Testament Scriptures.  As Jesus
has said earlier, he speaks in parables so that some will not
understand them.  The parables in the Psalms are not to be hidden. 
Further, they speak of things "known, that our fathers have told
us."  Jesus deals with things "hidden since the foundation of the
world."  Indeed Jesus dealt in a lot of secrecy and confusion. 
This is in direct opposition to the parables in the Psalms.  No
wonder Matthew had to rewrite them!   And still once again,
Matthew's artificial prophecies fall flat on their face.  But,
Christians rarely look at this.  Matthew's prophecies aren't the
only things about Christianity that are beginning to look bad.


Excuses of
Little Faith:

       In Mt. 17.14-21, we see that the disciples are able to go
around casting out demons, except in one case.  Not knowing what
epilepsy was, the people thought those with the disease were
possesed with demons.  It is no wonder that the disciples were
unable to "dispossess" the epileptic.  But, Jesus, perhaps no more
enlightened than they, is reported to have rebuked them, saying
they didn't have enough faith.   This seems strange.  Why was this
demon special?  It seems that either a true believer has faith or
he does not.  Apparently, enough faith will allow someone to move
mountains.  Of course, you will find no one, these days that can
move real mountains.  No one parts seas.  The only miracles the
Charismatics can speak of are those rumoured to happen on trips to
Mexico or some faraway place.  Major miracles are making some old
woman's arthritis feel better on Sunday morning T.V.

       And the gods, including Jesus, are always shrouded in
ancient lore and writings, protected from the skeptics in their
sacred pasts.  They are either dead, sleeping, or hiding in
heaven, with people rumouring about their imminent return and
their great miracles of days long gone.  Yet, life goes on.  

     Tales of mystics, stories of miracles-- all in a distant time
or a distant place.  Gods used to reveal themselves to men in the
old days, Jehovah too.  But, now they are silent.  All the
theologians give are various excuses as to why we don't get to see
God anymore.

       We're too lazy; we're not zealous enough; we're
       sinful; it's just his "plan"; we put too many of our
       own demands on G'd's appearance; if we had the right
       faith, if we  were willing to meet G'd on his terms...

     Yet, even the most pious of men have not seen G'd.  You, dear
reader, have not seen G'd.  Not literally, you know that to be
true. (I know that's presumptuous and bold.  But, searching your
heart, you know what I mean.)  All that we've seen religions do is
make people feel good and content about not seeing G'd.  They say
our little faith does not merit us to see G'd.  Sometimes, they
say, "See the love in these people you worship with... see the
lives of people change... that is seeing G'd."   Thus people get
lulled to sleep, satisfied with turning G'd into the everyday
sights.   But, that is not seeing G'd as I am speaking of... it is
not seeing G'd the way people used to see.  
      What we see in the world that is good, is the compassion of
human hearts, the love given and taken by men and women, the
forgiveness practised by Christian & Atheist alike, beauty created
by the mind of man.  These are the things that are done; these are
what we see.  But, it is said this is so only because everybody
has little faith.

Jesus Rides on
an Ass:

       Shortly after accepting the role of the Jewish messiah
king, Jesus requests a donkey be brought in for him to ride into
Jerusalem.  

       [Mt 21.5]  This took place to fulfil what was spoken
       by the prophet, saying,

       Tell the daughter of Zion, "Behold, your king is
       coming to you, humble, mounted on an ass, and on a
       ass-colt."

Of course, the passage quoted from Zechariah 9.9 reads a little
differently.

       Lo, your king comes to you; he is triumphant and
       victorious, humble, and riding on an ass, on an ass-
       colt... he will command peace to the nations.

There isn't all that much difference here, except that Zechariah
only involves one animal  --an ass-colt--  while Matthew reads the
poetic wording slightly differently.  Thus, he has Jesus call for
both a colt and an adult ass.  From Matthew's version, we get a
comical picture of the divine Christ sweating it to straddle two
donkeys.  This could inevitably lead to a theological,
proctological dilemma!   We find that in the account written
earlier by St. Mark, only the colt was called for and brought to
Jesus.  This indeed fits the verses of Zechariah properly, and
shows us that in Matthew attempt to use prophetic verses, he has
bungled.  Now, excluding many respectable Christians I have met, I
have noticed that while Christ is thought to have ridden on asses,
the situation is often reversed nowadays...

       Then, entering the Jerusalem temple, the priests were
angered at people and youngsters calling Jesus the messiah.  But,
Jesus replied as we might expect Matthew to have done,

       [Mt 21.16]  Haven't you read?  `Out of the mouth of
       babes and sucklings thou has brought perfect praise.'

It is more likely that Matthew made this response up since Jesus
was never one to point out such little "prophetic" things AND
since, as we might expect, the quote is in error, which seems to
fit Matthew's track record quite well.  We might ask Jesus or
Matthew, "Haven't you read?" for the source reads,

       [Psalms 8.1-2]  O YaHWeH our lord, how majestic is
       your name in the whole world!   You, whose glory is
       chanted above the heavens by babes and infants, you
       have founded a bulwark against your foes to still the
       enemy and the avenger.

The passages hardly need comment.  There is no "perfect praise"
spoken of in the psalm, and what praise is there is given to G'd,
not his messiah king, and not Jesus.  As mentioned, it seems to be
just one more case of Matthew's pen making up convenient prophetic
scripture.

YHVH said to 
my lord...:

      Jesus is said to have asked from whom the promised Jewish
messiah-king is to be descended.  The Jews agree-- it is king
David.  But, then Jesus counters by quoting Psalms 110,

       "The LORD said to my Lord, sit at my right hand, until
       I put your enemies under your feet."

Taken at face value, Jesus is denying the necessity of Davidic
descent.  One assumes he is in opposition to their answer.  Of
course, the Christian answer is that he agrees, but is trying to
make some hidden point, to reveal some mystery about the divine
nature of the messiah-king.  It's tempting to believe this, if one
is a Christian and not interested in matters of investigation. 
But, there are problems.
       In Jesus's time, the psalm was thought to be about the
messiah.  And, it is easy to see why David might refer to the
messiah as his superior.  We need only look at the scriptures
about the messiah to see that he is expected to be a great king,
bringing the Jews to times even better than those under David's
rule.  Of course, the Jews listening had no good answer, and the
passage could indeed refer to a divine messiah, such as the
Christians worship.  The problem lies in the meaning of this
psalm, an error that apparently several Jews of Jesus's time had
also made.  One must remember that there were various factions
among the Jews, often as a result of different expectations of the
messiah-king.  Jesus was apparently one of these adventists, like
his audience, who thought the messiah's advent was imminent, and
who interpreted Psalms 110, among others, as being messianic.
What is the problem, then?  Psalm 110 literally reads,

       YHVH's utterance to my lord:
	"Sit at my right hand, until I make your enemies your
       footstool."

       YHVH sends forth your mighty scepter from Zion.  Rule
       in the midst of your foes!  Your people will offer
       themselves freely on the day you lead your host on the
       holy mountains.  

       "You are a priest of the order of Melchizedek
       forever."

The word "lord" is often mistakenly capitalised by Christian
bibles to denote divinity in this lord.  But, in the Hebrew, the
word is "adoni," and no capitalisation exists.  Adoni simply means
"lord," a generic term as we would use it.  It is used often in
the scriptures to refer to kings and to G'd.  It is merely an
address of respect.  
      There is nothing in the text itself to imply that the word
refers either to divinity or to the messiah-king.  That this is
supposed to be written by David is not certain.  The title of the
psalm translates to either "a psalm of David," or "a psalm about
David."  It seems fitting to assume it to be written by a court
poet, about David's covenant and endorsement from G'd.  If the
psalm had been written by David, it is unlikely that he would be
talking about the messiah.  The idea of a perfect king, descended
from David, was not present in David's age.  We have extensive
tales of David's doings and sayings-- none of which include any
praises of a messiah.
     Many of the psalms show evidence of being written long after
David was dead, in times of the exile when G'd had put his show of
favour for David's kingdom on hold.  
     The description in the psalm fit David very well.  David was
promised by G'd a rise to power, victory over his enemies,
successful judgement among the nations he conquered.  He achieved
the priesthood common to Melchizedek in being a righteous king,
enabled to bless the people.   It all fits.
      We do not have to blame this problem on Matthew alone,
though.  Here, there is not artificial prophecy alluded to, though
his use of the scripture is rather questionable.  Still, this
event is common to the other gospels too.  So, we let Matthew off
a little more easily this time.  It is interesting to note,
though, how Matthew dresses up the event.  The earlier gospel of
Mark tells the tale with Jesus simply speaking to a crowd. 
Matthew has the Pharisees, who became the religious competition of
an infant Christianity, be the target of Jesus's question.  As we
might expect, Matthew writes that the event ends up by
embarrassing the Pharisees.  Such power is the pen.

Moses & Jesus,
Had it Together
All Along...:

       We leave the gospel story of Matthew momentarily to see a
pseudo-prophecy in John's gospel.  The gospel story of John
deserves special treatment, because it seems to be so far removed
from the real events of Jesus's career as told by even Matthew. 
But, for the moment, we will just look at one verse.  The early
church leaders founded a religion on the Jewish hopes of a messiah
king, and on an artificial extension of the original promises made
by G'd.  When constructing the history of Abraham, Moses wrote of
a promise of land and nationhood to the Jewish people.  While this
was accomplished eventually, under the rule of king David, the
Christians who came along later decided that they would claim the
fulfillment of the promise.  But, to do so, they expanded on the
promise, preaching about a heavenly kingdom.

       [John 8.56] (J.C. speaking) Your father, Abraham,
       rejoiced to see My day.  He say it and was glad.

It would be nice to tie in approval for Jesus from Abraham, but,
Abraham knew nothing of Jesus or a messiah, or anything Christian. 
I have tried, and failed to find any event in the Old Testament
which corresponds to John's little prophecy.  It is par for the
course to see St. John making up Old Testament backings, just like
his forerunner Matthew.  Many Christians know that their faith has
many of its foundations in such fraud, and it is surprising they
still cling to it.

The Potter's
Field:

      We are told that Jesus was betrayed while in Jerusalem by
one of his followers, Judas Iscariot.   Matthew writes,

       [Mt 27.5-10]  And throwing down the pieces of silver
       in the temple, [Judas] departed... But, the chief
       priests, taking the silver, said, "It isn't lawful for
       us to put it in the treasury, since it is blood
       money."  So they... bought a potter's field with it to
       bury strangers in... Then was fulfilled what was
       spoken by the prophet Jeremiah,

       "And they took the thirty pieces of silver, the price
       of him on whom a price had been set by some of the
       sons of Israel, and they gave them for the potter's
       field, as the lord directed me."

This prophecy is an utterly gross bastardisation of Old Testament
Scripture.  First, Matthew has made a mistake regarding the name
of the prophet.  It is Zechariah who utters the verses which
Matthew makes use of.

       [Zech. 11.12-13]  ...And they weighed out my wages,
       thirty shekels of silver.  Then YHVH said to me, "Cast
       them to the treasury," --the lordly price at which I
       was paid off by them.  So I took the thirty shekels of
       silver and cast them into the treasury in the house of
       YHVH.

First of all, the verses of Zechariah do not deal with a betrayer
of the messiah, or of G'd.  The deal with a shepherd, most likely
a priest, chosen to serve a function of presiding over the people
shortly before G'd would send Judah and Israel into conflict with
one another.  The word, "treasury," had been replaced by the King
James Scholars with "to the potter," precisely because this made
Matthew's quote fit better.  But, this is a blatant error.  The
correct translation of the Hebrew is indeed "treasury," which also
makes perfect sense in Zechariah's context, whereas "potter's
field" is totally unrelated.  Whether the mistranslation was
intentional or not seems to be beyond speculation.  However, given
Matthew's track record, one finds it hard to resist the notion of
intentional dishonesty.
      Of course, Matthew would have ample reason for altering the
text.  The thirty pieces of silver match Judas's situation, and if
as most Christians seem to be, the reader is willing to disregard
the contextual incongruity, Matthew might have another prophecy to
toss around.  However, the correct translation of Zechariah
directly contradicts the situation with Judas and the high
priests.  The high priests would not put the money in the
treasury.  The worthless shepherd of Zechariah does exactly the
opposite!  Of course, to the average Thursday-Night Bible student,
the "prophecy" as presented by Matthew would be taken at New
Testament face value.  To those, Matthew's work is convincing
enough.

Wine, Vinegar,
& Casting Lots:

      Then, Jesus is led away to be crucified.

       [Mt 27.34-35]  ...they gave him vinegar to drink,
       mingled with gall; but when he tasted it, he would not
       drink it.  And, when they had crucified him, they
       divided his garments among them by casting lots: that
       it might be fulfilled what was spoken by the prophet,

       "They parted my garments among them, and upon my
       vesture did they cast lots."

First of all, the vinegar offered to Jesus is actually common sour
wine, of the type that Roman soldiers drank regularly.  We find
that right before Jesus dies, the soldiers themselves give him
some to drink --not polluted with gall.

       [Jn 19.28-30]  Jesus... said, "I thirst."  A bowl of
       vinegar stood there, so they put a sponge full of the
       vinegar on hyssop and held it to his mouth.  When he
       had received the vinegar, he said, "It is finished;"

But, Matthew seems to be drawing on, not a passage from the
prophets, but one from the Psalms.

       [Ps 69.20-28]  I looked for pity, but there was none;
       and for comforters, but I found none.  They gave me
       poison for food (lit. they put gall in my meat), and
       for my thirst, they gave me vinegar to drink...  Add
       to them punishment upon punishment, may they have no
       acquittal from thee.  Let them be blotted out of the
       Book of the Living.

Of course, the sour wine offered to Jesus is done at his request
of drink.  This does indeed seem to be a show of pity.  The psalm
quoted is about David and his political and military enemies.  It
is not about the messiah or Jesus.  It is then not surprising that
we run into further problem when we see that the "Jesus" in the
psalm asks G'd for the damnation of the "crucifiers," whereas the
Jesus of the gospels says,

       [Lk 23.34]  Jesus said, "Father, forgive them, the
       don't know what they do!"

Further, Matthew misses with his attempt to create prophecy by
having gall (a bitter substance) put into Jesus's drink, not his
meat, as the psalm stipulates.

       With the "prophecy" of the vinegar faulty, we naturally
ask, "What of the casting of lots?"  This brings up the 22nd
Psalm, which deserves discussion all by itself.  Suffice it now to
say that the fact that Jesus's clothes were divided as told is no
great thing.  It turns out that this happened often to any felon
in those days.  As we will soon see, it is perhaps the least
erroneous passage of the psalm when applied to Jesus.  It does
indeed bring up the interesting question as to the quality of
Jesus's clothes.  For a man so removed from worldly possessions,
his ownership of clothes worthy of casting lots raises some
suspicions.

The 22nd Psalm:

      This psalm is attributed to David, as a lament of his
condition under the attack of his enemies.  It becomes a song of
praise to YHVH and of hope.  Taken out of context, parts of it
seem to fit the plight of Jesus at the crucifixion quite well.  We
will examine the primary passages.

       Verse 1-2:  My god, my god! why have you forsaken me?! 
       Why are you so far from helping me, far from the words
       of my groaning?  Oh, my god, I cry by day, but you
       don't answer, and by night, but find no rest.

Jesus is said to have cried the first sentence while on the cross. 
This suggests that the whole psalm is really about Jesus, rather
than king David.  Of course, the rest of the first stanza does not
fit as nicely to Jesus or his execution.  Jesus is not pictured as
complaining about the whole ordeal, he is supposed to be like "the
lamb led mute before its shearers."  Indeed, Jesus doesn't do much
groaning, even when on the cross.  He certainly does not cry by
both day and night on the cross.

       6-8:  But, I am a worm, and no man-- scorned by men... 
       All who see me mock at me.  They make faces and wag
       their heads;  "He committed his cause to YHVH.  So let
       him deliver him... for he delights in him."

This seems to fit Jesus's execution pretty well, with the
exception of the Holy messiah being called a worm.

       12-13:  Many bulls encompass me... they open their
       mouths widely at me like a ravening and roaring lion.

       16-18:  Yea, dogs are round about me, a company of
       evildoers encir-cle me, they have pierced my hands and
       feet.  I can see all my bones... They divide my
       garments among them, and cast lost for my raiment.

       19-21:  But you, YHVH, be not far away!  ...Deliver my
       soul from the sword, my life from the power of the
       dog!  Save me from the mouth of the lion, and my
       afflicted soul from the horns of the wild bull!

It would seem quite convincing, and I'm sure the early Christian
fathers who wrote of this prophecy thought so too.  Unfortunately,
this prophecy has a fatal flaw.  The words "have pierced" really
do not exist in the psalm.  The correct Hebrew translation is,

       16:  Yea, dogs are round about me, a company of
       evildoers encircles me, like the lion, they are at my
       hands and feet...

In Hebrew the phrase "like the lion" and a very rare verb form
which can mean "pierced" differ by one phonetic character.  The
word in the Hebrew text is literally, "like the lion" (ka'ari),
which makes sense in the context, and even further fits the animal
imagery employed by the psalm writer.  It is convenience that
would urge a Christian to change the word to "ka'aru."   But, to
add the needed (yet artificial) weight to the "prophecy" this is
just what the Christian translators have chosen to do.  While the
correct translation does not eliminate the psalm from referring to
Jesus, its absence does not say much for the honesty of the
translators.

       Apart from the erroneous verse 16, the psalm does not lend
itself to Jesus so easily.  Verse 20 speaks of the sufferer being
saved from a sword rather than a cross.  This naturally fits the
psalm's true subject, king David.  As a side note, we now know
that crucifixions did not pierce the hands, the palms, but rather
the forearms.  This doesn't say much in favour of the traditional
thought of a resurrected Jesus showing his disciples the scars on
his palms.  But then, facts aren't bound by our religious beliefs.

      Matthew escapes culpability this time, as he does not
attempt to draw many direct links between this psalm and his lord
Jesus.  But the psalm, like many others, was on the minds of all
the gospel writers when they compiled the stories and
interpretations of Jesus's life and death.  How much these
scriptures may have contributed to what actually got written down
is a question that has serious repercussions for Christian
theology.  It is easy to see, for those who are not faithful
fundamentalists, how some of the events in the New Testament might
have been "enhanced" by scribes such as the eager Matthew.  But,
it does less to speculate than to simply investigate scriptural
matters and prophetic claims.  So far, this has not said good
things for St. Matthew.

The reference to the piercing looks a lot like Jesus's
crucifixion.  John's gospel recount, written about 70 years after
the fact, tells us at Jesus's execution,

       [Jn 19.34,37]  But one of the soldiers pierced his
       side with a spear, and out came blood and water...
       these things took place that Scripture be fulfilled...
       "The will look on him whom they've pierced."

Of course, this is built on a passage taken blatantly out of
context.   Prophet Zechariah tells us how much of the nation of
Israel will split off from Jerusalem and Judah and go to war with
them.

       [Zc 12.7-10]  And YHVH will give victory to Judah...
       And on that day, I will seek to destroy the nations
       that come against Jerusalem (in Judah).  And I will
       pour a spirit of compassion and supplication... on
       Jerusalem so that when they look on him who they have
       pierced, they will mourn, and weep bitterly over him
       like you weep over a firstborn child.

John's attempt to make up prophecy is perhaps weaker that
Matthew's attempts.  Matthew, at least, usually excontexts more
than just one passage.  John's errors are grossly obvious and
blatant here.  It does not speak well for any of the gospel
writers, as it helps to show how the prophetic aspects of their
religion were founded.


Reckoned with
Transgressors:

       After his arrest, Jesus is quickly executed for claiming
the Jewish kingship, messiahship.   According to one version of
the gospel tale, Jesus gets executed along with two thieves.

       [Mk 15.27]  And with him they crucified two robbers,
       one on his right, one on his left.  And so the
       scripture was fulfilled which says,

       "He was reckoned with the transgressors."

Here, Mark is trying to link Jesus to a passage in Isaiah 53,
about the servant nation of Israel.  The passage is not about the
messiah, for if one reads the whole chapter of Isaiah 53, and its
surrounding chapters, one sees that the servant is a nation.  The
verses are also about what this servant has gone through in the
past, not a prediction of what is to come, in any event.  The
servant is thought of as a criminal.  This also happens to fit the
description of Jesus.  Had the passage really been about the
messiah, it still is not at all clear why executing Jesus between
two thieves would fulfill the "prophecy" in Isaiah.  Jesus would
more fittingly fulfill it with his whole ministry.  He was
considered a blasphemer and troublemaker all throughout his
career.   Locking onto a single event is a rather poor way to
steal prophecy, at least in this case, as we see that Mark could
have had made a better analogy with general comparisons.

       Mark goes on to tell us how "those who were crucified with
[Jesus] also reviled him." [15.32]  This is to be expected from a
couple of robbers.  Of course in his later recount, St. Luke
decides to change some things.  Luke tells us,

       [Lk 23.39-43]  And one of the criminals who was hanged
       with him railed, "Aren't you the messiah?! Save
       yourself, and us!"

This certainly fits with Mark's recount, which tells how the
people who crucified Jesus said, "Save yourself!" and that the
robbers did the same.  But then Luke goes on,

       But the other [criminal] rebuked [the first] saying,
       "Don't you fear G'd, since you are under the same
       sentence of condemnation?  And we, indeed justly so,
       for we are receiving the due reward for our deeds. 
       But, this man has done nothing wrong. And he said,
       "Jesus, remember me when you come in your kingdom." 
       And Jesus answered, "Verily I say to you, today you
       will be with me in paradise."

Now, this little dialogue seems highly contrived.  It stretches
the imagination a bit to see this picture of one ruffian rebuking
his fellow criminal with such eloquent speech.  We have a rather
strange picture of a criminal lamenting over the goodness of his
punishment and the justness of his suffering.   Such a man,
apparently noble and of principle, doesn't seem likely to have
been a robber.  We wonder at the amount of theatrics created by
Luke.  Of course, Luke's recount also disagrees with Mark's.  
Luke has only one criminal revile Jesus, not both.  It is easy
enough to discount the discrepancy because the account was made
up, but those who wish to believe it is all part of the error free
words of G'd do not have this avenue open.  This is yet another
example of a writer trying to take an Old Testament passage and
expand it and reinterpret it to suit his theology.  In this case,
the embroidery creates some embarrassing problems, as we have
seen.

The End of the
World--
       Mt. 24:

       Now comes perhaps one of the most extraordinary and
embarrassing passages in the New Testament.  It is found in all
three of the synoptic gospel stories, and casts some of the most
unfavourable doubt on the whole theory of Christianity.  Jesus
mentions the destruction of the Jewish temples and buildings, and
his disciples ask him about this, and about the end of the world
which he has been warning about.

       The disciples: Tell us, when will this [the temple's
       destruction] be, and what will be the sign of your
       coming, and of the close of the age?

       Jesus: Take care that no one leads you astray, for
       many will come in my name, saying, "I am the christ."  
       ...you will hear of wars and rumours of wars... for
       this must take place, but the end is not yet.   For,
       nation will rise against nation... all this is but the
       beginning of the birthpangs.
             They will deliver you up... put you to death,
       and false prophets will arise and lead many astray.
       ...But he who endures to the end will be saved.  This
       gospel will be preached throughout the whole world, a
       testimony to the nations, and then the end will come.
             So, when you see the desolation spoken of by the
       prophet Daniel, ...let those who are in Judea flee to
       the mountains.

             Immediately after the tribulation of those days,
       the sun will be darkened... the stars will fall from
       heaven... then will appear the sign of the Son of Man
       in heaven, and all the tribes of the earth will mourn,
       and see the Son of Man coming... and he will send out
       his angels... and gather his elect...
             Learn the lesson of the fig tree: as soon as its
       branch becomes tender and puts forth leaves, you know
       that summer is near.  So also, when you see all these
       things, you will know that He is near, at the very
       gate.  Truly I say to you, this generation will not
       pass away until all these things take place...
             But, of the day and hour, no one knows; not the
       angels, not the Son, but only the Father... Therefore,
       you also must be ready, for the Son of Man is coming
       at an hour you do not expect.

From this, it is clear that Jesus thought the world would in
within the lifetimes of at least some of his disciples.  He tells
them that although he doesn't know the exact day or hour, that it
will come, and thus they must be ready.  Theologians have wet
their pants in panic to find some way out of this Holy Error. 
But, unfortunately, Jesus made himself to explicit.  He told his
disciples that their generation would still be around at the End,
and that they in particular should prepare for it, prepare to be
swept away.
      There have been some who resorted to removing the inerrant
nature of the Bible, and said that the phrase, "this generation
shall not pass away..." really means "this race of people will not
pass away..."  Of course, the word for generation is used many
times to refer to exactly that, the generation of the disciples. 
It is an interesting notion that when God decided to learn Greek,
he didn't learn it well enough to make himself clear.  But. it is
quite obvious from the rest of the dialogue that the disciples (at
least some of them) are supposed to live to the End of the World. 
The charge of mistranslation is completely blown away by looking
at the Apostles' responses.  It becomes abundantly clear from
Rev. 22.7, 1 Peter 4.7, 1 John 2.18, and Rev. 22.20, that Jesus
meant exactly what he said.  The End was very near.

       For 2,000 years, Christians have rationalised this 24th
chapter of Matthew, or ignored its meaning altogether.  For 2,000
years, they have waited for their executed leader to come back,
hearing of wars, and rumours of wars, sure that He is coming soon. 
Surely He must be.  All we must do is wait.  Can you imagine how
tired He must be, sitting around up there, being holy, waiting for
just the right moment to spring?


       So, shortly after his crucifixion, Jesus of Nazareth,
(Joshua-ben-Joseph), died.   It is said that after three days, or
three days and three nights, or three periods of time, or three
eternal seconds --or three of whatever they can decide makes for
less trouble-- he was seen again, resurrected, glowing with divine
radiance.  Then the Saviour decided it wasn't in the best
interests of his new religion to stick around, and therefore
disappeared from sight into heaven.  So the story goes, anyway. 
As has been seen, there were many things attributed to Jesus when
people got around to writing the gospel stories down.  To them,
Jesus was the fulfiller of all prophecy and scripture.  We have
seen, though, that this matter is quite shaky.  But, throughout
Church history, Christians have held fast to faith, in simple
belief.  What doctrinal objections could not be solved with
argumentation or brute force, faith and forgetfulness kept away
from question.  To question and investigate has never been the
easiest way to treat matters.  Thus for 2,000 years, the
prophecies cited in the New Testament have gone on largely
accepted.  Things may well continue that way for some time. 
Pausing a moment to consider the way the doctrines of Christianity
have been accepted and used (properly or improperly) to support
wars and persecution, I suppose there is one prophecy of which
Christianity can securely keep hold.

       [Mt 10.34]  Jesus: "Don't think that I have come to
       bring peace on earth.  I haven't come to bring peace,
       but rather a sword."




Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53521
From: cbrasted@physics.adelaide.edu.au (Charles Brasted)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
>makes sense to be one.  Have any of you read Tony Campollo's book- liar, 
>lunatic, or the real thing?  (I might be a little off on the title, but he 
>writes the book.  Anyway he was part of an effort to destroy Christianity, 
>in the process he became a Christian himself.

I assume you are posting to encourage comments - how much history has
Tony Campello read?  Not much it seems. 

>	The arguements he uses I am summing up.  The book is about whether 
>Jesus was God or not.  I know many of you don't believe, but listen to a 
>different perspective for we all have something to gain by listening to what 
>others have to say.  

It is good to hear that there are a few reasonable Christians about.
If only those christian "scientists" would take note.

(In Australia there is a very strong movement, a bunch of christian 
scientists who believe that every single event in the bible is exactly
true, and that there is a rational explanation for it all that can be justified
by using the laws of physics.  For example, there are a few chaps who are 
trying to prove that the age of the universe is 6000 years old, and that the
error in conventional calculations is the result of the fact that the speed 
light has been rapidly decaying over the years, and this has not been 
accounted for. :-] )

>	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.

Or (of course), that he never existed, and the bible was a story, and was never 
intended to become a manifesto for a billion people.  Did Tony follow that one
up?

>	Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows.  Who would 
>die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  People 
>gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing 
>someone who was or had been healed.  

Millions of people have "died for a lie".  This  point is difficult to 
substantiate since it is not well defined (a great many religious arguments
work in that way), but consider the many Aztec warriors who sacrificed 
themselves to their gods in the belief that this act would bring them victory
of the Spanish invaders.  The list is endless.  The Aztecs lost, BTW.

>Call me a fool, but I believe he did heal people.
  
That is perfectly reasonable, but it is not grounds for me (or anyone)
to become a christian.  More to the point, it does not add weight to
the claim that Jesus was the "real thing".


>	Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation be drawn 
>to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact rediculous.  For example 
>anyone who is drawn to David Koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see 
>this right away.

Have you ever seen a documentary about the rise of Nazi Germany?  More to the
point, did Tony mention this?  One could hardly call Werner Heisenberg and his
many colleagues  fools, or  illogical men, their support of Hitler was based 
(I presume) upon an emotional issue rather than a rational agreement with 
his principles.  Obviously my argument is invalid if Tony thought that Hitler
was sane....

 

>	Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the 
>real thing.  

Hmmm.... I don't think his arguments warrant the use of a "Therefore..."

>	Some other things to note.  He fulfilled loads of prophecies in 
>the psalms, Isaiah and elsewhere in 24 hrs alone.  This in his betrayal 
>and Crucifixion.  I don't have my Bible with me at this moment, next time I 
>write I will use it.

This is (unfortunately) what alot of religious discussions I have had with
people result in - quoting the bible.  The only reasonable way I think
people can look at the bible is to treat the stories as some sort of
metaphorical representation of the messages that the authors were trying to
present.  If someone tries to interpret parts of the bible literally, he or
she will end up in all sorts of shit.   

Tony's argument would be perfectly reasonable for people who believe
the events described in the bible took place, but to convince someone, 
who thinks the bible is total fiction, that Jesus is real by quoting the
book is totally pointless.  For example, in mathematics you cannot say "a is
equal to b because a is equal to b".

  

>	I don't think most people understand what a Christian is.  

That would possibly explain why there have so many people being killed 
in religious wars, and why there are hundreds of different versions all
claiming to be correct.  

It 
>is certainly not what I see a lot in churches.  Rather I think it 
>should be a way of life, and a total sacrafice of everything for God's 
>sake.  He loved us enough to die and save us so we should do the 
>same.  Hey we can't do it, God himself inspires us to turn our lives 
>over to him.  That's tuff and most people don't want to do it, to be a 
>real Christian would be something for the strong to persevere at.  But 
>just like weight lifting or guitar playing, drums, whatever it takes 
>time.  We don't rush it in one day, Christianity is your whole life.  
>It is not going to church once a week, or helping poor people once in 
>a while.  We box everything into time units.  Such as work at this 
>time, sports, Tv, social life.  God is above these boxes and should be 
>carried with us into all these boxes that we have created for 
>ourselves.  	  

I think if you posted this part to alt.religion you would get more flames
than here :-).  I have never really understood why the emotional sentiments
of a stranger should be of interest to other people. 

Someone famous said that there two evils in life, polititians and churchs, one
rules by fear of the living, the other by fear of the dead.  If I am pressed I
could probably find the exact quotation.

Cheers,
Charles.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53522
From: Steve_Mullins@vos.stratus.com
Subject: Re: Bible Quiz


In article <1993Apr16.130430.1@ccsua.ctstateu.edu> kellyb@ccsua.ctstateu.edu wrote: 
>In article <kmr4.1563.734805744@po.CWRU.edu>, kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>>    Only when the Sun starts to orbit the Earth will I accept the Bible. 
>> 
>     Since when does atheism mean trashing other religions?There must be a God
                                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>     of inbreeding to which you are his only son.


a) I think that he has a rather witty .sig file.  It sums up a great
   deal of atheistic thought (IMO) in one simple sentence.
b) Atheism isn't an "other religion".


sm
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Steve_Mullins@vos.stratus.com    () "If a man empties his purse into his
My opinions <> Stratus' opinions ()   head, no one can take it from him
------------------------------   ()   ---------------Benjamin Franklin

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53523
From: vdp@mayo.edu (Vinayak Dutt)
Subject: Re:  Islam And Scientific Predictions (was

In article H9r@ra.nrl.navy.mil,  khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil (Umar Khan) writes:
##I strongly suggest that you look up a book called THE BIBLE, THE QURAN, AND
##SCIENCE by Maurice Baucaille, a French surgeon.  It is not comprehensive,
##but, it is well researched.  I imagine your library has it or can get it
##for you through interlibrary loan.
##

  I shall try to get hold of it (when I have time to read of course :-)

##In short, Dr Baucaille began investigating the Bible because of pre-
##ceived scientific inaccuracies and inconsistencies.  He assumed that
##some of the problems may have been caused by poor translations in by-
##gone days.  So, he read what he could find in Hebrew, Greek, Aramaic.
##What he found was that the problems didn't go away, they got worse.
##Then, he decided to see if other religions had the same problems.
##So, he picked up the Holy Qur'an (in French) and found similar prob-
##lems, but not as many.  SO, he applied the same logoic as he had
##with the Bible: he learned to read it in Arabic.  The problems he
##had found with the French version went away in Arabic.  He was unable
##to find a wealth of scientific statements in the Holy Qur'an, but,
##what he did find made sense with modern understanding.  So, he
##investigated the Traditions (the hadith) to see what they had to
##say about science.  they were filled with science problems; after
##all, they were contemporary narratives from a time which had, by
##pour standards, a primitive world view.  His conclusion was that,
##while he was impressed that what little the Holy Qur'an had to
##say about science was accurate, he was far more impressed that the
##Holy Qur'an did not contain the same rampant errors evidenced in
##the Traditions.  How would a man of 7th Century Arabia have known
##what *not to include* in the Holy Qur'an (assuming he had authored
##it)?  
##

    So in short the writer (or writers) of Quran decided to stay away from
science.  (if you do not open your mouth, then you don't put you foot into
your mouth either). 

   But then if you say Quran does not talk much about science, then one can
not make claims (like Bobby does) that you have great science in Quran.

   Basically I want to say that *none* of the religious texts are supposed to
be scientific treatises. So I am just requesting the theists to stop making
such wild claims.

--- Vinayak
-------------------------------------------------------
                                           vinayak dutt
                                   e-mail: vdp@mayo.edu

             standard disclaimers apply
-------------------------------------------------------



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53524
From: b711zbr@utarlg.uta.edu (JUNYAN WANG)
Subject: Bible contradictions

I would like a list of Bible contadictions from those of you who dispite
being free from Christianity are well versed in the Bible.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53525
From: bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <C5L1Ey.Jts@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>In <11825@vice.ICO.TEK.COM> bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>
>
>>  Actually, my atheism is based on ignorance.  Ignorance of the
>>  existence of any god.  Don't fall into the "atheists don't believe
>>  because of their pride" mistake.
>
>How do you know it's based on ignorance, couldn't that be wrong? Why would it
>be wrong 
>to fall into the trap that you mentioned? 
>

  If I'm wrong, god is free at any time to correct my mistake.  That
  he continues not to do so, while supposedly proclaiming his
  undying love for my eternal soul, speaks volumes.

  As for the trap, you are not in a position to tell me that I don't
  believe in god because I do not wish to.  Unless you can know my
  motivations better than I do myself, you should believe me when I
  say that I earnestly searched for god for years and never found
  him.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53526
From: william.vaughan@uuserv.cc.utah.edu (WILLIAM DANIEL VAUGHAN)
Subject: Re: A silly question on x-tianity

In article <pww-120493020107@spac-at1-59.rice.edu> pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker) writes:
>From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
>Subject: Re: A silly question on x-tianity
>Date: Mon, 12 Apr 1993 07:06:33 GMT
>In article <1qaqi1INNgje@gap.caltech.edu>, werdna@cco.caltech.edu (Andrew
>Tong) wrote:
>> 

so what

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53527
From: L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk (Leonard Newnham)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was

Umar Khan (khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil) wrote:
>I strongly suggest that you look up a book called THE BIBLE, THE QURAN, AND
>SCIENCE by Maurice Baucaille, a French surgeon.  It is not comprehensive,

>  He was unable
>to find a wealth of scientific statements in the Holy Qur'an, but,
>what he did find made sense with modern understanding.  So, he
>investigated the Traditions (the hadith) to see what they had to
>say about science.  they were filled with science problems; after
>all, they were contemporary narratives from a time which had, by
>pour standards, a primitive world view.  His conclusion was that,
>while he was impressed that what little the Holy Qur'an had to
>say about science was accurate, he was far more impressed that the
>Holy Qur'an did not contain the same rampant errors evidenced in
>the Traditions.  How would a man of 7th Century Arabia have known
>what *not to include* in the Holy Qur'an (assuming he had authored
>it)?  

This book is worth a read to get a sensible view of this issue.


The book is in two sections.  Section 1 contains a fairly reasonable
analysis of the Bible, showing many inconsistencies between the Bible
and modern science.  Well we all know that, no surprises.

Section 2 analyses the Koran's version of the Old Testament stories,
and seems, on the face of it, to present a good case showing the Koran
is consistent with modern science.  However, it was plain to me, that
this consistency was only possible by the vague phraseology of the
Koran.  Take the flood, for example, the bible is full of detail,
("forty days and forty nights", "pair of every animal", etc.), we all
know this is nonsense.  The Koran's description of the same event is
so obscure as to make possible an interpretation such as "A big river 
flooded for a few days and caused much damage".  Yes, no contradiction
but also not much fact.

The Koran might be consistent with modern science, but being
consistent due to its vagueness compared with other books of that
time, does not seem much of an achievement.

The book concludes by saying something like, the Koran must have had
divine inspiration because at the time it was written there were a lot
of (to us now) ridiculous ideas about the universe, and none of them
can be found in the Koran!  Arguing for the greatness of a book by
talking about what it does not contain seems absurd in the extreme.

The above is, of course, from memory so I may have missed some points.



-- 

Leonard               e-mail:  L.Newnham@bradford.ac.uk

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53528
From: ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill Ray)
Subject: Re: The Bible and Abortion

James J. Lippard (lippard@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu) wrote:
: Exodus 21:22-25:

:        22 And if men struggle with each other and strike a woman with
:           child so that she has a miscarriage, yet there is no further
:           injury, he shall surely be fined as the woman's husband may
:           demand of him; and he shall pay as the judges decide.
:        23 But if there is any further injury, then you shall appoint
:           as a penalty life for life,
:        24 eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot,
:        25 burn for burn, wound for wound, bruise for bruise.

: The most straightforward interpretation of these verses is that if
: men in a fight strike a woman and cause her to miscarry, the penalty
: is only a fine.  If, however, the woman is injured or dies, the
: *lex talionis* doctrine of "an eye for an eye" applies.  This is the
: Jewish interpretation, and is supported by Jewish commentaries on
: these verses.
:    This is quite an embarrassment for pro-lifer Christians, so there is
: of course an alternate explanation.  The alternative interprets the
: word "miscarriage" to mean "premature birth"--i.e., the child is born
: alive--and "further injury" to mean injury to either the woman or
: the fetus.  This is not a straightforward interpretation, it is not
: (so far as I know) supported by any Jewish commentaries, and it does
: not appeared to be supported by any other part of the Bible.

What if any, historical reference do we have to abortion at this time?  Did
the ancient Jew have appropriate reference to understand abortion? (I am
truly asking, not making a point veiled as a question).  If there is 
little understanding of the medical procedure we know as abortion, it is
not surprising the Bible makes little reference to it, as it makes little
reference to nuclear power and contamination.

While your interpretation is a reasonable one, I see no reason to reject
the other out of hand.  The King Jimmy translation says "if there is no
further mischief."  This does not necessarily imply to the woman.  I know
if my wife we expecting and someone cause her to spontaneously abort, we
would feel that a life was truly taken, not simply a process halted.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53529
From: <JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53531
From:  ()
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <115561@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) wrote:

>Khomeini advocates the view that
> there was a series of twelve Islamic leaders (the Twelve Imams) who
> are free of error or sin. This makes him a heretic.
> 

Wow, you're quicker to point out heresy than the Church in the
Middle ages. Seriously though, even the Sheiks at Al-Azhar don't
claim that the Shi'ites are heretics. Most of the accusations
and fabrications about Shi'ites come out of Saudi Arabia from the
Wahabis. For that matter you should read the original works of
the Sunni Imams (Imams of the four madhabs). The teacher of
at least two of them was Imam Jafar Sadiq (the sixth Imam of the
Shi'ites). 

Although there is plenty of false propaganda floating around
about the Shi'ites (esp. since the revolution), there are also
many good works by Shi'ites which present the views and teachings
of their school. Why make assumptions and allegations (like
people in this group have done about Islam in general) about Shi'ites.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53532
From: simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale)
Subject: Re: note to Bobby M., again

In article <1993Apr13.213527.3706@ultb.isc.rit.edu> snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu (S.N. Mozumder ) writes:

> How about people who are not religous?  Take the inner city.  There are
> many people that care little for religion.  Lot of crime.  Lot of
> murder.  This is the other end- lack of religion- that allows wrong to
> happen.

I lived in Tokyo for a year and a half, and one of the many reasons why
I intend to go back indefinitely is the freedom one enjoys when one can
walk anywhere (and I mean *anywhere*) at any time of day or night and not
feel uneasy, even if one's from an ethnic minority as I was.

Clues for Bobby (why do I bother?): (i) Tokyo is a city, and inner Tokyo
is an inner city; (ii) there is a negligible level of violent crime, and
a street murder will be a lead item on *national* TV news; (iii) the
population is almost universally atheistic.

Next time I go for a stroll around Beirut at night, I'll let you know how
it compares.

> Bobby Mozumder

Cheers

Simon
-- 
Simon Clippingdale                simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk
Department of Computer Science    Tel (+44) 203 523296
University of Warwick             FAX (+44) 203 525714
Coventry CV4 7AL, U.K.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53533
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Re: ISLAM: a clearer view

In article <16BAFC876.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
>Subject: Re: ISLAM: a clearer view
>Date: Tue, 13 Apr 1993 13:15:18 GMT
>In article <healta.60.734567658@saturn.wwc.edu>
>healta@saturn.wwc.edu (TAMMY R HEALY) writes:
> 
>>>Sorry, it is generally accepted that the rise of the inquisition is
>>>the reason why torture was introduced outside the Romanic countries
>>>at the end of the Middle Ages. In other words, the Holy Mother Church
>>>which is lead infallibly by the Holy Ghost has spread it.
>>
>>The Roman Catholic Church claims to be lead by the "infallable" pope.
>>That's why she (the RC Church) has done so many wicked things to Xtians and
>>non-believers alike.
> 
> 
>The rationale that the pope speaking ex cathedra is infallible is based
>on the claim above. The dogma about the pope is of Jesuitic origin and
>has not been been accepted before the mid of the last century.
>   Benedikt

You're right.  Thanks for enlightening me.

Tammy

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53534
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: Cannanite genocide in the Bible

excuse me for my ignorance. But I remember reading once that the 
Biblical tribe known as the Philistines still exists...they are the modern 
day Palestinians.
Anyone out there with more info, please post it!!!

Tammy

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53535
From: healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy)
Subject: getting to the point!

To all a.a readers:
     I have been asked be several of you to post a list of the SDA Church's 
27 Fundamental beliefs.  I warn you now, it's a long list.  However, I'll 
post it on Sunday.  Sabbath is coming up soon so I won't be reading on 
Saturday.  And I don't have time to do it now.
     I would GREATLY appreciate it if you would keep me in touch with what's 
going on.
     I hope all of you have a reastful and relaxing weekend.  I hope it's 
the best one so far!!

Tammy


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53536
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Smullyanism for the day.....

In article <1r8tpi$4pu@dr-pepper.East.Sun.COM> geoff@East.Sun.COM (Geoff Arnold @ Sun BOS - R.H. coast near the top) writes:

>[This Raymond Smullyan quote is too big for a .sig, but deserves posting IMHO.]

	To big for a .sig? 

	No way!


	Keith " Home of the billdboard .sig files " Ryan

	=)

---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53537
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <1993Apr21.140649.5660@cs.nott.ac.uk>, kax@cs.nott.ac.uk (Kevin Anthoney) writes:
> In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>>
>>The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
>>But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
>>you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
>>love you. ...
> 
> There's a difference between believing in the existence of an entity,
> and loving that entity. God _could_ show me directly that he exists,
> and I'd still have a free choice about whether to love him or not. So
> why doesn't he?
> -- 
> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
> Kevin Anthoney                                         kax@cs.nott.ac.uk
>             Don't believe anything you read in .sig files.
> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- 
Kevin makes a good point here, and when that theists miss all-too-often.  That
is, the belief in a diety is not necessarily coupled with agreement/love of
that diety, so really they have yet another bit of convincing to do just beyond
belief.
I guess the standard argumet goes something like: well, once you believe in
God, you know God is love, and you will choose to love him-- if it wasnt so
widely accepted and asserted it'd be laughable...

best regards,

--Adam

================================================================================
| Adam John Cooper	|	"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings |
| (612) 696-7521	|	   who thought themselves good simply because  |
| acooper@macalstr.edu	|			they had no claws."	       |
================================================================================
| "Understand one another?  I fear I am beyond your comprehension." --Gandalf  |
================================================================================

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53538
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4963@eastman.UUCP>, dps@nasa.kodak.com (Dan Schaertel,,,) writes:
> In article 21627@ousrvr.oulu.fi, kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko) writes:
> |>Dan Schaertel,,, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) wrote:
> |>
> |>
> |>I love god just as much as she loves me. If she wants to seduce me,
> |>she'll know what to do. 
> |>
> 
> But if He/She did you would probably consider it rape.  

Probably because it IS rape.

> 
> |>: Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
> |>: that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
> |>: Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
> |>: the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
> |>: know more than you do now. 
> |>
> |>Your argument is of the type "you'll know once you try".
> |>Yet there are many atheists who have sincerely tried, and believed
> |>for many years, but were eventually honest enough to admit that 
> |>they had lived in a virtual reality.
> |>
> 
> Obviously there are many Christians who have tried and do believe. So .. ?

So nothing.  It may work for some, but not for others: it doesn't give any
insight into an overall God or overall truth of a religion- it would seem to be
dependent solely on the individual, as well as individually-created.  And since
Christians have failed to show us how there way of life is in any wy better
than ours, I do not see why the attempt to try it is necessary, or even
particularly attractive.

> 
> |>: To learn you must accept that which you don't know.
> |>
> |>What does this mean? To learn you must accept that you don't know 
> |>something, right-o. But to learn you must _accept_ something I don't
> |>know, why? This is not the way I prefer to learn. It is unwise to
> |>merely swallow everything you read. Suppose I write a book telling
> |>how the Great Invisible Pink Unicorn (tm) has helped me in my
> |>daily problems, would you accept this, since you can't know whether
> |>it is true or not?
> |>
> 
> No one asks you to swallow everything, in fact Jesus warns against it.   But let
> me ask you a question.  Do you beleive what you learn in history class, or for
> that matter anything in school.  I mean it's just what other people have told
> you and you don't want to swallow what others say. right ... ?

Well, we will nerver know for sure if we were told the truth or not, but at the
very least there is a bit more evidence pointing to the fact that, say, there
was a military conflict in Vietnam 25 years ago, then there is a supernatural
diety who wants us to live a certain way.  The fact that Jesus warned against
it means nothing.  *I* warn against it too.  Big deal.

> 
> The life , death, and resurection of Christ is documented historical fact.  

This is not true.  The first two choices here (life and death) are scantily
documented, and the last one is total malarky unless one uses the Bible, and
that is totally circular.  Perhaps it be better to use the imagination, or
one's ignorance.  Someone else will address this I'm sure, and refer you to
plenty of documentation...

>As much
> as anything else you learn.  How do you choose what to believe and what not to?
> I could argue that George Washington is a myth.  He never lived because I don't
> have any proof except what I am told.   However all the major events of the life
> of Jesus Christ were fortold hundreds of years before him.  Neat trick uh?

How is this?  There is nothing more disgusting than Christian attempts to
manipulate/interpret the Old Testament as being filled with signs for the
coming of Christ.  Every little reference to a stick or bit of wood is
autmoatically interpreted as the Cross.  What a miscarriage of philology.

> 
> There is no way to get into a sceptical heart.  You can not say you have given a 
> sincere effort with the attitude you seem to have.  You must TRUST, not just go 
> to church and participate in it's activities.  Were you ever willing to die for what
> you believed?  

Well, since we have skeptical hearts (thank goodness,) there is no way to get
into us.  Here we have the irreconcilable difference: Christians glorify
exactly what we tend to despise or snub: trust/belief/faith without knowledge. 
If I am lucky one day and I happen to be thinking of God at the same time my
enkephalins go up, then I may associate this as a sign of God (it will "feel"
right, and I will trust without knowing).  Maybe.  Religosity does not seem to
be anything that is conclusively arrived at, but rather it seems to be more of
a sudden affliction...
I believe many of us were willing to die for what we believed, many of us were
not.  The question is, is suchg an attitude reflective of a _correct_ or
healthy morality.  IT would seem not to be.  The same thing could reflect
fanaticism, for example, and is any case an expression of simple selfishness.
-- 

--Adam

================================================================================
| Adam John Cooper	|	"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings |
| (612) 696-7521	|	   who thought themselves good simply because  |
| acooper@macalstr.edu	|			they had no claws."	       |
================================================================================
| "Understand one another?  I fear I am beyond your comprehension." --Gandalf  |
================================================================================

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53539
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: From soc.religion.christian



I found this little gem, I don't know if anyone has any interest/comments...


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi everyone,
           I'm a commited Christian that is battling with a problem.  I know
that romans talks about how we are saved by our faith not our deeds, yet
hebrews and james say that faith without deeds is useless, saying' You fools,
do you still think that just believing is enough?'

Now if someone is fully believing but there life is totally lead by themselves
and not by God, according to Romans that person is still saved by there faith.
But then there is the bit which says that God preferes someone who is cold to
him (i.e. doesn't know him - condemned) so a lukewarm Christian someone who
knows and believes in God but doesn't make any attempt to live by the bible.

Now I am of the opinion that you a saved through faith alone (not what you do)
as taught in Romans, but how can I square up in my mind the teachings of James
in conjunction with the lukewarm Christian being 'spat-out'

Can anyone help me, this really bothers me.-- 

in Christ,

Will


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--Adam

================================================================================
| Adam John Cooper	|	"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings |
| (612) 696-7521	|	   who thought themselves good simply because  |
| acooper@macalstr.edu	|			they had no claws."	       |
================================================================================
| "Understand one another?  I fear I am beyond your comprehension." --Gandalf  |
================================================================================

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53540
From: acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
Subject: Re: College atheists

In article <1993Apr22.062438.9412@nuscc.nus.sg>, cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes:
> nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu (Nanci Ann Miller) writes:
> : nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye) writes:
> : > I read an article about a poll done of students at the Ivy League
> : > schools in which it was reported that a third of the students
> : > indentified themselves as atheists.  This is a lot higher than among the
> : > general population.  I wonder what the reasons for this discrepancy are?
> : > Is it because they are more intelligent?  Younger?  Is this the wave of
> : > the future?
> 
> What is the figure for the general population?  The last I heard, 25% of
> Americans believe in reincarnation.  Can somebody quote a stat?

I don't have a stat, but, unfortunately, I did read generally that both smoking
and belief in the supernatural (occultish garbage) is on the rise here.


> 
> : I would guess that it probably has something to do with the ease of which
> : ideas and thoughts are communicated on a college campus....
> : 
> : So, in a world where theists are forced to contend with and listen to
> : atheists and theists of other religions some are bound to have a change in
> : their beliefs over four years.  There is nowhere to run.... :-)
>  
> Funny.  In my country, it works the other way round.  Univ life is v. v.
> stressful for most people (remember, we're an Asian population) & Xtians
> like to prey on these people.  There is nowhere to run from them ...... :-<
> 

This is very interesting.  I thing the principle is sort of the same though:
all "philosophical" ideas are generally tried out and tested mostly during
college years.  Whether the idea is christian or atheist doesn't always matter.
But I'd like to say it's because atheists are more intelligent  :)


> --
> 
> The UnEnlightened One
> ------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
>                   | 
> Tan Chade Meng    | The wise man tells his wife that he understands her.
> Singapore         | 
> cmtan@iss.nus.sg  | The fool tries to prove it. 
>                   | 
> ------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
> 
-- 

regards,

--Adam

================================================================================
| Adam John Cooper	|	"Verily, often have I laughed at the weaklings |
| (612) 696-7521	|	   who thought themselves good simply because  |
| acooper@macalstr.edu	|			they had no claws."	       |
================================================================================
| "Understand one another?  I fear I am beyond your comprehension." --Gandalf  |
================================================================================

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53541
From: Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen)
Subject: some thoughts on Christian books...

DN> I think I took on this 'liar, lunatic, or the real thing'
DN> the last time. Or was it the time before?  Anyway, let
DN> somebody else have a turn.  I can't debate it with a
DN> straight face.  Or perhaps for something completely
DN> different we could just ridicule him or gather up all the
DN> posts from the last two times we did this and email them to
DN> him.  As an aside, can you believe that somebody actually
DN> got a book published about this?  Must have been a vanity
DN> press.

I would recomend to anyone out there to visit your local Christian bookstore
and become aware of the stuff they sell.	Quite
interesting.  Most of the stuff is far from intelectual.  (About the level of
Chick pamphelets...)  If it is a common fundie bookstore, it should have at
least one section about how you should hate Wiccans, Pagans, Catholics,
Mormons, rock musicians, and anyone else who is not as fanatical as them. 
(Hate for the "Love of God(tm)"!) It is even more interesting watching the
people who frequent such places.  Very scary people.  They hear voices from
"God" telling them whatever they want to hear.  (If they were not Christians,
most of them would be locked away.  Maybe this is why Federal money was
reduced to Mental institutions by the reagan administration...	Had to get
their religious leaders out...)

"Where would Christianity be if Jesus got eight to fifteen years, with time
off for good behavior?"
	 New York State Senator James H. Donovan on Capitol Punishment

                   Alan

- "Beware! To touch these wires is instant death! Anyone found doing
- this will be prosecuted!


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53543
From: wilsonr@logica.co.uk
Subject: Re: What it means to be human? (Was: PARSIFAL)

In article <1993Apr16.001326.15820@cs.ucla.edu>, Brad Pierce <pierce@cs.ucla.edu> writes:

>...
> The bedrock of "spiritual" unreason is the belief that resonant, yet

but theology is full of reason even if it is, as we believe, based on false
premises etc etc.

> ill-defined, terms, e.g., "spirit", "transcendental", "mind", "self",
> "consciousness", "ultimate reality", "soul", "elan vital", etc. have
> meaning. Sadly, adherents of "spiritual" movements are seldom satisfied

hold on there: no meaning to "consciousness" or "mind" or "self"?!

> with this harmless illogicality; they seem inexorably drawn to a belief

what illogicality?

> in "the primacy of the spiritual and transcendental over the material
> and empirical," i.e., the primacy of pipe dreams, jabberwocky and
> illusion over facts, science and reason.

since when is, for instance, (non-behaviourist) psychology a pipe dream? 
Surely the major purpose of the science of psychology is to understand the
workings of the mind.

> All creatures, all feelings, all thoughts, all perceptions, all
> processes and all phenomena are manifestations of the mundane, i.e.,
> matter, energy, space and time. Those who believe otherwise, albeit
> some do not supplicate "God", are not atheists.

"manifestations of the mundane" sounds rather transcendental to me. In fact
"matter", "energy", "space" and "time" are well measured but mysterious
concepts. 

Does an atheist really have to believe in your reductionism or be cast out as
not following the true faith?!

Richard Wilson
Logica Industry Ltd

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53544
From: arc1@ukc.ac.uk (Tony Curtis)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is


acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery)
said re. Dan Schaertel's article [if I followed the quoting right]:


>> As much as anything else you learn.  How do you choose what
>> to believe and what not to?  I could argue that George
>> Washington is a myth.  He never lived because I don't have
>> any proof except what I am told.  However all the major
>> events of the life of Jesus Christ were fortold hundreds of
>> years before him.  Neat trick uh?

> How is this?  There is nothing more disgusting than Christian attempts to
> manipulate/interpret the Old Testament as being filled with signs for the
> coming of Christ.  Every little reference to a stick or bit of wood is
> autmoatically interpreted as the Cross.  What a miscarriage of philology.

I think it may also be worthwhile pointing out that if we
take the appellation `Rabbi' seriously then Jesus had a full
grasp of contemporary `scripture'

Mat21:42 Jesus saith unto them, Did ye never read in the scriptures...

Mat22:29 Jesus answered and said unto them, Ye do err, not knowing
Mat22:29 the scriptures, nor the power of God.

Following from this, he would have been in a wonderful
position to fulfil prophesies, and the NT says as much:

Mat26:54 But how then shall the scriptures be fulfilled,
Mat26:54 that thus it must be?

Mat26:56 But all this was done, that the scriptures of the
Mat26:56 prophets might be fulfilled. Then all the disciples
Mat26:56 forsook him, and fled.

If the books comprising the referred-to `scripture' had not
been accessible then it probably would be a different
matter.

--tony

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53546
From: johnchad@triton.unm.edu (jchadwic)
Subject: Another request for Darwin Fish

Hello Gang,

There have been some notes recently asking where to obtain the DARWIN fish.
This is the same question I have and I have not seen an answer on the
net. If anyone has a contact please post on the net or email me.

Thanks,

john chadwick
johnchad@triton.unm.edu
or

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53547
From: jennyb@carina.unm.edu (Jenny Ballmann)
Subject: Re: Another request for Darwin Fish

Darwin fish can be bought from:
--
"JOIN THE DARWINNERS (TM) Send $6 to receive your official Evolving
Fish..  wherever you want to spread the good news!  Darwinners, 6671
Sunset Blvd., Ste. 1525, L.A.,CA 90028 THE GREATEST THEORY EVER TOLD!"

Jenny
-- 
Forty years from now nursing homes will be filled with demented hackers, 
studying their blank laptop screens nicely placed on knitted quilts 
to keep their knees warm.  -K. Mitchum

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53549
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: FAQ sheet

Mike McAngus (mam@mouse.cmhnet.org) wrote:

 >By the way, news.announce.newusers has an article (can't remember which
 >one) that recommends reading a newsgroup for 1 month before posting.  
 >This makes sense because you get an idea who the players are and what 
 >the current discussions are about.

 >Am I the only one who followed that advice?

No, I spent a month just reading, too, mainly because I did not know
much about the way atheists think. I even printed out the FAQs and
discussed it with a friend before I started posting.

Alt.atheism deals with religious issues (more appropriately, lack of
religious beliefs), which are by their very nature very controversial.
It makes sense to read what is being discussed and how just to make
sure you are not repeating something others have said better.

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53550
From: aaron@minster.york.ac.uk
Subject: Re: Gulf War (was Re: Death Penalty was Re: Political Atheists?)

Mark McCullough (mccullou@snake12.cs.wisc.edu) wrote:
	[...details of US built chemical plant at Al Alteer near Baghdad...]
: However, the plant's intended use was to aid the Iraqi infrastructure.
: It is not an example of selling a weapon.  May sound nitpicking,
: but are we going to refuse to sell valuable parts that build the
: infrastructure because of dual use technology? 

	I am contending that in this case (and in the case of the sale
of pesticides by UK companies) that they knew full well that it was to 
be used for the production of chemical weapons even if that was not its
officially stated purpose.

: I personally don't think that letting Iran conquer Iraq would have been a 
: good thing.  

	For that matter, neither do I (for the reasons you state). It is the 
hypocrisy and claims the US did not help Iraq that make me angry, plus the
fact that the USA seems to believe it has the *right* to interfere where
is sees fit (i.e. has an interest) rather than a *duty* to intervene where
it is required. This is demonstrated by the failure of the US to do anything
about East Timor (and the region *is* becoming destabilised). The USA might
have done something approaching the right thing, given my reservations about
the uncessary number of civillian casualites, but for wholly the wrong reasons
and after having a hand in creating the situation.

: That in no way would affect the US later military action against Iraq.

	I did not suggest it would and it would be ridiculous to assert
otherwise. I was simply indicating the USA has previously aided Iraq.

: Intel on manufacturing techniques, or something of that nature? 

	No, apparently data (orginally from satellites although I doubt
that Iraq would have been given the raw data) concerning troop concentrations.

		Aaron Turner	aaron@minster.york.ac.uk

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53551
From: aaron@minster.york.ac.uk
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

Shamim Zvonko Mohamed (sham@cs.arizona.edu) wrote:
: BULLSHIT!!! In the Gulf Massacre, 7% of all ordnance used was "smart." The
: rest - that's 93% - was just regular, dumb ol' iron bombs and stuff. Have
: you forgotten that the Pentagon definition of a successful Patriot launch
: was when the missile cleared the launching tube with no damage? Or that a
: successful interception of a Scud was defined as "the Patriot and Scud
: passed each other in the same area of the sky"?
: 
: And of the 7% that was the "smart" stuff, 35% hit. Again - try to follow me
: here - that means 65% of this "smart" arsenal missed.

I used to have full figures on this including the tons of bombs dropped
and the number of cluster bomblet munitions used. I had heard the 90% of
the laser-guided weapons hit, which is an unprecedented rate of success.
25% of the iron weapons hit, again unprecedented. The following is a rough
estimate, but this means of the 80,000 tons of bombs dropped by US aircraft
around 56,000 tons *missed*. I'm not sure what proportion of this was
dropped of Baghdad rather than troop concentrations in Iraq and Kuwait.
Much of the tonnage dropped was cluster munitions, as were all the MRLS
rounds and many of the artillery rounds. Napalm and fuel air explosives
were also used (Remember how we were told that weapons of mass destruction
such as FAE were very naughty indeed?)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53552
From: aaron@minster.york.ac.uk
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

Mark McCullough (mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu) wrote:
: This figure, is far below all the other figures I have seen.  If it
: is indeed accurate, then how do you explain the discrepancy between
: that figure, and other figures from international organizations?
: Most figures I have seen place the hit ratio close to 70%, which is 
: still far higher than your 35%.  Or does your figure say a bomb
: missed if the plane took off with it, and the bomb never hit the target,
: regardless of whether or not the bomb was dropped?  Such methods
: are used all the time to lie with statistics.

Answering the last sentence, claimed that they had a success rate of 80%
without initially explaining, until pressed, that this meant that 80%
of the aircraft came back having dropped their bombs somewhere, regardless'
of whether they had hit the intended target, or indeed anything al all.

		Aaron Turner


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53553
From: aaron@minster.york.ac.uk
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

Mark McCullough (mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu) wrote:
: >Prove it. I have a source that says that to date, the civilian death count
: >(er, excuse me, I mean "collateral damage") is about 200,000.
: 
: I have _never_ seen any source that was claiming such a figure.  Please
: post the source so its reliability can be judged.  

This figure would not simply be deaths by bombing, but also death later
from disease (the sewer system of Baghdad was deliberately targeted) and
starvation. I believe (but when I get a copy of the latest research in
June or July) that this was the figure proposed in the Census Bureau 
report on the matter. The report was suppressed and the CB attempted to
sack the author of the report, but failed due to procedural technicality.
The author is now on permanent leave. 

		Aaron Turner



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53554
From: aaron@minster.york.ac.uk
Subject: Re: Gulf War / Selling Arms

Mark McCullough (mccullou@snake10.cs.wisc.edu) wrote:
: I heard about the arms sale to Saudi Arabia.  Now, how is it such a grave
: mistake to sell Saudi Arabia weapons?  Or are you claiming that we shouldn't
: sell any weapons to other countries?  Straightforward answer please.

Saudi Arabia is an oppressive regime that has been recently interfering
in the politcs of newly renunified Yemen, including assasinations and 
border incursions. It is entirely possible that they will soon invade.
Unluckily for Yemen it is not popular in the West as they managed to put
aside political differences during reunification and thus the West has
effectively lost one half (North?) as a client state.

		Aaron Turner
 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53555
From: cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5v2Mr.1z1@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
[deleted stuff from Andrew wrt which atheist myth is Bill re: to]
> 
> Andrew,
> 
> The myth to which I refer is the convoluted counterfeit athiests have
> created to make religion appear absurd. 

"Counterfeit atheists". Hmmmm. So, we're just cheap knock-offs of the
True Atheists. 

Religion demonstrates itself to be absurd. Constantly. Personally, if 
someone asks, I'm happy to point out how this is so. 

> Rather than approach religion
> (including Christainity) in a rational manner and debating its claims
> -as the are stated-, atheists concoct outrageous parodies and then
> hold the religious accountable for beliefs they don't have. What is
> more accurately oxymoric is the a term like, reasonable atheist.

Man, what *is* your pill wrt atheists? If you're going to make such
contentious statements, back them up! At least, READ NEWS: time-and-time
again, we've hashed out the beliefs various religous doctrines hold. 
Try debating reasonably with someone who makes a statement like, 
"...more accurately oxymoric is the a term like, reasonable atheist."
Then take a look at the responses we've given Tammy. Seem pretty
"reasonable", nay, even "polite" to me. 

[accusations of myths a-flyin']
>  
> Here's a good example of of what I said above. Read the post again, I
> said, "Acoording to ...", which means I am referring to Christian
> doctrine (as I understand it), if I am speaking for myself you'll know
> it. My purpose in posting was to present a basic overview of Christain
> doctrines since it seemed germane.

I saw your reference to "According to" in the original article.
Then you do such an excellent job of spewing dogma that, well, the
implication was pretty clear (if wrong, in this case).

[jeez, a misunderstanding. Let it go.]

[more statements to wrap this thing up]
> 
> 3) If you read my post with same care as read the FAQ, we wouldn't be
> having this conversation.

If you had WRITTEN your post with the same as care as the FAQ has been,
we wouldn't be having this discussion.

[gems about evidence deleted]

> 
> Yes, human reason does always come back to the existence of God, we're
> having this discussion are we not?

Jeez, do I have to point this out to you? This discussion is not all
instances of human reason. Therefore, your implication is false.


> 
> Well this is interesting, Truth is to be determined by it politically
> correct content. Granted it's extremely unhip to be a WASP male, and
> anything European is contemptable, but I thought this kind of
> dialogue, the purpose of a.a, was to get at the truth of things. But
> then I remember the oxymoron, reasonalble atheist, and I understand.

How lame can you get. Who said anything about the 'truth' of things?
Read the FAQ very carefully, please. Then report your findings about
where it says the purpose of a.a is to find the 'truth' of things.

And stop impressing your own misguided image of atheists upon us. It's
really pissing me off.

> 
> Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53557
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Discordian & SubGenius books, addresses etc.

As requested, here are some addresses of sources of bizarre religious satire
and commentary...  Plus some bijou book reviewettes.

---

Loompanics Unlimited
PO Box 1197
Port Townsend, WA 98368. USA.

Publishers of one of the most infamous mail-order book catalogue in the 
world.  Anarchism, Discordianism, Libertarianism, cryogenics, money-making
(legal and illegal), privacy and security, self-defense, and all kinds of
other stuff that keeps Christians awake at nights.

---

The Church of the SubGenius
PO Box 140306
Dallas, TX 75214. USA.

The original end times church for post-human mutants; a high temple for 
scoffers, mockers and blasphemers.  Be one of the few to board the X-ist 
saucers in 1998 and escape Space God JHVH-1's stark fist of removal.  J.R.
"Bob" Dobbs, God of Sales, is waiting to take your money and ordain you. 
Magazines, sick audio cassettes, and assorted offensive cynisacreligious 
material.  Periodic lists of addresses of Pink religious cults and contact
points for the world wierdo network.

Expect a slow response to mail.  Only conspiracies are well-organized.  You
will eventually get what you pay for if you give them some slack.

---

Counter Productions
PO Box 556
London SE5 0RL
UK

A UK source of obscure books.  A wide-ranging selection; Surrealism, 
Anarchism, SubGenius, Discordianism, Robert Anton Wilson, Lovecraftian 
horror, Cyberpunk, Forteana, political and social commentary, Wilhelm Reich,
Orgone tech, obscure rock music, SF, and so on.  Send an SAE (and maybe a
bribe, they need your money) and ask for a catalogue.  Tell them mathew sent
you.  I've ordered from these folks three or four times now, and they're
about as fast and efficient as you can expect from this sort of operation.

---

Forbidden Planet
Various sites in the UK; in particular, along London's New Oxford Street, just 
down the road from Tottenham Court Road tube station.

Mass market oddness.  SubGenius, Robert Anton Wilson, Loompanics, and of 
course huge quantities of SF.  Not a terribly good selection, but they're in
the high street.

---

REVIEWETTE: "Loompanics' Greatest Hits"
ISBN 1-55950-031-X (Loompanics)

A selection of articles picked from the books in Loompanics' catalogue.  
Subjects include:

 * Christian Dispensationalism -- how right-wing Christians encouraged 
   the Cold War
 * Satanic Child Abuse myths
 * Religion and censorship
 
Plus lots of anarchist and libertarian stuff, situationism, computers and 
privacy, and so on.  Guaranteed to contain at least one article that'll 
offend you -- like, for example, the interview with Bradley R. Smith, the 
Holocaust Revisionist.  A good sampling of stuff in a coffee table book.  (Of
course, whether you want to leave this sort of stuff lying around on your
coffee table is another matter.)

QUOTE:

"The fundamentalists leap up and down in apoplectic rage and joy.  Their 
worst fantasies are vindicated, and therefore (or so they like to think), 
their entire theology and socio-political agenda is too.  Meanwhile, teen-age
misanthropes and social misfits murder their enemies, classmates, families,
friends, even complete strangers, all because they read one of Anton LaVey's
cooks or listened to one too many AC/DC records.  The born-agains are ready
to burn again, and not just books this time."

---

REVIEWETTE: "The Book of the SubGenius", J.R. Dobbs & the SubGenius Foundation
ISBN 0-671-63810-6 (Simon & Schuster)

Described by 'Rolling Stone' as "A sick masterpiece for those who can still
laugh at the fact that nothing is funny anymore."  The official Bible of the
SubGenius Church, containing the sacred teachings of J.R. "Bob" Dobbs. 
Instant answers to everything; causes catalytic brain cell loss in seconds;
the secret of total slack; how to relax in the safety of your delusions and
pull the wool over your own eyes; nuclear doom and other things to laugh at.

QUOTE:

"He has been known to answer questions concerning universal truths with 
screams.  With suggestive silence.  By peeing down his pants leg.  His most
famous sermon was of cosmic simplicity: "Bob" standing on the stage with his
hands in his pockets, smoking, looking around and saying nothing.  Heated
arguments still rage among the monks, often erupting into fatal duels, as
towhether the Master consulted his wristwatch during this divine period of
Grace."

--

REVIEWETTE: "High Weirdness by Mail", Rev. Ivan Stang
ISBN 0-671-64260-X (Simon & Schuster)

An encyclopedia of wierd organizations you can contact by mail.  Space 
Jesuses, Christian vs Christian, UFO contactees, New Age saps, Creationists,
Flat Earthers, White Supremacist churches, plus (yawn) CSICOP, Sceptical
Enquirer and stuff like that.  Not just a list of addresses, though, as each
kook group is ruthlessly mocked and ridiculed with sarcastic glee.  If you
like alt.atheism's flame wars, this is the book for you.  Made me laugh until
my stomach ached.  Revised edition due some time in the next year or two.

SAMPLE ENTRY:

   Entertaining Demons Unawares
   Southwest Radio Church
   PO Box 1144
   Oklahoma City, OK 73101

   "Your Watchman on the Wall."  Another flagellating, genuflecting 
   fundamentalist outfit.  Their booklet "Entertaining Demons Unawares"
   exposes the Star Wars / E.T. / Dungeons & Dragons / Saturday morning
   cartoon / Satanic connection in horrifying detail.  Left out Smurfs,
   though! I especially liked the bit about Wonder Woman's Antichrist origins.
   Keep in mind that once you send for anything from these people, you'll be
   on their mailing list for life.

---

REVIEWETTE: "The Abolition of Work", Bob Black
ISBN 0-915179-41-5 (Loompanics)

A selection of Bob Black's painfully witty and intelligent anarchist tracts
collected into book form.  If I were this good I'd be insufferable.(*) 
Probably the only thought-provoking political book that's fun to read.

QUOTE:

"Babble about 'The wages of sin' serves to cover up 'the sin of wages'.  We
want rights, not rites -- sex, not sects.  Only Eros and Eris belong in our
pantheon.  Surely the Nazarene necrophile has had his revenge by now. 
Remember, pain is just God's way of hurting you."

---

REVIEWETTE: "Principia Discordia", Malaclypse the Younger
ISBN 1-55950-040-9 (Loompanics)

The infamous Discordian Bible, reprinted in its entirety and then some.  Yes,
you could FTP the online copy, but this one has all the pictures.  Explains
absolutely everything, including the Law of Fives, how to start a Discordian
Cabal, and instructions for preaching Discordianism to Christians. 

QUOTE:

"A Discordian is Required during his early Illumination to Go Off Alone & 
Partake Joyously of a Hot Dog on a Friday; this Devotive Caremony to 
Remonstrate against the popular Paganisms of the Day: of Catholic Christendom
(no meat on Friday), of Judaism (no meat of Pork), of Hindic Peoples (no meat
of Beef), of Buddhists (no meat of animal), and of Discordians (no Hot Dog
Buns)."

---

REVIEWETTE: "Natural Law, or Don't Put a Rubber on Your Willy",
            Robert Anton Wilson
ISBN 0-915179-61-X (Loompanics)

The author of the Illuminatus trilogy rails against natural law, natural 
morality, objective reality, and other pervasive myths.  Witty and 
thought-provoking work from someone who actually seems to know an argument
from a hole in the ground.

QUOTE:

"Since theological propositions are scientifically meaningless, those of us
of pragmatic disposition simply won't buy such dubious merchandise. [...] 
Maybe -- remotely -- there might be something in such promotions, as there
might be something in the talking dogs and the stocks in Arabian tapioca
mines that W.C. Fields once sold in his comedies, but we suspect that we
recognize a con game in operation.  At least, we want to hear the dog talk or
see the tapioca ore before we buy into such deals."

---

All of the books mentioned above should be available from Counter Productions
in the UK, or directly from the SubGenius Foundation or Loompanics Unlimited.


mathew
[ (*) What do you mean I am anyway? ]
-- 
"Dreamed I laid a toaster...  Daddy caught me in the act.  Can you take it?"
 -- DEVO


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53558
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <1r98voINNr9q@lynx.unm.edu> cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl) writes:

>> The myth to which I refer is the convoluted counterfeit athiests have
>> created to make religion appear absurd. 
>
>"Counterfeit atheists". Hmmmm. So, we're just cheap knock-offs of the
>True Atheists. 

	They must be theists in disguise.

	In any event, we don't _need_ to create religious parodies: just 
look at some actual religions which are absurd.


[34mAnd now . . . [35mDeep Thoughts[0m
	[32mby Jack Handey.[0m

[36mIf you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and your
friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be
to pretend you were swimming.[0m


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53563
From: mtabbott@unix.amherst.edu (MTA)
Subject: Atheism survey

I am doing research on atheism, part of which involves field research here
on the net.  The following is a survey directed towards all readers of this
group, intended to get data about the basis of atheistic belief.  I would
seriously appreciate it if each and every one of you would fill it out and
mail it back to me at mtabbott@unix.amherst.edu.  

First of all, I've tried to structure questions that can be answered in a
variety of ways, with varying amounts of detail; it's possible to give 
succinct answers to most everything, but there's enough here to keep most of 
you typing for hours, I'm sure.  As much detail as you want to give me (I mean 
it) is great, but it's also important for me to have as broad a base of 
individuals as possible, so even minimal responses are far better than nothing
-- it's a short survey if you just answer the questions without elaboration.  

Secondly, I hope some of the questions don't come off as obnoxious; I know that
phrases like "What would convince you of the existence of God" imply that I am
a seminary student intent on proving you all to be ignorant Godless heathens.
In fact, I'm not too sure about the existence of a higher power myself, so my
use of "God" is a question of locution rather than ideology -- it's easier 
than just repeating "a deity or higher power" every time.  

Also, I tend to use a lot of anthropological buzzwords like "belief system"
although I know some of you might contend that you don't have ANY beliefs, but
are skeptical towards everything.  I understand; but you know what I mean.
Think of such buzzwords as abbreviations for the rather unweildy phrases 
required to get the precise idea across.  

Lastly, thanks!  Please fill out as much as you can, in as much detail as
you can, and send them to me.  My research and I thank you.  

---------------

Where would you place your beliefs, on the spectrum 
	Theism <--> Agnosticism <--> Weak Atheism <--> Strong Atheism?  
Feel free to elaborate on your specific beliefs.  


In what, if any, religious tradition were you raised?  Did you ever believe 
in the existence of a God?  (Several of the following questions presume 
that the answer to this is "yes;" if you've always been an atheist, or at
least never a theist, you may have to modify the question/answer somewhat.)


How serious was your/your family's involvement?  

How and when did you start to doubt the tenets you were raised to believe?  

How and when did your "final break" with your beliefs, if any, occur?  I 
realize that this is often more of an ongoing process than an "event" per se;
whatever the case, just describe it in whatever detail you wish.  


What contact with other atheists have you had; before and after (and during)
your "conversion" to atheism?  (Certainly your involvement with alt.atheism
counts -- how have net discussions affected your beliefs?)  

To what extent do you think other atheists have influenced you in your
beliefs?  Did you come by your beliefs through discussion, through
independent means, or by some combination of the two or other means?  


Are you convinced that your beliefs were acquired through wholly rational
means (proofs of the non-existence of God, etc), or was it perhaps, at least 
in part, through other means (alienation from mainstream religion, etc)?  


To what extent do you feel you "understand" the universe through your beliefs?
What phenomena of the universe and of human existence (anything from physical
phenomena to the problem of the existence of evil in human affairs) do you 
feel are adequately dealt with by your beliefs, and where are they lacking as 
an explanatory method?  

What would it take for you to question, or change, your beliefs?  What would
convince you of the existence of God, what would convince you of the 
plausibility of God's existence, and so forth?  How dynamic are your beliefs
-- are they constantly changing; have they stayed more or less the same for
some time?  

Are you involved in a career or education in science?  To what extent do you
think science has influenced your beliefs?  (Issac Asimov claimed that science
was the new "secular religion," and that "scientists are, in a very real sense,
the new priesthood."  Do you see the pursuit of science as having a quasi-
religious base, or even a religious element?)  

---------------

This survey is intended to get data from a broad range of individuals, but
also to help me narrow down the field to a small group of people whose
ideas and histories could be very useful to me.  Would you be willing to have
me, on the basis of this survey, write you to find out more about you and your
beliefs?  If not, fine; your filling out the survey alone is great.  

---------------

Thanks again.  Feel free to contact me if you have any questions about what
I'm doing with this data, or if you have anything to say in addition to what
I've asked about above.  

	Mark Abbott
	mtabbott@unix.amherst.ed

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53564
From: simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution, now with free Ockham's Razor inside

Sorry about the delay in responding, due to conference paper deadline panic.

In article <1qsnqqINN1nr@senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU> bobs@thnext.mit.edu (Robert Singleton) writes:
>In article <1993Apr18.043207.27862@dcs.warwick.ac.uk>  
>simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale) writes:

[Alarming amounts of agreement deleted :-)]

> I made my statement about Ockums Razor from my experiences in physics. 
> Thanks for info in Baysian statistics - very interesting and I didn't
> know it before. I follow your proof, but I have one questions. We have
> two hypotheses H and HG - the latter is more "complicated", which by
> definition means P(H) > P(HG).

That ("complicated") isn't in fact where P(H) > P(HG) comes from; it's more
the other way around. It's from

  P(H)  =  P(HG) +  P(HG')  where G' is the complement of G

and by axiom, P(anything) >= 0, so P(HG') >= 0, so P(H) >= P(HG).

In a sense, HG is necessarily more "complicated" than H for any H and G,
so I may be splitting hairs, but what I'm trying to say is that irrespective
of subjective impressions of how complicated something is, P(H) >= P(HG)
holds, with equality if and only if P(HG') = 0.

> As you point out, it's a very simple matter to show P(x | H) = P(x | HG)
> ==> P(H | x) > P(HG | x), and thus H is to be preferd to HG. Now to say
> that H is as consistent with the data as HG is to say P(x | H) =  P(x | HG).
> Can you elaborate some on this.

Well, "P(x | A) = P(x | B)" means that x is as likely to be observed if A is
operative as it is if B is operative. This implies that observing x does not
provide any useful information which might allow us to discriminate between
the respective possibilities that A and B are operative; the difference
reduces to the difference between the (unknown and unhelpful) prior
probabilities P(A) and P(B):

  P(x | A) = P(x | B)  ==>

    P(A | x)  =  k P(A),   and   P(B | x)  =  k P(B)

where k  =  P(x | A) / P(x)  =  P(x | B) / P(x).

So A and B are "equally consistent with the data" in that observing x
doesn't give any pointers as to which of A or B is operative.

In the particular case where A = H and B = HG, however, we know that their
prior probabilities are ordered by P(H) >= P(HG), although we don't know
the actual values, and it's this which allows us to deploy the Razor to
throw out any such HG.

> Also, in the "real world" it isn't as clear cut and dry it seems 
> to me. We can't always determine whether the equality "P(x | H) =  
> P(x | HG)" is true. 

That's certainly true, but the particular point here was whether or
not a `divine component' actually underlies the prevalence of religion
in addition to the memetic transmission component, which even the religious
implicitly acknowledge to be operative when they talk of `spreading the word'.

Now it seems to me, as I've said, that the observed variance in religious
belief is well accounted for by the memetic transmission model, but rather
*less* well if one proposes a `divine component' in addition, since I would
expect the latter to conspire *against* wide variance and even mutual
exclusion among beliefs. Thus my *personal* feeling is that P(x | HG) isn't
even equal to P(x | H) in this case, but is smaller (H is memetic transmission,
G is `divine component', x is the variance among beliefs). But I happily
acknowledge that this is a subjective impression.

> BTW, my beef with your Baysian argument was not a mathematical one - 
> I checked most of your work and didn't find an error and you seem very  
> careful so there probably isn't a "math mistake". I think the mistake
> is philosophical. But just to make sure I understand you, can please 
> rephrase it in non-technical terms? I think this is a reasonable 
> request - I always try to look for ways of  explaining physics to 
> non-physicist. I'm not a Baysian statistician (nor any type of 
> statistician), so this would be very helpful. 

Not that I'm a statistician as such either, but:

The idea is that both theism and atheism are compatible with all of
the (read `my') observations to date. However, theism (of the type with
which I am concerned) *also* suggests that, for instance, prayer may be
answered, people may be miraculously healed (both are in principle amenable
to statistical verification) and that god/s may generally intervene in
measurable ways.

This means that these regions of the space of possible observations, 
which I loosely termed "appearances of god/s", have some nonzero
probability under the theistic hypothesis and zero under the atheistic.

Since there is only so much probability available for each hypothesis to
scatter around over the observation space, the probability which theism
expends on making "appearances of god/s" possible must come from somewhere
else (i.e. other possible observations).

All else being equal, this means that an observation which *isn't* an
"appearance of god/s" must have a slightly higher probability under
atheism than under theism. The Bayesian stuff implies that such
observations must cause my running estimate for the probability of
the atheistic hypothesis to increase, with a corresponding decrease
in my running estimate for the probability of the theistic hypothesis.

Sorry if that's still a bit jargonesque, but it's rather difficult to
put it any other way, since it does depend intimately on the properties
of conditional probability densities, and particularly that the total
area under them is always unity.

An analogy may (or may not :-) be helpful. Say that hypothesis A is "the
coin is fair", and that B is "the coin is unfair (two-headed)". (I've
used A and B to avoid confusion with H[heads] and T[tails].)

Then

  P(H | A) = 0.5  }  total 1
  P(T | A) = 0.5  }

  P(H | B) = 1    }  total 1
  P(T | B) = 0    }

The observations are a string of heads, with no tails. This is compatible
with both a fair coin (A) and a two-headed coin (B). However, the probability
expended by A on making possible the appearance of tails (even though they
don't actually appear) must come from somewhere else, since the total must
be unity, and it comes in this case from the probability of the appearance
of heads.

Say our running estimates at time n-1 are e[n-1](A) and e[n-1](B). The
observation x[n] at time n is another head, x[n] = H. The estimates are
modified according to

                            P(H | A)
  e[n](A)   =   e[n-1](A) * --------   =   e[n-1](A) * m
                              P(H)

and

                            P(H | B)
  e[n](B)   =   e[n-1](B) * --------   =   e[n-1](B) * 2m
                              P(H)

Now we don't know P(H), the *actual* prior probability of a head, but
the multiplier for e(A) is half that for e(B). This is true every time
the coin is tossed and a head is observed.

Thus whatever the initial values of the estimates, after n heads, we have

                 n
  e[n](A)   =   m  e[0](A)

and
                    n
  e[n](B)   =   (2m)  e[0](B),

and since e[k](A) + e[k](B) = 1 at any time k, you can show that 0.5 < m < 1
and thus 1 < 2m < 2. Hence the estimate for the fair-coin hypothesis A must
decrease at each trial and that for the two-headed coin hypothesis B must
increase, even though both hypotheses are compatible with a string of heads.

The loose analogy is between "unfair coin" and atheism, and between "fair
coin" and theism, with observations consistent with both. A tail, which
would falsify "unfair coin", is analogous to an "appearance of god/s",
which would falsify atheism. I am *not* claiming that the analogy extends
to the numerical values of the various probabilities, just that the principle
is the same.

>> Constant observation of no evidence for gods, if evidence for them 
>                                                ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>> is at all possible under the respective theisms, constantly increases
>  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>> the notional estimated probability that they don't exist, 

> It's important to draw a distinction between theism that could
> be supported or not supported by evidence and theism that can't.
> Given a theism for which evidence is in principle not possible,
> it doesn't make sense to say "lack of evidence" supports the contrary 
> view.

Quite so, but this type of theism is what I might call "the G in the HG",
in terms of our Ockham's Razor discussion, and I'd bin it on those grounds.

> So it depends upon your conception of this god. If it's a conception 
> like Zeus, who happened to come down to earth to "play" quite 
> frequently, then I agree with you - lack of evidence for this conception 
> of god is evidence that it does not exist. But if your conception
> of God is one that does not make falsifiable predictions (see below
> on "falsifiable predictions"), then I disagree -- lack of evidence
> does not support a disbelief. 

The hypotheses don't have to be falsifiable, and indeed in my `model',
the theism isn't falsifiable.

> [...]

> I used the phrase "SHOULD obverse". Given any specific 'x' theism 
> does not make the prediction "P(x | Ht) > 0". That's why I used the 
> word "should" - theism makes no predictions about any specific event.
> I can only say "I believe" that God did such and such after such
> and such happens, or "I believe God will" do such and such. But
> for any given 'x' I can never, a priori, say P(x | Ht) > 0. I can
> not even say this for the set of all 'x' or some 'x'. This is what 
> don't like about your use of probability. We also have no way of
> assigning these probabilities - I hold science to positivistic
> criteria - if someone cannot tell me how to measure, even in principle,
> P(x | H), then probability is not applicable to hypothesis H. Such
> is the case when H = Ht (theistic) and Ha (atheistic). For example,
> P(x | Ha) = P(x & Ha)/P(Ha). What is P(Ha)?!? How do I measure it? 

You don't have to. We don't need, in the above analogy, to know *any*
prior probabilities to deduce that the updating multiplier for the
fair-coin hypothesis is less than unity, and that the corresponding
multiplier for the two-headed coin hypothesis is greater than unity.
You don't need to know the initial values of the running estimates
either. It's clear that after a large number of observations, P(fair-coin)
approaches zero and P(two-headed-coin) approaches unity.

All you need to know is whether P(x | Ha) is larger than P(x | Ht) for
observed x, and this follows from the assumptions that there are certain
events rendered *possible* (not necessary) under Ht which are not possible
under Ha, and all else is equal.

> Baysian statistics relies upon a series of observations. But
> what if the hypothesis isn't amenable to observation? And even for
> statements that are amenable to observation, some observations are
> not relevant -- a sequence of observations must be chosen with care.
> I'm curious to know what types of observations x[1],x[2],... you have 
> in mind concerning theism and atheism.

Any observations you like; it really doesn't matter, nor affect the
reasoning, provided that there are some possible observations which
would count as "appearances of god/s". Examples of this might be
a demonstration of the efficacy of prayer, or of the veracity of
revelation.

>> But any statement about P(x | H) for general x still counts as a 
>> prediction of H. If the theism in question, Ht, says that prayer may 
>> be answered, or that miracles may happen (see my interpretation, quoted 
>> again above, of what `God exists' means), then this is a prediction, 
>> P(x | Ht) > 0 for such x. It's what distinguishes it from the atheist 
>> hypothesis Ha, which predicts that this stuff does not happen, P(x | Ha)
>> = 0 for such x.

> Theism does not make the claim that "P(x | Ht) > 0 for such x".
> Or I should say that my "theism" doesn't. Maybe I was too quick to
> say we had a common language. You said that by the existence of God 
> you "mean the notion that the deity described by the Bible and by 
> Christians *does* interact with the universe as claimed by those agents".
> I agreed with this. However, I must be careful here. I BELIEVE
> this - I'm not making any claims. Maybe I should have changed *does*
> to *can* - there is an important shift of emphasis. But any way,
> since I "only" have a belief, I cannot conclude "P(x | Ht) > 0 for 
> such x".

OK, we'll downgrade "*does* interact" to "*may* interact", which would
actually be better since "does interact" implies a falsifiability which
we both agree is misplaced.

> I don't think my theism makes "predictions". Maybe I'm not
> understanding what you mean by "prediction" - could you explain what
> you mean by this word?

I'll explain, but bear in mind that this isn't central; all I require of
a theism is that it *not* make the prediction "Appearances of god/s will
never happen", as does atheism. (Before somebody points out that quantum
mechanics doesn't make this prediction either, the difference is that
QM and atheism do not form a partition.)

Predictions include such statements as "Prayer is efficacious" (implying
"If you do the stats, you will find that Prayer is efficacious"), or "Prayer
is *not* efficacious", or "Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not
pass, till all these things be fulfilled." I don't think we have any problems
of misunderstanding here.

>> Persistent observation of this stuff not happening, *consistent* with
>> Ht though it may be, is *more* consistent with Ha, as explained in the
>> Bayesian stats post. 
>>
>> Even if Ht ("God exists") is unfalsifiable, that's
>> no problem for my argument, other than that you have to let the number 
>> of observations go to infinity to falsify it asymptotically. 

> BTW, I do not consider an argument that requires an infinite number of 
> observations as valid - or rather that part of the argument is not valid. 
> We, as existing humans, can never make an infinite number of measurments 
> and any conclusion that reilies on this I don't accept as valid.

That's fine; I don't claim that theism is false, merely that the [finite
number of] observations available to me so far suggest that it is, and
that as I continue to observe, the suggestion looks better and better.

> [Renormalization stuff deleted]

>> In the Bayesian stats post, I assumed that theism was indeed unfalsifiable
>> in a finite number of observations. Here's the relevant quote:
>> 
>> $ The important assumption is that there are *some* observations which 
>> $ are compatible with the theist hypothesis and not with the atheist 
>> $ hypothesis, and thus would falsify atheism; these are what I called 
>> $`appearances of god/s', but this need not be taken too literally. Any 
>> $ observation which requires for its explanation that one or more gods 
>> $ exist will count. All other observations are assumed to be compatible 
>> $ with both hypotheses. This leaves theism as unfalsifiable, and atheism 
>> $ as falsifiable in a single observation only by such `appearances of 
>> $ god/s'.

> Here is my problem with this. For something to be falsifiable it
> must make the prediction that 'x' should not be seen. If 'x' is 
> seen then the hypothesis has been falsified. Now, atheism is a word 
> in oposition to something - theism. A theism aserts a  belief and an 
> atheism aserts a disbelief. So there are certain atheisms that are 
> certainly falsifiable - just as there are certain theisms that are 
> falsifable (e.g. if my theism asserts the world is only 6,000 years 
> old and that God does not decieve then this has been falsified). However, 
> the atheism that is in oposition to an unfalsifiable theism is also 
> unfalsifiable. I could be wrong on this statment - [...contd]

I think you are; an "appearance of god/s" is sufficient to falsify
atheism, whereas in general the corresponding theism is unfalsifiable.

> I'll think more about it. Until then, here is a general question.
> Suppse X were unfalsifiable. Is not(X) also unfalsifiable? 

No: by way of a counterexample, let X = "the coin is fair", or more
accurately (so that not(X) makes sense) "the two sides of the coin are
different". This is unfalsifiable by tossing the coin; even a string of
heads is consistent with a fair coin, and you have to go to an infinite
number of tosses to falsify X in the limit. Its converse is falsifiable,
and is falsified when at least one head and at least one tail have appeared.

>>> This is partly what's wrong with you Baysian argument - which 
>>> requires observations x[1] ... x[n] to be made. There are simply 
>>> no such observations that have a truth value in relation to the 
>>> statement "God exists". Now, by use of your symmetry argument, I 
>>> can understand why someone would say "Since the statement 
>>> 'God does not exist'
>>   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
>>> makes no predictions I will choose not to believe it." But none
>>> the less this would be founded on a type of faith - or if you don't
>>> like the word faith insert "belief for which there is no falsifiable
>>> evidence" instead. 

>> I'll assume you meant `God exists' up there at the highlight. But by our
>> agreed definition of "exists", the statement makes predictions as I said
>> above, although it isn't falsifiable in a finite number of observations.

> Actually, I mean 'God does not exist' makes no predictions.

Oops. Sorry. Mea culpa.

> The truth of this statment actually depends upon which god you are
> refering to. But I can think of some conceptions of God for which 
> it is true. But once again I'm open to the posibility that I could
> be wrong. So give me some examples of predictions of the statment
> "God does not exist". Here is one that I can think of. If true, then 
> there would be no healing or miricles. But this can in principle never 
> be determined one way or the other. There are cases in which people 
> seem to recover and are healed without the help of a doctor and for no  
> known reason. These situations do in fact happen. They are consistent
> with a theistic hypothesis, but IN NO WAY support such a hypothesis.

We agree here.

> They are not inconsistent with an atheistic hypothesis. I can't
> think of one "prediction" from 'God does not exist' that isn't of
> this type. But I might be missing something. 

"The Rapture will not happen on October 28 1992." Said Rapture would have
falsified atheism to my satisfaction had it happened, although its failure
to happen does not, of course, falsify any theisms other than those which
specifically predicted it.

"No phenomenon which requires the existence of one or more gods for its
explanation will ever be observed." That about sums the whole thing up.

> bob singleton
> bobs@thnext.mit.edu

Cheers

Simon
-- 
Simon Clippingdale                simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk
Department of Computer Science    Tel (+44) 203 523296
University of Warwick             FAX (+44) 203 525714
Coventry CV4 7AL, U.K.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53570
From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes: >

>Tammy "See, Maddi, I trimmed it!" Healy

Well, you're going to have to practice, but you're getting
the hang of it.  Soon we're going to have to give you a new
nickname.  Try these on for size:

Tammy "Lucky Seven" Healy
Tammy "Pass the falafel" Healy
Tammy "R Us" Healy
Tammy "Learning by Doing" Healy



Maddi "Never a Useful Post" Hausmann

-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53571
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <115288@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) wrote:
> He'd have to be precise about is rejection of God and his leaving Islam.
> One is perfectly free to be muslim and to doubt and question the
> existence of God, so long as one does not _reject_ God. I am sure that
> Rushdie has be now made his atheism clear in front of a sufficient 
> number of proper witnesses. The question in regard to the legal issue
> is his status at the time the crime was committed. 

Gregg, so would you consider that Rushdie would now be left alone,
and he could have a normal life? In other words, does Islam support
the notion of forgiving?

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53572
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <115437@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) wrote:
> As I have stated on a parallel thread, I am not an anarchist, nor is
> Islam anarchist. Therefore the UK should have control over itself. 
> However, this does not change the fact that it is possible for citizens
> of the UK residing within the UK to be in violation of Islamic law.

This is an interesting notion -- and one I'm scared of. In my
case I'm a Finnish citizen, I live in USA, and I have to conform
to the US laws. However, the Finnish government is not actively
checking out what I'm doing in this country, in other words checking
out if I conform to the Finnish laws.

However, Islamic law seems to be a 'curse' that is following you
everywhere in the world. Shades of 1984, eh?

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53573
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1qlf7gINN8sn@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith
Allan Schneider) wrote:
> Which type of morality are you talking about?  In a natural sense, it
> is not at all immoral to harm another species (as long as it doesn't
> adversely affect your own, I guess).

Hehehe, so you say, but this objective morality somehere tells you 
that this is not the case, and you don't know all the rules of such
transcendental game systems...

Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53574
From: sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik)
Subject: Re: Free Moral Agency and Kent S.

In article <healta.140.734925835@saturn.wwc.edu>, healta@saturn.wwc.edu
(Tammy R Healy) wrote:
> At the time Ezekiel was written, Israel was in apostacy again and if I'm not 
> mistaken, Tyre was about to make war on Israel.  Like I said, the Prince of 
> Tyre was the human ruler of Tyre.  He was a wicked man.  By calling Satan 
> the King of Tyre, Ezekiel was saying that Satan is the real ruler over Tyre.

Tammy, is this all explicitly stated in the bible, or do you assume
that you know that Ezekiel indirectly mentioned? It could have been
another metaphor, for instance Ezekiel was mad at his landlord, so he
talked about him when he wrote about the prince of Tyre.

Sorry, but my interpretation is more mundane, Ezekiel wrote about 
the prince of Tyre when we wrote about the prince of Tyre.
 
Cheers,
Kent
---
sandvik@newton.apple.com. ALink: KSAND -- Private activities on the net.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53575
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <kmr4.1696.735588167@po.CWRU.edu>, kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
> 
> [34mAnd now . . . [35mDeep Thoughts[0m
> 	[32mby Jack Handey.[0m
> 
> [36mIf you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and your
> friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be
> to pretend you were swimming.[0m

You fall if it opens, too.

Gravity:  it's not just a good idea; it's the law.

Dean Kaflowitz

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53579
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Religion As Cause  (Was: islamic authority over women)

Scott D. Sauyet (SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu) wrote:

: The same works for the horrors of history.  To claim that Christianity
: had little to do with the Crusades or the Inquisition is to deny the
: awesome power that comes from faith in an absolute.  What it seems you
: are doing twisting the reasonable statement that religion was never
: the solitary cause of any evil into the unreasonable statement that
: religion has had no evil impacts on history.  That is absurd.

Scott,

Until this paragraph I would willingly amend my earlier statements,
since your point(s) are well made and generally accurate. This last
part though slips into hyperbole. Since I've discussed my objections to
such generalizations before, I really don't feel I need to do it
again. If you haven't seen those posts, ask Maddi, she saves
everything I write.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53581
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <116533@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> In article <1r2idi$6e1@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >So now you are saying that an Islamic Bank is something other than
|> >BCCI.
|> 
|> >Would you care to explain why it was that when I said  "I hope an 
|> >Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI", you called me a childish 
|> >propagandist.
|> 
|> Yes, sure, because the only obvious reason anyone would make the jump from
|> "BCCI" to "Islamic bank" is by associating Islamic banking with muslim 
|> ownership.

But in this case I said I hoped that BCCI was *not* an Islamic bank.

|> And the only reason one would generalize from a _given_
|> Islamic bank to _all_ Islamic banks is through a stereotype -- one
|> X is bad, therefore all X's are bad.

But in this case I said I hoped that BCCI was *not* an Islamic bank.

|> Next think you know there is a Bosnia on tap.

But in this case I said I hoped that BCCI was *not* an Islamic bank.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53582
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <16BB9DBA8.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de>, I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
|> In article <1r79j3$ak2@fido.asd.sgi.com>
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|>  
|> (Deletion)
|> >So, Mr Conner.   Is Bobby Mozumder a myth, a performing artist,
|> >a real Moslem. a crackpot, a provocateur?    You know everything
|> >and read all minds: why don't you tell us?
|> >
|>  
|> As a side note: isn't it telling that one cannot say for sure if
|> Bobby Mozunder is a firm believer or a provocateur? What does
|> that say about religious beliefs?

I think that's an insightful comment.   Especially when at the
same time we have people like Bill "Projector" Conner complaining
that we are posting parodies.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53583
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In article <C5ws1s.7ns@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
|> In <1r4ioh$44t@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) 
|> writes:
|> > |>In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
>|> Cobb) writes:
|> >|> 
|> >|> This doesn't seem right.  If I want to kill you, I can because that is 
|> what I
|> >|> decide?
|> 
|> >Sounds as though you are confused between "what I want" and "what
|> >I think is morally right".
|> 
|> >jon.
|> 
|> 
|> What do you mean?  Would your idea still apply if I said I think it is ok to 
|> kill you because that is what I decided?

What I mean is what I said.   "What I want" does not automatically
translate into "what I think is right."   That is, it does not 
translate that way for me.

If you reply that "I think it is ok to kill you because that is what 
I decided" then what that means is that for you "What I want" does
translate into "what I think is right".

It just doesn't translate that way for me.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53586
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Societal basis for morality

In article <1993Apr20.004119.6119@cnsvax.uwec.edu> nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye) writes:

You asked me to look over here, but I was on my way back anyway :-)

#[reply to cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)]
# 
#>If morals come from what is societally accepted, why follow that? What
#>right do we have to expect others to follow our notion of societally
#>mandated morality?  Pardon the extremism, but couldn't I murder your
#>"brother" and say that I was exercising my rights as I saw them, was
#>doing what felt good, didn't want anyone forcing their morality on me,
#>or I don't follow your "morality" ?
# 
#I believe that morality is subjective.  Each person is entitled to his
#own moral attitudes.  Mine are not a priori more correct than someone
#elses.  This does not mean however that I must judge another on the
#basis of his rather than my moral standards.  While he is entitled to
#believe what his own moral sense tells him, the rest of society is
#entitled to pass laws spelling out punishments for behavior that is
#offensive to the majority.

Why?  Your last statement.  Why?  By which authority?  

#Most criminals do not see their behavior as moral.  The may realize that
#it is immoral and not care.  They are thus not following their own moral
#system but being immoral.  For someone to lay claim to an alternative
#moral system, he must be sincere in his belief in it and it must be
#internally consistent.  

Why?  Your last statement.  Why are these things necessary?  

And believe me, a belief in terrorism can be both sincere and frighteningly
consistent.

#Some sociopaths lack an innate moral sense and
#thus may be incapable of behaving morally.  While someone like Hitler
#may have believed that his actions were moral, we may judge him immoral
#by our standards.  Holding that morality is subjective does not mean
#that we must excuse the murderer.

Trouble is, this would sound just fine coming from someone like Hitler, too.
(I do *not* mean any comparison or offence, David.)   Try substituting 
the social minority of your choice for 'sociopath', 'Hitler',  and
'murderer'.  No logical difference.  Someone like you, vs. someone like
Hitler. Zero sum.  

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53588
From: nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

[reply to tgk@cs.toronto.edu (Todd Kelley)]
 
>In light of what happened in Waco, I need to get something of my chest.
 
>Faith and dogma are dangerous.
 
Agreed.
 
>A philosopher cannot be a Christian because a philosopher can change
>his mind, whereas a Christian cannot, due to the nature of faith and
>dogma present in any religion.
 
It is hard for me to understand, but quite a few professional scientists
and philosophers are theists.
 
>Sure, religion has many good qualities.  It encourages benevolence and
>philanthropy.
 
But also intolerance and superstition.  I'm not sure that in the balance
it is not detrimental.
 
>Wouldn't it be nice if everyone were a secular humanist?
 
Sure would!
 
David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53589
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <116172@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
>> I'm not in a position to say, since I know nothing
>>  about the situation.  That does not, in my estimation, qualify me
>>  as having my head up my ass.
>
>
>Bob, I never accused you of having your head up your ass! It takes
>me quite some time in dealing with someone before accusing them of
>having their head up their ass. I was accusing the original poster
>(Benedikt, I believe) of being so impaired.
>
 
 
After insult, Gregg resorts to lies:
 
In article <115670@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
>>  Could you maybe flesh it out just a bit?  Or did I miss the full
>>  grandeur of it's content by virtue of my blinding atheism?
>
>You may be having difficulty seeing the light because you
>have your head up your ass. I suggest making sure this is
>not the case before posting again.
>
 
That's was the original answer. While it does not say that he has the head
necessarily up its ass, it would be meaningless and pointless if it was not
insinuated.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53591
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1r0fpv$p11@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>#      Point: Morals are, in essence, personal opinions. Usually
>#(ideally) well-founded, motivated such, but nonetheless personal. The
>#fact that a real large lot of people agree on some moral question,
>#sometimes even for the same reason, does not make morals objective; it
>#makes humans somewhat alike in their opinions on that moral question,
>#which can be good for the evolution of a social species.
>
>And if a "real large lot" (nice phrase) of people agree that there is a
>football on a desk, I'm supposed to see a logical difference between the two?
>Perhaps you can explain the difference to me, since you seem to see it
>so clearly.
>
(rest deleted)
 
That's a fallacy, and it is not the first time it is pointed out.
For one, you have never given a set of morals people agree upon. Unlike
a football. Further, you conveniently ignore here that there are
many who would not agree on tghe morality of something. The analogy
does not hold.
 
One can expect sufficiently many people to agree on its being a football,
while YOU have to give the evidence that only vanishing number disagrees
with a set of morals YOU have to give.
 
Further, the above is evidence, not proof. Proof would evolve out of testing
your theory of absolute morals against competing theories.
 
 
The above is one of the arguments you reiterate while you never answer
the objections. Evidence that you are a preacher.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53592
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <1r10jcINNt1g@lynx.unm.edu>
cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl) writes:
 
>> Correction: _hard_ atheism is a faith.
>
>Yes.
>
 
Can be a faith. Like weak atheism. We had that before.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53594
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Theism and Fanatism (was: Islamic Genocide)

In article <1r0sn0$3r@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
 
>|>#>#Theism is strongly correlated with irrational belief in absolutes. Irrational
>|>#>#belief in absolutes is strongly correlated with fanatism.
 
(deletion)
 
>|Theism is correlated with fanaticism. I have neither said that all fanatism
>|is caused by theism nor that all theism leads to fanatism. The point is,
>|theism increases the chance of becoming a fanatic. One could of course
>|argue that would be fanatics tend towards theism (for example), but I just
>|have to loook at the times in history when theism was the dominant ideology
>|to invalidate that conclusion that that is the basic mechanism behind it.
>
>IMO, the influence of Stalin, or for that matter, Ayn Rand, invalidates your
>assumption that theism is the factor to be considered.
 
Bogus. I just said that theism is not the only factor for fanatism.
The point is that theism is *a* factor.
 
 
>Gullibility,
>blind obedience to authority, lack of scepticism, and so on, are all more
>reliable indicators.  And the really dangerous people - the sources of
>fanaticism - are often none of these things.  They are cynical manipulators
>of the gullible, who know precisely what they are doing.
 
That's a claim you have to support. Please note that especially in the
field of theism, the leaders believe what they say.
 
 
>Now, *some*
>brands of theism, and more precisely *some* theists, do tend to fanaticism,
>I grant you.  To tar all theists with this brush is bigotry, not a reasoned
>argument - and it reads to me like a warm-up for censorship and restriction
>of religious freedom.  Ever read Animal Farm?
>
 
That's a straw man. And as usually in discussions with you one has to
repeat it: Read what I have written above: not every theism leads to
fanatism, and not all fanatism is caused by theism. The point is,
there is a correlation, and it comes from innate features of theism.
 
Gullibility, by the way, is one of them.
 
 
And to say that I am going to forbid religion is another of your straw
men. Interesting that you have nothing better to offer.
 
 
>|>(2)  Define "irrational belief".  e.g., is it rational to believe that
>|>     reason is always useful?
>|>
>|
>|Irrational belief is belief that is not based upon reason. The latter has
>|been discussed for a long time with Charley Wingate. One point is that
>|the beliefs violate reason often, and another that a process that does
>|not lend itself to rational analysis does not contain reliable information.
>
>Well, there is a glaring paradox here:  an argument that reason is useful
>based on reason would be circular, and argument not based on reason would
>be irrational.  Which is it?
>
 
That's bogus. Self reference is not circular. And since the evaluation of
usefulness is possible within rational systems, it is allowed.
 
Your argument is as silly as proving mathematical statements needs mathematics
and mathematics are therfore circular.
 
 
>The first part of the second statement contains no information, because
>you don't say what "the beliefs" are.  If "the beliefs" are strong theism
>and/or strong atheism, then your statement is not in general true.  The
>second part of your sentence is patently false - counterexample: an
>axiomatic datum does not lend itself to rational analysis, but is
>assumed to contain reliable information regardless of what process is
>used to obtain it.
>
 
I've been speaking of religious systems with contradictory definitions
of god here.
 
An axiomatic datum lends itself to rational analysis, what you say here
is a an often refuted fallacy. Have a look at the discussion of the
axiom of choice. And further, one can evaluate axioms in larger systems
out of which they are usually derived. "I exist" is derived, if you want
it that way.
 
Further, one can test the consistency and so on of a set of axioms.
 
what is it you are trying to say?
 
 
>|Compared the evidence theists have for their claims to the strength of
>|their demands makes the whole thing not only irrational but antirational.
>
>I can't agree with this until you are specific - *which* theism?  To
>say that all theism is necessarily antirational requires a proof which
>I suspect you do not have.
>
 
Using the traditonal definition of gods. Personal, supernatural entities
with objective effects on this world. Usually connected to morals and/or
the way the world works.
 
 
>|The affinity to fanatism is easily seen. It has to be true because I believe
>|it is nothing more than a work hypothesis. However, the beliefs say they are
>|more than a work hypothesis.
>
>I don't understand this.  Can you formalise your argument?
 
Person A believes system B becuase it sounds so nice. That does not make
B true, it is at best a work hypothesis. However, the content of B is that
it is true AND that it is more than a work hypothesis. Testing or evaluating
evidence for or against it  therefore dismissed because B (already believed)
says it is wronG/ a waste  of time/ not possible. Depending on the further
contents of B Amalekites/Idolaters/Protestants are to be killed, this can
have interesting effects.
 
Answer the question what the absolute set of morals is people agree on like
they would agree on a football being a football.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53598
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: islamic authority over women

In article <C5rACM.41q@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>
bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
 
>I can't recall anyone claiming that God -makes- anyone act a particlar
>way, I think that you're attempting to manufacture a contradiction.
 
A world creator god does, the moment it creates the world. And to sayi
that you can't recall *anyone* is even below your usual standard of
a"arguing".
 
My argument is based on quite usual theistic assumptions, namely god
is perfect, god is all-knowing god sets the rules. The rules don't
work for whatever reason. Because of its omniscience, the god has
known it. In advance.
 
(Deletion)
>To say that something defined contadictorily cannot exist, is really
>asking too much; you would have existence depend on grammar. All you
>can really say is that something is poorly defined, but that in itself
>is insufficient to decide anything (other than confusion of course).
>
 
It is not a question of grammar, it is a question of modelling. Has been
discussed in the wonderful time when you were not posting to this group.
When A is contradictorily defined A does not point to an instance in
reality. Unless there is more information in the definition of A that
allows me to find it somehow. However, when the contradictory attribute
is said to be essential, ie has not got that attribute => not the A I
am looking for, I can conclude that A does not exist.
 
 
>Your point that there are better reasons for the phenomenon of belief
>than the object of belief may lead to a rat's nest of unnecessary
>complexity. I think I know what you're implying, but I'd like to see
>your version of this better alternative just the same.
>
 
That's quite like: I predict coins falling
   Predicted            Happened
1.   Heads                 Tails
2.   Tails                 Tails
3.   Heads                 Tails
4.   Heads                 Tails
 
I take 2. and dismiss the rest because of the unnecessary complexity
the other evidence causes.
 
 
For an easy to understand explanation of why humans believe in gods
read "Manwatching" by Desmond Morris.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53599
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
> I don't regret the fact that sometimes military decisions have to be made
> which affect the lives of innocent people.  But I do regret the 
> circumstances which make those decisions necessary, and I regret the
> suffering caused by those decisions.  

"I'm afraid I'm going to have to kill you.  Don't worry, though; as a Loving
Christian, I guarantee that I will regret the fact that I have to kill
you, although I won't regret the actual killing."

>>> If we hadn't intervened, allowing Hussein to keep Kuwait, then it would
>>> have been appeasement.
>> 
>> Right.  But did you ever hear anyone advocate such a course of action?  Or
>> are you just setting up a strawman?
> 
> I'm not setting up a strawman at all.  If you want to argue against the
> war, then the only logical alternative was to allow Hussein to keep
> Kuwait.

False dichotomy.

> Diplomatic alternatives, including sanctions, were ineffective.

That's because they weren't even attempted.

>> But what about those who didn't support Hitler's dreams of conquest?  It's
>> not as if they democratically voted for all his policies.  The NSDAP got
>> 43 % in the elections of 1933, and that was the last chance the German 
>> people got to vote on the matter.
> 
> They suffered along with the rest.  Why does this bother you so much?

You want to know why it bothers me that thousands of innocent people were
maimed or killed by bombing at the end of WW2, when it was far from clear
that such bombing was necessary?

> The world is full of evil, and circumstances are not perfect.  Many
> innocents suffer due to the wrongful actions of others.  It it regretable,
> but that's The-Way-It-Is.

And why-is-it-that-way?  Who set things up to be that way?

>> this was happening before the Gulf War.  Why didn't we send in the bombers 
>> to East Timor?  Why aren't we sending in the bombers NOW?
> 
> Probably because we're not the saviors of the world.  We can't police each
> and every country that decides to self-destruct or invade another.

No, just the ones that have oil.  Or the ones that look like they might make
a success of Communism.

> Nor are we in a strategic position to get relief to Tibet, East Timor, or
> some other places.

I don't see that getting UN forces to East Timor is any harder than getting
them to Iraq.

>>            Tibetan people are rounded up, tortured, and executed.  Amnesty
>> International recently reported that torture is still widespread in China.
>> 
>> Why aren't we stopping them?  In fact, why are we actively sucking up to
>> them by trading freely with them?
> 
> Tell me how we could stop them and I'll support it.  I, for one, do not
> agree with the present US policy of "sucking up to them" as you put it.
> I agree that it is deplorable.

Fine.  Write to your Congressman and to President Clinton.  China's status as
"Most Favoured Nation" comes up for renewal in June.  Point out that the US
shouldn't be offering favourable trading terms to such a despicable regime.

I doubt anything will happen.  Clinton's keener on trade sanctions against
Europe.

[ Unbelievable comments about the Rodney King case deleted ]

> The media is not totally monolithic.  Even though there is a prevailing
> liberal bias, programs such as the MacNeil-Lehrer News Hour try to give
> a balanced and fair reporting of the news.  There are even conservative
> sources out there if you know where to look.  (Hurrah for Rush!)

Any idea how many kill files you just ended up in?

>> I, an atheist, am arguing against killing innocent people.
>> 
>> You, a supposed Christian, are arguing that it's OK to kill innocent people
>> so long as you get some guilty ones as well.
> 
> Hardly.  I didn't say that it's a Good Thing [tm] to kill innocent people
> if the end is just.  Unfortunately, we don't live in a perfect world and
> there are no perfect solutions.  If one is going to  resist tyranny, then
> innocent people on both sides are going to suffer and die.  I didn't say
> it is OK -- it is unfortunate, but sometimes necessary.

The ends justify the means, eh?

>> You, having criticised moral relativism in the past, are now arguing that I
>> am in no position to judge the morality of allied actions at the end of the
>> War.  
> 
> You certainly are not in such a position if you are a moral relativist.

The same tired old misunderstanding.  Moral relativism means that there is no
*objective* standard of morality.  It doesn't mean you can't judge other
people's morals.  Christ on a bike, how many times have we tried to hammer
that into your head?

>> Where's your Christian love?  Where's your absolute morality?  Oh, how 
>> quick you are to discard them when it suits you.  As Ivan Stang would say,
>> "Jesus would puke!"
> 
> One day I will stand before Jesus and give account of every word and action;
> even this discourse in this forum.  I understand the full ramifications of
> that, and I am prepared to do so.  I don't believe that you can make the
> same claim.

Obviously not, as I am an atheist.  I don't think you'd get on with Jesus,
though; he was a long-haired lunatic peace-nik, was he not?

> And BTW, the reason I brought up the blanket-bombing in Germany was
> because you were bemoaning the Iraqi civilian casualties as being 
> "so deplorable".  Yet blanket bombing was instituted because bombing
> wasn't accurate enough to hit industrial/military targets in a
> decisive way by any other method at that time.  But in the Gulf War,
> precision bombing was the norm.  So the point was, why make a big
> stink about the relatively few civilian casualties that resulted
> *in spite of* precision bombing, when so many more civilians
> (proportionately and quantitatively) died under the blanket bombing
> in WW2?

Right.  Unfortunately for you, it turned out that my opinions on the matter
were entirely consistent in that I condemned the bombing of Dresden too.

I think you're being a bit glib with your explanation of the blanket bombing
policy, too.  You make it sound as though we were aiming for military targets
and could only get them by destroying civilian buildings next door.  As I
understand it, that is not the case; we aimed deliberately at civilian
targets in order to cause massive damage and inspire terror amongst the
German people.

> civilians suffer.  But less civilians suffered in this war than
> any other iany other in history!

Oh, come on.  With wars like the Falklands fresh in people's minds, that sort
of propaganda isn't going to fool anyone.

>                                                       The stories
> of "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi civilian dead is just plain bunk.
> Yes, bunk.  The US lost 230,000 servicemen in WW2 over four years
> and the majority of them were directly involved in fighting!

Yes?  And what about the millions of casualties the Russians suffered?  It's
hardly surprising the US didn't lose many men in WW2, given that you turned
up late.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53600
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Gulf War / Selling Arms

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
> Mathew, I agree.  This, it seems, is the crux of your whole position,
> isn't it?  That the US shouldn't have supported Hussein and sold him arms
> to fight Iran?  I agree.  And I agree in ruthlessly hunting down those
> who did or do.  But we *did* sell arms to Hussein, and it's a done deal.
> Now he invades Kuwait.  So do we just sit back and say, "Well, we sold
> him all those arms, I suppose he just wants to use them now.  Too bad
> for Kuwait."  No, unfortunately, sitting back and "letting things be"
> is not the way to correct a former mistake.  Destroying Hussein's
> military potential as we did was the right move.  But I agree with
> your statement, Reagan and Bush made a grave error in judgment to
> sell arms to Hussein.

But it's STILL HAPPENING.  That's the entire point.  Only last month, John
Major hailed it as a great victory that he had personally secured a sale of
arms to Saudi Arabia.  The same month, we sold jet fighters to the same
Indonesian government that's busy killing the East Timorese.

It's all very well to say "Oops, we made a boo-boo, better clean up the
mistake", but the US and UK *keep* making the *same* mistake.  They do it so
often that I can't believe it's not deliberate.  This suspicion is reinforced
by the fact that the mistake is an extremely profitable one for a decrepit
economy reliant on arms sales.

>                            So it's really not the Gulf War you abhor
> so much, it was the U.S.'s and the West's shortsightedness in selling
> arms to Hussein which ultimately made the war inevitable, right?

No, I thought both were terrible.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53601
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Gulf War (was Re: Death Penalty was Re: Political Atheists?)

mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
> I looked back at this, and asked some questions of various people and
> got the following information which I had claimed and you pooh-poohed.
> The US has not sold Iraq any arms.

What about the land mines which have already been mentioned?

> other countries (like Kuwait).  Information is hard to prove.  You are
> claiming that the US sold information?  Prove it.  [...]  Information
> is hard to prove, almost certainly if the US did sell information, then that
> fact is classified, and you can't prove it.

Oh, very neat.  Dismiss everything I say unless I can prove beyond a shadow
of a doubt something which you yourself admit I can never prove to your
satisfaction.  Thanks, I'll stick to squaring circles.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53602
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
> The problem with most peace-niks it they consider those of us who are
> not like them to be "bad" and "unconscionable".  I would not have any
> argument or problem with a peace-nik if they held to their ideals and
> stayed out of all conflicts or issues, especially those dealing with 
> the national defense.  But no, they are not willing to allow us to
> legitimately hold a different point-of-view.  They militate and 
> many times resort to violence all in the name of peace.

<Yawn>  Another right-wing WASP imagining he's an oppressed minority. 
Perhaps Camille Paglia is right after all.

"I would not have any argument or problem with a peace-nik if they [...]
stayed out of all conflicts or issues"?  I bet you wouldn't.  You'd love it. 

But what makes you think that sitting back, saying nothing about defense
issues, and letting people like you make all the decisions is anything to do
with "their ideals"?


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53603
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: STRONG & weak Atheism

acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu (Turin Turambar, ME Department of Utter Misery) writes:
> Did that FAQ ever got modified to re-define strong atheists as not those who
> assert the nonexistence of God, but as those who assert that they BELIEVE in 
> the nonexistence of God?

In a word, yes.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53604
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?

perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:
> Anyway, since I seem to be the only one following this particular line
> of discussion, I wonder how many of the rest of the readership have
> read this book?  What are your thoughts on it?

I bought a copy of The Satanic Verses when there was talk of the British
Government banning it.  There's nothing interests me in a book more than
making it illegal.

However, it's still sitting on my shelf unread.  Perhaps I'll get round to it
soon.  I've still got a pile of Lem, Bulgakov and Zamyatin to go through; I
don't find nearly enough time to read.  In fact, there are far more
interesting things to do than I can ever find time for; how anyone ever
manages to be bored is beyond me.  If I didn't have to sleep, maybe I could
manage it.


mathew
-- 
Atheism: Anti-virus software for the mind.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53605
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr22.001442.27396@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:
>In article <116171@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) wrote:

>>I have already made the clear claim that
>> Khomeini advocates views which are in contradition with the Qur'an
>> and have given my arguments for this. This is something that can be
>> checked by anyone sufficiently interested. Khomeini, being dead,
>> really can't respond, but another poster who supports Khomeini has
>> responded with what is clearly obfuscationist sophistry. This should
>> be quite clear to atheists as they are less susceptible to religionist
>> modes of obfuscationism. 

>Don't mind my saying this but the best example of obfuscation is to
>condemn without having even your most basic facts straight. If you
>want some examples, go back and look at your previous posts, where
>you manage to get your facts wrong about the fatwa and Khomeini's 
>supposed infallibility.

Why shouldn't I mind? It sounds as if you are proceeding with just
the sort of obfuscation you have accused me of. I always preceeded
my statements with "it is my understanding that..." Now, I have made
my claim clear with regard to the issue of both the Twelve Imams and 
with Khomeini's supposed claim of infalibility. After hearing your
seemingly more knowledgable claim that Khomeini made no such claim
regarding himself, I have withdrawn that portion of my statement
regarding that claim. However, I have received _no_ such response
regarding the infallibility of the Twelve Imams. There is nothing
obfuscationist about my claims, which are always made clearly.
 
I have received no such clear response regarding the Twelve Imams
but rather abstruse references to unusual metaphysical natures and 
other such opaque "concepts" often used by people to camoflage the 
baselessness of their positions, particularly in matters of theology.
These are just the sorts of "concepts" used by Christian churches
the perverting of their religion. 

>As salaam a-laikum

Alaikum Wassalam,

Gregg



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53606
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr21.171807.16785@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:

>In article <115694@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) wrote:

>> I think many reading this group would also benefit by knowing how
>> deviant the view _as I've articulated it above_ (which may not be
>> the true view of Khomeini) is from the basic principles of Islam. 
>> So that the non-muslim readers of this group will see how far from 
>> the simple basics of Islam such views are on the face of them. And 
>> if they are _not_ in contradiction with the basics of Islam, how 
>> subtle such issues are and how it seems sects exist in Islam while 
>> they are explicitly proscribed by the Qur'an.

>Discussing it here is fine by me. Shall we start a new thread called,
>say, "Infallibility in Islam" and move the discussion there?

I think this should be illuminating to all. Let me make a first
suggestion. When Arabic words, especially technical ones, become of use 
let us define them for those, especially atheists, to whom they may not be
terribly familiar. Please also note that though I did initially refer
to Khomeini as a heretic for what I understood to be a claim -- rejected 
by you since -- of personal infallibility, I withdraw this as a basis
for such a statement. I conditionally retain this reference in regard
to Khomeini's advocacy of the thesis of the infallibility of the 
so-called "Twelve Imams," which is in clear conflict with the Qur'an 
in that it places the Twelve Imams in a category of behavior and example
higher than that of the Muhammad, in that the Qur'an shows that the
Prophet was clearly fallible, as well as (it appears, given your
abstruse theological statment regarding the "natures"  of the Twelve
Imams) placing them in a different metaphysical category than the 
remainder of humanity, with the possible exception of Muhammad, 
something which verges on the sin of association.

>As salam a-laikum

Alaikum Wassalam,

Gregg


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53609
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <16BB7B468.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
#In article <1r0fpv$p11@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
#frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
# 
#(Deletion)
#>#      Point: Morals are, in essence, personal opinions. Usually
#>#(ideally) well-founded, motivated such, but nonetheless personal. The
#>#fact that a real large lot of people agree on some moral question,
#>#sometimes even for the same reason, does not make morals objective; it
#>#makes humans somewhat alike in their opinions on that moral question,
#>#which can be good for the evolution of a social species.
#>
#>And if a "real large lot" (nice phrase) of people agree that there is a
#>football on a desk, I'm supposed to see a logical difference between the two?
#>Perhaps you can explain the difference to me, since you seem to see it
#>so clearly.
#>
#(rest deleted)
# 
#That's a fallacy, and it is not the first time it is pointed out.

It's not a fallacy - note the IF.   IF a supermajority of disinterested people 
agree on a fundamantal value (we're not doing ethics YET Benedikt), then what 
is the difference between that and those people agreeing on a trivial
observation?

#For one, you have never given a set of morals people agree upon. Unlike
#a football. Further, you conveniently ignore here that there are
#many who would not agree on tghe morality of something. The analogy
#does not hold.

I have, however, given an example of a VALUE people agree on, and explained
why.  People will agree that their freedom is valuable.  I have also
stated that such a value is a necessary condition for doing objective
ethics - the IF assertion above.  And that is what I'm talking about, there
isn't a point in talking about ethics if this can't be agreed.

#One can expect sufficiently many people to agree on its being a football,
#while YOU have to give the evidence that only vanishing number disagrees
#with a set of morals YOU have to give.

I'm not doing morals (ethics) if we can't get past values.  As I say,
the only cogent objection to my 'freedom' example is that maybe people
aren't talking about the same thing when they answer that it is valuable.
Maybe not, and I want to think about this some, especially the implications
of its being true.

#Further, the above is evidence, not proof. Proof would evolve out of testing
#your theory of absolute morals against competing theories.

Garbage.  That's not proof either.

#The above is one of the arguments you reiterate while you never answer
#the objections. Evidence that you are a preacher.

Name that fallacy.
-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53611
From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: Studies on Book of Mormon

>>>>> On Tue, 20 Apr 93 21:12:55 GMT, cfairman@leland.Stanford.EDU (Carolyn Jean Fairman) said:
CJF> agrino@enkidu.mic.cl (Andres Grino Brandt) asks about Mormons.

CJF> Although I don't personally know about independent sudies, I do know
CJF> a few things.
CJF> He writes:

>There are some mention about events, places, or historical persons
>later discovered by archeologist?

CJF> One of the more amusing things in the BOM is a claim that a
CJF> civilization existed in North America, aroun where the mystical plates
CJF> were found.  Not only did it use steel and other metals, but it had
CJF> lots of wars (very OT).  No one has ever found any metal swords or
CJF> and traces of a civilization other than the Native Americans.

I was talking to the head of the archeology dept. once in college and
the topic of Mormon archeology came up.  It seems that the Mormon church
is (or was) big on giving grants to archeologists to prove that the
native Americans are really the lost tribe of Israel and other such
bunk.  The archeologists would shake their head knowingly while listening
to them, take the grant, and go off to do real archeology anyway.

--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53614
From: cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
Subject: Science and theories

As per various threads on science and creationism, I've started dabbling into a
book called Christianity and the Nature of Science by JP Moreland.  A question
that I had come from one of his comments.  He stated that God is not 
necessarily a religious term, but could be used as other scientific terms that
give explanation for events or theories, without being a proven scientific 
fact.  I think I got his point -- I can quote the section if I'm being vague. 
The examples he gave were quarks and continental plates.  Are there 
explanations of science or parts of theories that are not measurable in and of
themselves, or can everything be quantified, measured, tested, etc.?  

MAC
--
****************************************************************
                                                    Michael A. Cobb
 "...and I won't raise taxes on the middle     University of Illinois
    class to pay for my programs."                 Champaign-Urbana
          -Bill Clinton 3rd Debate             cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu
                                              
Nobody can explain everything to anybody.  G.K.Chesterton

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53619
From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: Age of Reason Was: Who has read Rushdie's

>>>>> On Wed, 21 Apr 1993 06:38:30 GMT, sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) said:
KS> This is the story of Kent, the archetype Finn, that lives in the 
KS> Bay Area, and tried to purchase Thomas Paine's "Age of Reason". This
KS> man was driving around, to Staceys, to Books Inc, to "Well, Cleanlighted
KS> Place", to Daltons, to various other places.

KS> When he asked for this book, the well educated American book store
KS> assistants in most placed asked him to check out the thriller section,
KS> or then they said that his book has not been published yet, but they
KS> should receive the book soon. In some places the assistants bluntly
KS> said that they don't know of such an author, or that he is not 
KS> a well known living author, so they don't keep copies of his books.

KS> Such is the life and times of America, 200+ years after the revolution.

Sigh, now I don't feel so bad.  Searching for a copy in bookstores has
been a habit of mine for at least two years now.  I spend a *lot* of 
time browsing through bookstores, new and and used, and I've not once
seen a copy.  Now, I know, all I do is pick up a phone and order the
darned thing, but come on, this is America and he's one of the founding
fathers.  And no one carries his books?  Sure, you can find "Common
Sense" but I think that's because it's required reading for most
colleges.  

I did find one hole-in-the-wall bookstore where the owner said that they 
usually carry one or two copies, but that they were currently out. I haven't
been back since so I don't know if he was telling the truth or not.

sigh...


--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53620
From: csfed@uxa.ecn.bgu.edu (Frank Doss)
Subject: Re: Science and theories

In article <C5u7Bq.J43@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:

>The examples he gave were quarks and continental plates.  Are there 

Sounds like more of the same.  Gods were used to describe almost
everything in the past.  As we come to understand the underpinnings of
more and more, the less we credit to a god.  Now, the not-so-well
understood elements (at least by the author) includes quarks and tectonic
drift.  I guess that's better than describing the perceived patterns of
stars in the sky as heroes being immortalized by the gods.

Kinda sounds like old-earth creation--It seems that life did, indeed, evolve
from a common ancestor.  What caused that initial common ancestor?

Are we going to hear another debate on causeless events? ;-)

>explanations of science or parts of theories that are not measurable in and of
>themselves, or can everything be quantified, measured, tested, etc.?  
>
>MAC
>                                                    Michael A. Cobb

-- 
Frank Doss 
The above stated words are my opinions and do not reflect the opinions,
attitudes, or policies of my employer or any affilliated organizations.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53622
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Theism and Fanatism (was: Islamic Genocide)

In article <16BB8D25C.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
#In article <1r3tqo$ook@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
#frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
# 
#>#>|>#>#Theism is strongly correlated with irrational belief in absolutes. Irrational
#>#>|>#>#belief in absolutes is strongly correlated with fanatism.
#>#
#>#(deletion)
#>#
#>#>|Theism is correlated with fanaticism. I have neither said that all fanatism
#>#>|is caused by theism nor that all theism leads to fanatism. The point is,
#>#>|theism increases the chance of becoming a fanatic. One could of course
#>#>|argue that would be fanatics tend towards theism (for example), but I just
#>#>|have to loook at the times in history when theism was the dominant ideology
#>#>|to invalidate that conclusion that that is the basic mechanism behind it.
#>#>
#>#>IMO, the influence of Stalin, or for that matter, Ayn Rand, invalidates your
#>#>assumption that theism is the factor to be considered.
#>#
#>#Bogus. I just said that theism is not the only factor for fanatism.
#>#The point is that theism is *a* factor.
#>
#>That's your claim; now back it up.  I consider your argument as useful
#>as the following:  Belief is strongly correlated with fanaticism.  Therefore
#>belief is *a* factor in fanaticism.  True, and utterly useless.  (Note, this
#>is *any* belief, not belief in Gods)
#>
# 
#Tiring to say the least. I have backed it up, read the first statement.

I have read it.  Conspicuous by its absence is any evidence or point.

# 
#The latter is the fallacy of the wrong analogy. Saying someone believes
#something is hardly an information about the person at all. Saying someone
#is a theist holds much more information. Further, the correlation between
#theists and fanatism is higher than that between belief at all and fanatism
#because of the special features of theistic belief.

Truth by blatant assertion.  Evidence?
# 
# 
#>#>Gullibility,
#>#>blind obedience to authority, lack of scepticism, and so on, are all more
#>#>reliable indicators.  And the really dangerous people - the sources of
#>#>fanaticism - are often none of these things.  They are cynical manipulators
#>#>of the gullible, who know precisely what they are doing.
#>#
#>#That's a claim you have to support. Please note that especially in the
#>#field of theism, the leaders believe what they say.
#>
#>If you believe that, you're incredibly naive.
#>
# 
#You, Frank O'Dwyer, are living in a dream world. I wonder if there is any
#base of discussion left after such a statement. As a matter of fact, I think
#you are ignorant of human nature. Even when one starts with something one does
#not believe, one gets easily fooled into actually believing what one says.
# 
#To give you the benefit of the doubt, prove your statement.

The onus of proof is on you, sunshine.  What makes you think that
theist leaders believe what they say?  Especially when they say
one thing and do another, or say one thing closely followed by its
opposite?  The practice is not restricted to theism, but it's there
for anyone to see.  It's almost an epidemic in this country.

Just for instance, if it is harder for a camel to pass thru' the eye
of a needle, why is the Catholic church such a wealthy land-owner?  Why
are there churches to the square inch in my country?
# 
#>#>Now, *some*
#>#>brands of theism, and more precisely *some* theists, do tend to fanaticism,
#>#>I grant you.  To tar all theists with this brush is bigotry, not a reasoned
#>#>argument - and it reads to me like a warm-up for censorship and restriction
#>#>of religious freedom.  Ever read Animal Farm?
#>#>
#>#That's a straw man. And as usually in discussions with you one has to
#>#repeat it: Read what I have written above: not every theism leads to
#>#fanatism, and not all fanatism is caused by theism. The point is,
#>#there is a correlation, and it comes from innate features of theism.
#>
#>No, some of it comes from features which *some* theism has in common
#>with *some* fanaticism.    Your last statement simply isn't implied by
#>what you say before, because you're trying to sneak in "innate features
#>of [all] theism".  The word you're groping for is "some".
#>
# 
#Bogus again. Not all theism as is is fanatic. However, the rest already
#gives backup for the statement about the correlation about fanatism and
#theism. And further, the specialty of other theistic beliefs allows them
#to switch to fanatism easily. It takes just a nifty improvement in the
#theology.

Truth by blatant assertion.  
# 
# 
#>#Gullibility, by the way, is one of them.
#>
#>No shit, Sherlock.  So why not talk about gullibility instead of theism,
#>since it seems a whole lot more relevant to the case you have, as opposed
#>to the case you are trying to make?
#>
# 
#Because there is more about theism that the attraction to gullible people
#causing the correlation. And the whole discussion started that way by the
#statement that theism is meaningfully correlated to fanatism, which you
#challenged.

Indeed I did.  As I recall, I asked for evidence.  What is the correlation
of which you speak?  
# 
# 
#>#And to say that I am going to forbid religion is another of your straw
#>#men. Interesting that you have nothing better to offer.
#>
#>I said it reads like a warm up to that.  That's because it's an irrational
#>and bogus tirade, and has no other use than creating a nice Them/Us
#>split in the minds of excitable people such as are to be found on either
#>side of church walls.
#>
# 
#Blah blah blah. I am quite well aware that giving everyone their rights
#protects me better from fanatics than the other way round.

Of course, other people are always fanatics, never oneself.  Your
wish to slur all theists seems pretty fanatical to me.
# 
#It is quite nice to see that you are actually implying a connection between
#that argument and the rise of fanatism. So far, it is just another of your
#assertions.

So?  You can do it.
# 
# 
#>#>|>(2)  Define "irrational belief".  e.g., is it rational to believe that
#>#>|>     reason is always useful?
#>#>|>
#>#>|
#>#>|Irrational belief is belief that is not based upon reason. The latter has
#>#>|been discussed for a long time with Charley Wingate. One point is that
#>#>|the beliefs violate reason often, and another that a process that does
#>#>|not lend itself to rational analysis does not contain reliable information.
#>#>
#>#>Well, there is a glaring paradox here:  an argument that reason is useful
#>#>based on reason would be circular, and argument not based on reason would
#>#>be irrational.  Which is it?
#>#>
#>#That's bogus. Self reference is not circular. And since the evaluation of
#>#usefulness is possible within rational systems, it is allowed.
#>
#>O.K., it's oval.  It's still begging the question, however.  And though
#>that certainly is allowed, it's not rational.  And you claiming to be
#>rational and all.
#>
# 
#Another of your assertions. No proof, no evidence, just claims.

Hey - I learned it from you. Did I do good?
# 
# 
#>At the risk of repeating myself, and hearing "we had that before" [we
#>didn't hear a _refutation_ before, so we're back.   Deal with it] :
#>you can't use reason to demonstrate that reason is useful.  Someone
#>who thinks reason is crap won't buy it, you see.
#>
# 
#That is unusually weak even for you. The latter implies that my proof
#depends on their opinion. Somehow who does not accept that there are
#triangles won't accept Pythagoras. Wow, that's an incredible insight.
#I don't have to prove them wrong in their opinion. It is possible to
#show that their systems leave out useful information respectively claims
#unreliable or even absurd statements to be information.

Totally circular, and totally useless.
# 
#Their wish to believe makes them believe. Things are judges by their appeal,
#and not by their information. It makes you feel good when you believe that
#may be good for them, but it contains zillions of possible pitfalls. From
#belief despite contrary evidence to the bogus proofs they attempt.

Truth by blatant assertion.  I've seen as many bogus proofs of the 
non-existence of gods as I have of their existence.

# 
#Rational systems, by the way, does not mean that every data has to come from
#logical analysis, the point is that the evaluation of the data does not
#contradict logic. It easily follows that such a system does not allows to
#evaluate if its rational in itself. Yes, it is possible to evaluate that
#it is rational in a system that is not rational by the fallacies of that
#system, but since the validity of the axioms is agreed upon, that has as
#little impact as the possibility of a demon ala Descartes.

This just doesn't parse, sorry.
# 
#So far it just a matter of consistency. I use ratiional arguments to show
#that my system is consistent or that theirs isn't. The evaluation of the

Nor this.
#predictions does not need rationality. It does not contradict, however.
# 
# 
#>#Your argument is as silly as proving mathematical statements needs mathematics
#>#and mathematics are therfore circular.
#>
#>Anybody else think Godel was silly?
#>
# 
#Stream of consciousness typing? What is that supposed to mean?
# 
# 
#>#>The first part of the second statement contains no information, because
#>#>you don't say what "the beliefs" are.  If "the beliefs" are strong theism
#>#>and/or strong atheism, then your statement is not in general true.  The
#>#>second part of your sentence is patently false - counterexample: an
#>#>axiomatic datum does not lend itself to rational analysis, but is
#>#>assumed to contain reliable information regardless of what process is
#>#>used to obtain it.
#>#>
#>#
#>#I've been speaking of religious systems with contradictory definitions
#>#of god here.
#>#
#>#An axiomatic datum lends itself to rational analysis, what you say here
#>#is a an often refuted fallacy. Have a look at the discussion of the
#>#axiom of choice. And further, one can evaluate axioms in larger systems
#>#out of which they are usually derived. "I exist" is derived, if you want
#>#it that way.
#>#
#>#Further, one can test the consistency and so on of a set of axioms.
#>#
#>#what is it you are trying to say?
#>
#>That at some point, people always wind up saying "this datum is reliable"
#>for no particular reason at all.  Example: "I am not dreaming".
#>
# 
#Nope. There is evidence for it. The trick is that the choice of an axiomatic
#basis of a system is difficult, because the possibilities are interwoven.
#One therefore chooses that with the least assumptions or with assumptions
#that are necessary to get information out of the system anyway.

I'd like to see this alleged evidence.
# 
#One does not need to define axioms in order to define an evaluation method
#for usefulness, the foundation is laid by how one feels at all (that's not
#how one feels about it).

I see.  You have no irrational beliefs.  But then, fanatics never do, do
they?

# 
#>#>|Compared the evidence theists have for their claims to the strength of
#>#>|their demands makes the whole thing not only irrational but antirational.
#>#>
#>#>I can't agree with this until you are specific - *which* theism?  To
#>#>say that all theism is necessarily antirational requires a proof which
#>#>I suspect you do not have.
#>#>
#>#
#>#Using the traditonal definition of gods. Personal, supernatural entities
#>#with objective effects on this world. Usually connected to morals and/or
#>#the way the world works.
#>
#>IMO, any belief about such gods is necessarily irrational.  That does
#>not mean that people who hold them are in principle opposed to the exercise of
#>intelligence.  Some atheists are also scientists, for example.
#>
# 
#They don't use theism when doing science. Or it wouldn't be science. Please
#note that subjective data lend themselves to a scientific treatment as well.
#They just prohibit formulating them as objective statements.

Ergo, nothing is objective.  Fair enough.
# 
# 
#>#>|The affinity to fanatism is easily seen. It has to be true because I believe
#>#>|it is nothing more than a work hypothesis. However, the beliefs say they are
#>#>|more than a work hypothesis.
#>#>
#>#>I don't understand this.  Can you formalise your argument?
#>#
#>#Person A believes system B becuase it sounds so nice. That does not make
#>#B true, it is at best a work hypothesis. However, the content of B is that
#>#it is true AND that it is more than a work hypothesis. Testing or evaluating
#>#evidence for or against it  therefore dismissed because B (already believed)
#>#says it is wronG/ a waste  of time/ not possible. Depending on the further
#>#contents of B Amalekites/Idolaters/Protestants are to be killed, this can
#>#have interesting effects.
#>
#>Peculiar definition of interesting, but sure.  Now show that a belief
#>in gods entails the further contents of which you speak.   Why aren't my
#>catholic neighbours out killing the protestants, for example?   Maybe they
#>don't believe in it.  Maybe it's the conjunction of "B asserts B" and
#>"jail/kill dissenters" that is important, and the belief in gods is
#>entirely irrelevant.  It certainly seems so to me, but then I have no
#>axe to grind here.
#>
# 
#The example with your neighbours is a fallacy. That *your* neighbours don't
#says little about others. And there were times when exactly that happened.

Nope, it's not a fallacy.   It just doesn't go to the correlation you
wish to see.
# 
#And tell me, when it is not irrelevant, why are such statements about
#Amalekites and Idolaters in the Holy Books? Please note that one could
#edit them out when they are not relevant anymore. Because gods don't err?
#What does that say about that message?

Excuse me - THE Holy Books?
# 
#And how come we had theists saying genocides ordered by god are ok. A god
#is the easiest way to excuse anything, and therefore highly attracting to
#fanatics. Not to mention the effect interpretation by these fanatics can
#have on the rest of the believers. Happens again and again and again.

A god is neither the easiest way to excuse anything, nor the only way.


-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53623
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1993Apr20.191048.6139@cnsvax.uwec.edu> nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye) writes:
#[reply to frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)]
# 
#>>The problem for the objectivist is to determine the status of moral
#>>truths and the method by which they can be established.  If we accept
#>>that such judgements are not reports of what is but only relate to
#>>what ought to be (see naturalistic fallacy) then they cannot be proved
#>>by any facts about the nature of the world.
# 
#>This can be avoided in at least two ways: (1) By leaving the Good
#>undefined, since anyone who claims that they do not know what it is is
#>either lying or so out of touch with humanity as to be undeserving of a
#>reply.
# 
#If the Good is undefined (undefinable?) but you require of everyone that
#they know innately what is right, you are back to subjectivism.

No, and begging the question.  see below.

#>(2) By defining the Good solely in terms of evaluative terms.
# 
#Ditto here.  An evaluative statement implies a value judgement on the
#part of the person making it.

Again, incorrect, and question-begging.  See below.
#
#>>At this point the objectivist may talk of 'self-evident truths'
# 
#Pretty perceptive, that Prof. Flew.
# 
#>>but can he deny the subjectivist's claim that self-evidence is in the
#>>mind of the beholder?
# 
#>Of course; by denying that subject/object is true dichotomy.
# 
#Please explain how this helps.  I don't see your argument.

I don't see yours.  It seems to rest on the assertion that everything
is either a subject or an object.  There's nothing compelling about that
dichotomy.  I might just as well divide the world into subject,object,
event.  It even seems more sensible.  Causation, for example, is
an event, not a subject or an object.  

Furthermore, if subject/object were true dichotomy, i.e.

	Everything is either a subject or an object

Then, is that statement a self-evident truth or not?  If so, then it's 
all in the mind of the beholder, according to the relativist, and hardly 
compelling.  Add to that the fact that the world can quickly be shoved
in its entirety into the "subjective" category by an idealist or 
solipsist argument, and that we have this perfectly good alternate
set of categories (subject, object, event) [which can be reduced
to (subject, object, quality) without any logical difficulty] and why
yes, I guess I *am* denying that self-evident truths are all in the mind of 
the beholder.

#>>If not, what is left of the claim that some moral judgements are true?

All of it.

#>If nothing, then NO moral judgements are true.  This is a thing that
#>is commonly referred to as nihilism.  It entails that science is of
#>no value, irrepective of the fact that some people find it useful.  How
#>anyone arrives at relativism/subjectivism from this argument beats me.
# 
#This makes no sense either.  Flew is arguing that this is where the
#objectivist winds up, not the subjectivist.  Furthermore, the nihilists
#believed in nothing *except* science, materialism, revolution, and the
#People.

I'm referring to ethical nihilism

#>>The subjectivist may well feel that all that remains is that there are
#>>some moral judgements with which he would wish to associate himself.
#>>To hold a moral opinion is, he suggests, not to know something to be
#>>true but to have preferences regarding human activity."
# 
#>And if those preferences should include terrorism, that moral opinion
#>is not true.  Likewise, if the preferences should include noTerrorism,
#>that moral opinion is not true.  Why should one choose a set of
#>preferences which include terrorisim over one which includes
#>noTerrorism?  Oh, no reason.  This is patently absurd....
# 
#And also not the position of the subjectivist, as has been pointed out
#to you already by others.  Ditch the strawman, already, and see my reply
#to Mike Cobb's root message in the thread Societal Basis for Morality.

I've responded over there.  BTW - I don't intend this as a strawman, but
as something logically entailed by relativism (really any ethical system
where values are assumed to be unreal).  It's different to say "Relativists
say..." than "relativism implies...".

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53624
From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <735295730.25282@minster.york.ac.uk>, cjhs@minster.york.ac.uk writes:
|> : Are you saying that their was a physical Adam and Eve, and that all
|> : humans are direct decendents of only these two human beings.?  Then who
|> : were Cain and Able's wives?  Couldn't be their sisters, because A&E
|> : didn't have daughters.  Were they non-humans?
|> 
|> Genesis 5:4
|> 
|> and the days of Adam after he begat Seth were eight hundred years, and
|> he begat sons and daughters:
|> 
|> Felicitations -- Chris Ho-Stuart

Yeah, but these were not the wives.  The wives came from Nod, apparently
a land being developed by another set of gods.

Brian /-|-\

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53625
From: bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain (Brian Cash)
Subject: Re: Room for Metaphor?

I can (and do) take religious writings as a metaphor for life.
I do this with all sorts of fiction, from Beowolf to Deep Space Nine.
The idea is to not limit yourself to one book, screen out the good 
stuff from what you read, and to remember that it is all just a story.  
You sound Buddist to me :^)

Brian /-|-\

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53627
From: pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker)
Subject: Re: The Universe and Black Holes, was Re: 2000 years.....

In article <1993Apr22.162239@IASTATE.EDU>, kv07@IASTATE.EDU (Warren
Vonroeschlaub) wrote:
> 
> In article <1r5hj0INN14c@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan
> Schneider) writes:
> >Well, suppose a probe emitting radiation at a constant frequency was
> >sent towards a black hole.  As it got closer to the event horizon, the
> >red shift would keep increasing.  The period would get longer and longer,
> >but it would never stop.  An observer would not observe the probe actually
> >reaching the event horizon.  The detected energy from the probe would keep
> >decreasing, but it wouldn't vanish.  Exp(-t) never quite reaches zero.
> 
>   That's kind of what I meant.  To be more precise, given any observer, in any
> single position outside the event horizon, would that observer ever in any way,
> be able to detect the probe having crossed the event horizon?

Yes, unless the observer is at rest with respect to the singularity at
infinite distance away. But an observer on a close approach to the BH will
see the particle go in in finite time.

Peter

Don't forget to sing:
            They say there's a heaven for those who will wait
                Some say it's better, but I say it ain't
        I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
                     The sinners are much more fun
                         Only the good die young!

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53628
From: schnitzi@eustis.cs.ucf.edu (Mark Schnitzius)
Subject: Re: Asimov stamp

battin@cyclops.iucf.indiana.edu (Laurence Gene Battin) writes:

>Apart from the suggestion that appeared in the letters column of
>Skeptical Inquirer recently, has there been any further mention
>about a possible Asimov commemorative stamp?  If this idea hasn't
>been followed up, does anyone know what needs to be done to get
>this to happen?  I think that its a great idea.  Should we start a
>petition or something?

I'm sure all the religious types would get in a snit due
to Asimov's atheism.

Do we have any atheists on stamps now?


Mark Schnitzius
schnitzi@eola.cs.ucf.edu
University of Central Florida

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53629
From: praetzel@sunee.uwaterloo.ca (Eric Praetzel)
Subject: Re: Amusing atheists and agnostics

In article <timmbake.735196560@mcl> timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) writes:
>
>Nah.  I will encourage people to learn about atheism to see how little atheists
>have up their sleeves.  Whatever I might have suspected is actually quite

Riddle me this.  If a god(s) exist why on earth should we grovel?  Why on earth
should we give a damm at all?  What evidence do you have that if such a
creature(s) exist it deserves anything beyond mild admiration or sheer
hatred for what it/they have done in the past (whichever god(s) you care to
pick).  That is assuming any records of their actions are correct.

Religon offers a bliss bubble of self contained reality which is seperate
from the physical world.  Any belief system can leave you in such a state
and so can drugs.  God(s) are not a requirement.  Only if you remove such
useless tappestry can you build a set of morals to build a society upon.
It is that or keep on exterminating those who don't believe (or converting
them).
  - Eric

NEW VIRUSES:

RIGHT TO LIFE VIRUS:  Won't allow you to delete a file, regardless of
how old it is.  If you attempt to erase a file, it requires you to first
see a counselor about possible alternatives.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53630
From: eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (A.Wainwright)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <C5rEKJ.49y@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
|> James Felder (spbach@lerc.nasa.gov) wrote:
|> 
|> : Logic alert -  argument from incredulity.  Just because it is hard for you 
|> : to believe this doesn't mean that it isn't true.  Liars can be very pursuasive
|> : just look at Koresh that you yourself cite.
|> 
|> This is whole basis of a great many here rejecting the Christian
|> account of things. In the words of St. Madalyn Murrey-O'Hair, "Face it
|> folks, it's just silly ...". Why is it okay to disbelieve because of
|> your incredulity if you admit that it's a fallacy?
|> 
|> Bill

I suppose for the same reason that you do not believe in all the gods.  Why
should any be any different?  I use the same arguments to dismiss Koresh
as I do god.  Tell me, then, why do you not believe that Koresh is the son
of god?  By logic it is equally possible that Koresh is Jesus reborn. 



-- 
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
|  Adda Wainwright        |    Does dim atal y llanw!         8o)         |
|  eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk |   8o)        Mae .sig 'ma ar werth!           |
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53631
From: eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (A.Wainwright)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

In article <C5rLyz.4Mt@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
|> This is fascinating. Atheists argue for abortion,

Prove it.  I am an atheist.  It doesn't mean I am for or against abortion.

|> defend homosexuality
|> as a means of population control, 

An obvious effect of homosexuality is non-procreation.  That, unlike your
statement, is a fact.  Please prove that (a) homosexuality is defended as 
means of population control, (b) being atheist causes you to hold these
beliefs.  I defend homosexuality because (a) what people do with their
bodies is none of my business (b) I defend the equal rights of
all humans.  Do you?

|> insist that the only values are
|> biological 

Define values. Prove your statement.

|> something is contardictory, it cannot exist, which in
|> this case means atheists I suppose.

Prove your statement.  Electrons are waves.  Electrons are particles.  I 
believe in both.  I have physical proof of both.  I have no proof of god(tm)
only an ancient book.  That is not indicative of the existence of a being
with omnipotence or omnipresence.  And, by your own argument, christians
don't exist.


|> I would like to understand how an atheist can object to war (an
|> excellent means of controlling population growth), or to capital
|> punishment, I'm sorry but the logic escapes me.
|> And why just capital punishment, what is being questioned here, the
|> propriety of killing or of punishment? What is the basis of the
|> ecomplaint?
|> 

First of all, your earlier statements have absolutely nothing to do
with your question.  Why did you post them?  To show that athiests,
besides not existing (your view), are more humane than christians/other
religions?


Secondly I am very much for the control of population growth.

The logic that you cannot grasp indicates ignorance of contraception.
But of course, this is 'outlawed' (sometimes literally) by religion
since if it can't create more followers, it will die.

I
|> Bill
|> 

-- 
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
|  Adda Wainwright        |    Does dim atal y llanw!         8o)         |
|  eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk |   8o)        Mae .sig 'ma ar werth!           |
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53632
From: <SMM125@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

jsn104 is jeremy scott noonan

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53633
From: willdb@wam.umd.edu (William David Battles)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <1993Apr16.223250.15242@ncsu.edu> aiken@news.ncsu.edu (Wayne NMI Aiken) writes:
>JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu wrote:
>: YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
>: PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>
>Did someone leave their terminal unattended again?
>
>--
>
>Holy Temple of Mass  $   >>> slack@ncsu.edu <<<    $  "My used underwear
>   Consumption!      $                             $   is legal tender in
>PO Box 30904         $     BBS: (919) 782-3095     $   28 countries!"
>Raleigh, NC  27622   $  Warning: I hoard pennies.  $     --"Bob"

Probably not! The jesus freak's post is probably JSN104@PSUVM. Penn State
is just loaded to the hilt with bible bangers. I use to go there *vomit* and
it was the reason I left. They even had a group try to stop playing 
rock music in the dining halls one year cuz they deemed it satanic. Kampus
Krusade for Khrist people run the damn place for the most part....except
the Liberal Arts departments...they are the safe havens.
-wdb

v
rock music in the dining
t


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53634
From: bakerlj@augustana.edu (LLOYD BAKER)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <735424748.AA00437@therose.pdx.com> Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen) writes:
>From: Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen)
>Subject: some thoughts.
>Date: Wed, 21 Apr 1993 03:25:06 -0800
>
>rh> From: house@helios.usq.EDU.AU (ron house)
>rh> Newsgroups: alt.atheism
>rh> Organization: University of Southern Queensland
>
>rh> bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:
>
>>	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 
>
>rh> I _know_ I shouldn't get involved, but...   :-)
>
>rh> [bit deleted]
>
>>	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.
>[rest of rant deleted]
>
>This is a standard argument for fundies.  Can you spot the falicy? The
>statement is arguing from the assumption that Jesus actually existed.  So far,
>they have not been able to offer real proof of that 
existance.  


***************************************************************************
	I just thought it necessary to help defend the point that Jesus 
existed.  Guys: Jesus existed.  If he didnt, then you have to say that 
Socrates didnt exist cuz he, like Jesus, has nothing from his hands that 
have survived.  Only Plato and others record his existance.  Many others 
record Jesus' existance, including the Babylonian Talmud.  Sorry guys, the 
argument that Jesus may not have existed is a dead point now.  He did.  
Whether he was God or whether there is a God is a completely different 
story, however. 
*****************************************************************************


Most of them
>try it using the (very) flawed writings of Josh McDowell and others to prove
>it, but those writers use VERY flawed sources.  (If they are real sources at
>all, some are not.)  When will they ever learn to do real research, instead of
>believing the drivel sold in the Christian bookstores.
>
>rh> Righto, DAN, try this one with your Cornflakes...
>
>rh> The book says that Muhammad was either a liar, or he was
>rh> crazy ( a  modern day Mad Mahdi) or he was actually who he
>rh> said he was. Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as
>rh> follows.  Who would  die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able
>rh> to tell if he was a liar?  People  gathered around him and
>rh> kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing  how his
>rh> son-in-law made the sun stand still.  Call me a fool, but I
>rh> believe  he did make the sun stand still.  
>rh> Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation
>rh> be drawn  to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact
>rh> rediculous.  For example  anyone who is drawn to the Mad
>rh> Mahdi is obviously a fool, logical people see  this right
>rh> away.
>rh> Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have
>rh> been the  real thing.  
>
>Nice rebutal!
>
>                   Alan
>

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53635
From: kax@cs.nott.ac.uk (Kevin Anthoney)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>
>The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
>But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
>you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
>love you. ...

There's a difference between believing in the existence of an entity,
and loving that entity. God _could_ show me directly that he exists,
and I'd still have a free choice about whether to love him or not. So
why doesn't he?
-- 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kevin Anthoney                                         kax@cs.nott.ac.uk
            Don't believe anything you read in .sig files.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53637
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

[to Benedikt Roseneau ]

#In article <1qv6at$fb4@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
#frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
# 
#>#The information of that is invariant under your child being a son or
#>#a daughter and singing about Santa Claus. Wasn't your argument that
#>#"there has to be more"?
#>More than what?
#More than we assume.

Which is what, exactly?

#>(a) Most of the people I debate disagree with my premises.  Hardly debate
#>    otherwise.
# 
#Your favorite point that we sense so it hs to be there has been challenged
#more than once. When I did it, you said, "good question", and did not
#address it.

I've addressed "it" (your caricature is not my "favourite point", needless
to say) at length in a previous outing, and am currently discussing it with 
Eric Rescorla.  

#>(b) There's little point in responding the same points everywhere; I do
#>    my best to give everyone the courtesy of a reply.
# 
#You still repeat that point.

I do? Curious, since I believe that was the first time I've ever made it.
Not that repetition would imply much more than your seeming inability
to understand; you ask me the same question, I'll give you the same
answer, especially when in this case, I know the answer to be true.  I
do my best to give everyone the courtesy of a reply, but if everyone is
making the same points, and I'm pushed for time, then I try to respond what I 
believe are the strongest formulations of those points.  If that doesn't
include your post, tough; this is USENET, and life is tough all over.

#>(c) Since there's a great deal of responses this isn't always feasible;  I
#>    do my best to honestly answer questions put to me.
# 
#You drop out of debates with some posters and continue with others. You appear
#with the same issue every n months, and start the dicussion at the beginning
#again.

I've only debated this issue twice in a.a, and occasionally in t.a.  The
first was in response to Simon Clippingdale's positive assertion that
disagreement about moral values inexorably acknowledges that morals
are relative.  It doesn't.   Now, Simon has dropped out of the debate
for some time; I take that to mean that he is either busy, or bored
with the topic.  I certainly do not accuse him of dishonesty.  Do you? 

#>(d) I can't always understand what you say
# 
#Neither can't I understand you all the time. Usually, one asks what the other
#side means.

Usually, one does.  Usually you're clear, but sometimes you aren't 
and I ask you what you mean; other times you seem to get extremely uptight 
and I feel that I'm debating against line noise.  Sometimes I get tired, and 
sometimes I have other things I'd rather do.  Again, this is USENET, and
life is tough all over.  You're going to have to deal with it.

#>(e) You're starting to get personally insulting; I may not even put your name
#>    in the hat in future.
#
#That's supposed to be a threat?

No, that's a simple statement, and an assertion that I am not answerable
to those who offer me baseless insults.  For example, those who accuse me 
of lying about my personal beliefs, while also complaining that I don't answer
their questions.  

#>#Like that you what you sense is evidence for the sensed to be there.
#>#If only everything would be so easy.
#>
#>What almost everyone senses is evidence for the sensed to be there.
#>Because to all intents and purposes, it *is* there.
#> #We had that argument. For one, your claim that everyone senses it
#is not founded, and you have been asked to give evidence for it often.
#And then, the correct statement would be it is reason to assume that it
#is there unless evidence against it has been found.

I have no problem with the second statement.  I have provided an
argument that almost everyone senses that Freedom is valuable - the
only cogent objection to this came from jon livesey, and was offered
by some other people too: essentially, that people disagree about
fuzzy concepts such as Freedom.  It's a good point, and I'm thinking
about it.
# 
#Your trick is to say, I feel A is not right, and so do many I know,
#therefore A is absolutely right. It neglects the possibility that
#these people consider A to be right as an effect of the same process,
#restricting the claim of its absoluteness to those who have been subject
#of that process. In other words, refutes it. You make the ontological
#claim, you have to prove it.

Nonsense.  My "trick" is to say:  I feel that A is better than B and so 
does almost any disinterested person I ask.  Best evidence is therefore 
that A really is better than B, subject to the assumption that we
can establish to our mutual satisfaction what we mean by A and B, and
that the resulting system of values is self-consistent.

Now get this:  "really is better" is an idealisation, a fictional model,
in the same sense that "real material existence" is a fictional model. It
may or may not correspond to something true.  It is nonetheless a useful
_assumption_.  Far more useful than the equally assumed relativist 
"trick", to wit:

I feel that A is better than B, and so does almost any disinterested person
I ask.  However, if even one person disagrees that A is better than B,
or if even one person dissents from mutually agreed definitions of A and B,
then it is the case that B is better than A for that person, and nothing
more can be said.  

I say this is useless because it inexorably implies that a supermajority
seeking to maximise A cannot morally take action against someone seeking to
maximise B (e.g. a terrorist).  To do that would be to claim that 
a supermajority's carefully considered morality would be better than the 
terrorist's - which would, of course, be true, but a no-no for an ethical
relativist.  To claim that ethical relativism implies anything else is
simply weasel words, and an example of compartmentalisation to rival
anything in the world of religion.

#>#For a similar argument, I sense morality is subjective, it does not
#>#hurt me to do things that are considered to be objectively wrong by
#>#others.
#>
#>If you mean that you do things that some others consider objectively
#>wrong, and it turns out not to be the case for you - of course this
#>is possible.  It is neither evidence for subjectivism, nor evidence
#>against objectivism (except sometimes, in a pragmatic sense).
#>
#It serves as a counterexample for that everything that is subject to
#judgements is absolute. And as long as you don't provide evidence for
#that there is something universally agreed upon there is no reason to
#believe your hypothesis.

I've done this: freedom, with the proviso that I still have to 
answer jon's objection that fuzzy concepts like freedom have no
objective meaning.

#Further, in order to make morality absolute, universal, or objective,
#you would have to show that it is independent of humans, or the attributes
#above look quite misleading.

Not really.  What evidence is there that _anything_ exists independently
of humans?  You'll be hard pressed to find any that isn't logically
equivalent when applied to values.

#>An analogous set of premises would be:
#>
#>Premise 1:  Some people believe that objectively speaking the shortest
#>            route  from my house to a bar is through the main entrance
#>            of the estate, and down the Malahide road.
#>
#>Premise 2:  I checked it out, and found that the shortest route from my
#>            which is much closer.
#>
#>You would never deduce from these that there is no shortest route from my
#>house to a bar; yet that is seemingly how you derive your relativist claim,
#>using premises which are logically no different.
#>
# 
#No. Morals are a matter of belief so far. The people still believe that the
#shortest way is through the main entrance. No agreement on *belief* here.
#And in order to have an analogy you would have to show that there is a
#shortest way and that there is a method to convince everyone of that it
#is the shortest way indeed. In other words,  your analogy works only when
#one assumes that your  premises are right in the first place. If not, it is
#a fallacy.

And if this were an argument for objectivism, you'd be right.  It isn't,
though, it's a demonstration that the argument you gave me is neither argument
*against* objectivism, nor argument *for* relativism.  Your gimmick is to
assume in the first place that values aren't real, and to use this to "prove"
that values aren't real.  In other words, you beg the question against me.

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53638
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

In article <1993Apr20.102306.882@batman.bmd.trw.com> jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>In article <1993Apr20.062328.19776@bmerh85.bnr.ca>, 
>dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham) writes:
>> [...] Actually, I rather like your idea.  Perhaps
>> the rest of the world should have bombed (or maybe missiled) Washington
>> when the US invaded Nicaragua, Grenada, Panama, Vietnam, Mexico, Hawaii,
>> or any number of other places.
>
>Wait a minute, Doug.  I know you are better informed than that.  The US 
>has never invaded Nicaragua (as far as I know).  We liberated Grenada 
>[...]

"Liberate" is the way an invader describes an invasion, including, if
I'm not mistaken, the Iraqi liberation of Kuwait.  Never invaded
Nicaragua?  Only with more word games: can you say "send in the
Marines?"  

>So if you mean by the word "invaded" some sort of military action where
>we cross someone's border, you are right 5 out of 6.  But normally
>"invaded" carries a connotation of attacking an autonomous nation.
>(If some nation "invades" the U.S. Virgin Islands, would they be
>invading the Virgin Islands or the U.S.?)  So from this point of
>view, your score falls to 2 out of 6 (Mexico, Panama).

Oh, good: word games.  If you let the aggressor pick the words,
there's scarcely ever been a reprehensible military action.


>> What's a "peace-nik"?  Is that somebody who *doesn't* masturbate
>> over "Guns'n'Ammo" or what?  Is it supposed to be bad to be a peace-nik?
>
>No, it's someone who believes in "peace-at-all-costs".  In other words,
>a person who would have supported giving Hitler not only Austria and
>Czechoslakia, but Poland too if it could have averted the War.  And one
>who would allow Hitler to wipe all *all* Jews, slavs, and political 
>dissidents in areas he controlled as long as he left the rest of us alone.

That's a convenient technique, much seen on alt.atheism: define those
who disagree with you according to a straw-man extreme that matches
virtually nobody.

>"Is it supposed to be bad to be a peace-nik," you ask?  Well, it depends
>on what your values are.  If you value life over liberty, peace over
>freedom, then I guess not.  But if liberty and freedom mean more to you
>than life itself; if you'd rather die fighting for liberty than live
>under a tyrant's heel, then yes, it's "bad" to be a peace-nik.

Very noble and patriotic.  I'm sure the fine young Americans who
carpet-bombed Iraqi infantry positions from over the horizon,
destroyed Iraq's sewer and water infrastructure from the safety of the
sky or further, or who bulldozed other Iraqi infantry into their
trenches [or more importantly the commanders who ordered them to] were
just thrilled to be risking death (if not risking it by much) in the
defense of the liberty of ... well, wealthy Kuwaitis.  Can't have
those oil-fields under a tyrant's heel if that tyrant is antagonistic
to US interests... 

>The problem with most peace-niks it they consider those of us who are
>not like them to be "bad" and "unconscionable".  I would not have any
>argument or problem with a peace-nik if they held to their ideals and
>stayed out of all conflicts or issues, especially those dealing with 
>the national defense.  But no, they are not willing to allow us to
>legitimately hold a different point-of-view.  

Having pigeon-holed "peace-niks" (in this context, "people who
disagree with me about the conduct of the Gulf War") into
"peace-at-all-cost-hitler-supporting-genocide-abetting-wimps", you can
now express righteous indignation when "they" refuse to fit this mold
and question the conduct of the war on legitimate terms.  HOW DARE
THEY!

>They militate and 
>many times resort to violence all in the name of peace.  (What rank
>hypocrisy!)  

Yes, hypocrisy indeed!  Those violent peace-niks!  (Care to list an
example here?)

>All to stop we "warmongers" who are willing to stand up 
>and defend our freedoms against tyrants, and who realize that to do
>so requires a strong national defense.

Wow: instant '80's nostalgia!  [Of course, "peace-nik" itself is a
'50's Cold War derogatory term equating those who promote pacifism
with Godless Pinko Communists].  Yes indeed, I felt my freedoms
mightily threatened by Iraq... 
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53639
From: MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <1r34n3$hfj@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp writes:

[ Deletia; in case anybody hadn't noticed, Frank and I are debating
  "objective morality", and seemingly hitting semantics. ]

> Secondly,  how can I refute your definition?  I can only point up its
> logical implications, and say that they seem to contradict the usage
> of the word "objective" in other areas.  Indeed, by your definition, an
> objective x is an oxymoron, for all x.  I have no quibble with that
> belief, other than that it is useless, and that "objective" is a perfectly
> good word.

      It may be that, being a non-native English-speaker, I've
misunderstood your usage of "objective", and tried to debate something
you don't assert; my apologies. I'm at a loss to imagine what you really
do mean, though.

>#      How many ages can the universe have, and still be internally self-
>#consistent? I'd be amazed if it was more than one. How many different
>#moral systems can different members of society have - indeed, single
>#individuals, in some cases - and humanity still stick together?
> 
> Begging the question.  People can have many opinions about the age
> of the universe and humanity can still stick together.   You are
> saying that the universe has a _real_ age, independent of my beliefs about
> it.  Why?

      Wrong point. The age of the universe has no direct effect on
humanity's sticking power, in the way the moral system of a society can
have.

      I'm saying the Universe has a "real age", because I see evidence
for it; cosmology, astronomy and so on. I say this age is independent of
people's opinions of it, because I know different people have a lot of
different opinions in the matter, yet empirical tests consistently seem
to give roughly the same results.

>#      The age of the universe, like most scientific facts, can be
>#emirically verified through means that'll give the same result no matter
>#who performs the testing (albeit there are error bars that may be on the
>#largish side...). 
> 
> This assumes that the universe has a real age, or any kind of reality
> which doesn't depend on what we think.

      I can't see how it does that. Put a creationist to the task of
performing the tests and calculations, see to it (s)he makes no blatant
errors in measuring or calculating, and the result of the test will be
the same.

> Why should an extreme Biblical
> Creationist give a rat's ass about the means of which you speak?

      Because logically consistent empirical tests contradict their
opinion. If those tests were just my opinion, then their own tests
(which would then be their opinion) would contradict mine, even if we
conducted said tests in identical manner, no? They don't, which I take
as showing these tests have some validity beyond our opinion of them.

>#I've heard of no way to verify morality in a
>#consistent way, much less compute the errors of the measurement; care to
>#enlighten me?
> 
> The same is true of pain, but painkillers exist, and can be predicted
> to work with some accuracy better than a random guess.

      Map the activity of nerves and neural activity, if you mean
physical pain. You have a sharp point, I'll give you that; but you still
haven't given me a way to quantify morality.

> I wrote
> elsewhere that morality should be hypotheses about observed value.

      We agree. Hypotheses, however, can change; I hold that there is no
"ultimate hypothesis of morality" towards which these changes could
gravitate, but that they could be changed in any way imaginable,
producing different results suitable for different tasks or purposes.

> If a moral system makes a prediction "It will be better if...",
> that can be tested,

      "Better" and "worse" are (almost?) always defined in the context
of a moral system. Your prediction will _always_ be correct, *within*
*that* *moral* *system*. What you need now is an objective definition of
"good" and "bad"; I wish you luck.

>#      People's *ideas* about the age of object X are *not* objective;
>#you can have any idea you like, and I can't stop you. Universae and
>#their ages is another ballgame; they are what they are, and if you
>#dislike some detail of them, that's a problem with your *opinion* of
>#them. 
> 
> Sure.  Assume an objective reality, and you get statements like this.

      Isn't that what _you're_ doing, when assuming an "objectively
real" morality? Besides, what _exactly_ is provably wrong with my
statement?

>#I claim that morality is an opinion of ours, and as such
>#subjective and individual. If I'm wrong, then some more-or-less
>#objectively "real" thing exists, which you label "objective morality";
>#can you back up this positive claim of existence?
> 
> Can you back up your positive claim above?  No.  That's because it's an
> assumption.  I make the same assumption about values, on the basis
> that there is no logical difference between the two, and the empirical
> basis of the two is precisely the same.

      Claiming there is no objective morality is suddenly a positive
claim? Besides, I think I _can_ lend some credence to my claim; ponder
different individuals, both fully functional as human beings and members
of society, but yet with wildly different moral codes. If morality was
"objective", at least one should be way off base, but yet hir
'incorrect' morality seems to function fine. How come?

      As for producing these individuals, it might be easiest to pick
them from different societies; say, an islamic one and some polynesian
matrilineal system, for example (if such still exist).

[ deletia - testing for footballs on desks ]

>#      Now take a look at morality. See anything? If so, please inform me
>#which way to look, and WHY to look that particular way, as opposed to
>#some other. Get my drift?
> 
> No. Just look.  Are you claiming never to know what good means?

      One thing is "good" under some circumstances, because we wish to
achieve some goal, for some reason. Other times we wish to do something
else, and that thing is no longer so clearly "good" at all.

      Some things are hard to make "good", because we'd seldom if ever
wish to achieve the sort of goal mass murder would lead one into. Still,
the Aztecs were doing fine until the Spaniards wiped them out.

      I almost always know what "good" means; sometimes I even know why.
I never claim this "good" is thereby fixed in stone, immutable.

[...]
>#      That's a simple(?) matter of proving the track record of the
>#scientific method.
> 
> I think it's great, and should be applied to values.  I may be completely
> wrong, but that's what I conclude as a result of quite an amount of
> thought.

      Yes, me too, and I've tried a thing or two down that line; it
doesn't look good for objective values to me at all.

-- 
  Disclaimer?   "It's great to be young and insane!"

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53640
From: rsrodger@wam.umd.edu (Yamanari)
Subject: Re: Asimov stamp

In article <schnitzi.735603785@eustis> schnitzi@eustis.cs.ucf.edu (Mark Schnitzius) writes:
>battin@cyclops.iucf.indiana.edu (Laurence Gene Battin) writes:
>
>>Apart from the suggestion that appeared in the letters column of
>>Skeptical Inquirer recently, has there been any further mention
>>about a possible Asimov commemorative stamp?  If this idea hasn't
>>been followed up, does anyone know what needs to be done to get
>>this to happen?  I think that its a great idea.  Should we start a
>>petition or something?
>
>I'm sure all the religious types would get in a snit due
>to Asimov's atheism.
>
>Do we have any atheists on stamps now?


	More to the point, how long are atheists going to be insulted
	by the disgraceful addition of religious blah-blah to our 
	money and out pledge?
-- 
	"What's big, noisy and has an IQ of 8?"

	"Operation Rescue."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53641
From: aiken@unity.ncsu.edu (Wayne NMI Aiken)
Subject: Re: Mottos to replace "In doG we trust"

Andrew Hilmer (hilmera@storm.cs.orst.edu) wrote:
: At the risk of beginning a cascade, I'll start with a possibly cheesy
: good 'ol Uhmericun:

: "Our shield is freedom"

Or, considering what our government has been doing for the past 50 years,
perhaps this would be more appropriate:

     "100% Debt"

--

Holy Temple of Mass  $   >>> slack@ncsu.edu <<<    $  "My used underwear
   Consumption!      $                             $   is legal tender in
PO Box 30904         $     BBS: (919) 782-3095     $   28 countries!"
Raleigh, NC  27622   $  Warning: I hoard pennies.  $     --"Bob"


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53642
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: islamic genocide

In article <1r76ek$7uo@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
#In article <1r5ubl$bd6@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
#|> In article <1r4o8a$6qe@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
#|> #
#|> #Noting that a particular society, in this case the mainland UK,
#|> #has few religously motivated murders, and few murders of *any*
#|> #kind, says very little about whether inter-religion murders elsewhere
#|> #are religiously motivated.
#|> 
#|> No, but it allows one to conclude that there is nothing inherent
#|> in all religion (or for that matter, in catholicism and protestantism)
#|> that motivates one to kill.
#
#"Motivates" or "allows?"    The Christian Bible says that one may kill
#under certain circumstances.   In fact, it instructs one to kill under
#certain circumstances.     

I'd say the majority of people have a moral system that instructs them
to kill under certain circumstances.  I do get your distinction between
motivate and allow, and I do agree that if a flavour of theism 'allows'
atoricities, then that's an indictment of that theism.  But it rather
depends on what the 'certain circumstances' are.  When you talk about
Christianity, or Islam, then at least your claims can be understood.
It's when people go to a general statement about theism that it falls
apart.  One could believe in a God which instructs one to be utterly
harmless.
#
#|> For my part, I conclude that something
#|> else is required.  I also happen to believe that that something
#|> else will work no less well without religion - any easy Them/Us will
#|> do.
#
#And what does religion supply, if not an easy Them/Us?

Not necessarily.  "Love thy neighbour" does not supply a them/us - it
demolishes it.  And my definition of religion is broader than my
definition of theism, as I have explained.
#
#|> #By insisting that even the murder of four labourers, chosen because
#|> #they were catholics, and who had nothing to do with the IRA, by 
#|> #Protestant extremists, is *not* religously motivated, I think what 
#|> #you are saying is that you simply will not accept *any* murder as 
#|> #being religiously motivated.
#|> 
#|> No.  What about that guy who cut off someone's head because he believed 
#|> he was the devil incarnate?  That was religously motivated.
#
#What about the Protestant extremists who killed four Catholic 
#labourers?     That *wasn't* religiously motivated?

Not in my opinion.  If they were doing it because of some obscure
point of theology, then yes.  But since all protestants don't do this
(nor do they elect extremists to do it for them), it's just too broad
too say "religion did this".  I'm saying that the causes are far more
complex than that - take away the religious element, and you'd still
have the powerful motives of revenge and misguided patriotism.  You
know, when most Catholics and Protestants worldwide say 'stop the 
killing', one might listen to that, especially when you claim not
to read minds.
#
#
#|> Also, the murders ensuing from the fatwa on Mr. Rushdie, the Inquisitions,
#|> and the many religous wars.
#
#What's so special about these exceptions?    Isn't this all just a
#grab-bag of ad-hoc excuses for not considering some other murders
#to be religiously motivated?    What's the general principle behind
#all this?

The general principle is that it's fairly clear (to me, at least) that
religion is the primary motivator (enabler, whatever) of these.  It's
not nearly so obvious what's going on when one looks at NI, apart
from violence of course.
#
#|> #It's not an abstract "argument".   Northern Irish Protestants say
#|> #"We don't want to be absorbed into am officially Catholic country."
#|> #
#|> #Now what are we supposed to do?   Are we supposed to reply "No,
#|> #that's only what you think you don't want.   Mr O'Dwyer assures us
#|> #that no matter what you say you want, you really want something 
#|> #else?"
#|> 
#|> You think the Unionists wouldn't mind being absorbed into a non-Catholic 
#|> country (other than the UK of course)?   It's a terrible thing to lose
#|> a mind.   Maybe the word "country" is there for more than just kicks.
#|> I certainly don't believe that the Unionists are in it for God - I think
#|> they wish to maintain their position of privilege.
#
#I'm still listening to what they say, and you are still telling us 
#your version of what they think.   You read minds, and I don't.

You've speculated on my motives often enough, and you don't take
my statements of my own beliefs at face value - therefore your claim 
not to read minds has no credibility with me, sorry.   I also note that 
you fail to answer my question.  It just looks to me very much like
you have an axe to grind - especially as you are indeed ignoring what 
most Protestants say - which is @stop the killing".  The people you
refer to are properly described as Unionists, not Protestants.
#
#As for their position of privilege, what is that if not religion-
#based?

It is based on politics, bigotry, and heartless extremism.  None of these
things are synonymous with religion, though there is certainly some
overlap.


-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53644
From: bobbe@vice (Robert Beauchaine;6086;59-323;LP=A;YAyG)
Subject: Re: Asimov stamp

In article <schnitzi.735603785@eustis> schnitzi@eustis.cs.ucf.edu (Mark Schnitzius) writes:
>
>I'm sure all the religious types would get in a snit due
>to Asimov's atheism.
>
>Do we have any atheists on stamps now?
>
>
  Due to a discussion on this group some time ago, the theists would
  more likely take an Asimov quote out of context and paint him as
  the biggest Bible thumpin', God fearin', atheist hatin' christian
  you ever laid eyes on.  Right up there with Einstein.


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53645
From: bobbe@vice (Robert Beauchaine;6086;59-323;LP=A;YAyG)
Subject: More Best of A.A



			RAPTURE - OCTOBER 28, 1992

		WHAT TO DO IN CASE YOU MISS THE RAPTURE

I. STAY CALM AND DO NOT PANIC

	Your natural reaction once you realize what has just occurred is to
panic.  But to do so is absolutely useless now.  If you had wanted to get right
with God before the rapture, you could have, but you chose to wait.  Now your 
only chance is to stay on this earth and to endure to the end of the 
Tribulation.  "But he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be 
saved." - Matthew 24:13

II. REALIZE YOU ARE NOW LIVING DURING THE GREAT TRIBULATION

	The Great Tribulation is a seven year period starting from the time of
the rapture until Christ's second coming.  Also know as "the time of Jacob's
(Israel's) trouble" (Jere 30:7) and "Daniel's Seventieth Week" (Dan 9), this 
period will be unparalleled in trouble and horror.

III. GATHER AS MANY BIBLES AS YOU CAN AND HIDE THEM

	Soon after the Antichrist becomes the leader of the European Community 
(the revived Roman Empire), Bibles will be confiscated and owning a Bible will
be tantamount to treason.  The Bible, however, will be your most valuable 
possession during the Tribulation.

IV. READ THE BIBLE LIKE YOU HAVE NEVER READ IT BEFORE IN YOUR LIFE

	Since all of your Bibles may be confiscated, even if you are careful, it
is imperative that you read the Word until you memorize whole passages and can
quote them.  It is especially important to read Daniel, Luke 21, Matthew 24, 
Revelation, and Amos, for these books describe the events you can expect to
unfold before you.  

V. PRAY LIKE YOU HAVE NEVER PRAYED BEFORE IN YOUR LIFE

	Pray until the power of God comes strongly upon you - pray and pray 
and pray.  Only by reading the Word and praying will you gain the spiritual 
strength to be able to withstand the torture you may have to endure for the
sake of Christ.  

VI. DO NOT TAKE THE MARK AT ANY COST - EVEN IN FIT MEANS YOU AND YOUR LOVED
ONES DIE AS MARTYRS

	After the Antichrist becomes the leader of the European Community, he
will institute a world economic system, designed so that you cannot buy, sell,
or eat unless you take his mark or the number of his name.  Money will be
useless.  "And he causes all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and 
slave, to receive a mark on their right hand or on their foreheads, and that
no one may buy or sell except one who has the mark or the name of the beast, 
or the number of his name.  Here is wisdom.  Let him who has understanding
calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man: His number
is 666" - Revelation 13:16-18.  
	The Antichrist will implement the greatest slaughter in all of 
humanity.  Think of the various ways people have been tortured and killed
in the past, such as the Holocaust.
[or maybe the crusades? -M]
You cannot even imagine the horror that will take place under the Antichrist's
rule; it will be much worse than anything in history (Matt 24:21) "...I saw
under the altar the souls of those who had been slain for the word of God and
for the testimony which they held.  And a white robe was given to each of 
them: and it was said to them that they should rest a little while longer, 
until both the number of the fellow servants and their brethren, who would be
killed as they were, was completed." Revelation 6:9, 11.
	His targets will be Jews and Christians who do not worship his image
or take the mark on their forehead or right hadn/ "...And I saw the souls of 
those who had been beheaded for their witness to Jesus and for the word of 
God, who had not worshiped the beast or his image, and had not received his mark
on their foreheads or on the hands." - Revelation 20:4.  He will use every
form of torture and humiliation in order to force you to renounce Christ.  Nor
will he hesitate to use your loved ones against you, even your children, 
torturing and killing them in front of you so that you will be tempted to take
the mark.  
	If you take the mark or worship the Antichrist or his image, however,
you will be consigned to the second death, which is the Lake of Fire.
[Sung about so eloquently by Johnny Cash...-M]
You cannot be redeemed.  It is better to endure torture for a short while and
gain eternal life then [sic] to endure eternal torment in the Ring^H^H^H^H Lake
of Fire.  "...If anyone worships the Beast and his image, and receives his 
mark on his forehead or on his hand, he himself shall also drink the wine of
the wrath of God, which is poured out full strength into the cup of His 
indignation.  An [sic] he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the 
presence of the holy angels and in the presence of the Lamb." -Revelation 
14:9-10 

[and probably in the presence of season-ticket holders; special hats given to
the first 5,000 at the stadium --M] 

VII. SET A PLAN IN MOTION FOR SURVIVAL

	Although you may not be able to hide from the Antichrist's government
until the end of the Tribulation, all of the time you gain in hiding is 
important for your spiritual growth and strengthening, since only those who are
extremely strong in Christ can suffer and die for His sake.
	The first thing to do is move out of the city and into a rural or
mountainous area, for the Antichrist's control will come last to the least
populated areas.  Take a good radio or TV with you so that you can stay 
attuned to events and discern the time schedule of the Tribulation.
["As you can see on the weather map, heavy currents of Tribulation will sweep
into our area by daybreak.  Expect delays on I-95 outbound, and perhaps school
closings" --M] 
Store water and food, because you will not be able to purchase anything without
the mark.  Water in lakes and streams will be polluted by radioactive waste
from nuclear warfare and will eventually turn into blood.
[Get a good water filter. --M]
Bring different types of clothing for all seasons, as well as flashlights,
batteries, generators, and First Aid supplies.  In short, learn how to 
survive and live off the land as the pioneers did.

VIII. TRUST NO ONE
	
	There will be secret agents everywhere, spying for the Antichrist's
government.  Be on the lookout.
[Perot supporters take note --M]

IX. WATCH FOR THE ANTICHRIST

	It is important to realize who the Antichrist is and what he is up to,
for he will deceive many into thinking that he is a great world leader who will
bring peace and prosperity to a world hungry for it.  We can infer from Daniel 
11 certain characteristics of this man.  Popular during the first three and a
half years of the Tribulation, he will dominate the airwaves.  He will be 
physically appealing, highly intelligent, with Christ-like charisma and 
personality.  An international politician, military tactician and economic
expert, his word will be peace; he will make a treaty with the Jews, which
he will break after three and a half years.  He will have such supernatural 
power that a mortal wound to his head will be healed.  Even the very elect will
be deceived.  If you do not pray and read the Bible, you too will be deceived.
[Dominate the airwaves?  Perhaps Howard Stern or Rush Limbaugh...-M]
	The antichrist will have a companion, the False Prohphet [sic], who
will make an image in the likeness of the Antichrist and cause it to speak.  
All who refuse to worhsip [sic] the image will be killed.  The final three and
a half years will be absolutely insane, with demonized spirits everywhere.

X. DO NOT GIVE UP HOPE!

	The seven years of Tribulation will end with the triumphant return of
Christ.  The Antichrist will be defeated.  Be steadfast and endure, and you 
will be rewarded greatly in Heaven.  
	Start reading the Bible and praying fervently now.  The salvation of 
your sould depends upon it.  Determine that, come what may, you will not take
the mark or worship the Antichrist.  You still have a chance to be saved or
remain saved, but this time you will have to be "faithful unto death."

	May God find you ready in the hour of his glorious return!

******************************************************************************
Mike Cluff				*  "Christianity is Stupid.
v22964qs@ubvms or mike%luick@ubvms	*   Give up." -Negativland
UB Language Perception Laboratory	*  
******************************************************************************


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

Bob Beauchaine bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM 

They said that Queens could stay, they blew the Bronx away,
and sank Manhattan out at sea.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53649
From: klap@dirac.phys.ualberta.ca (Kevin Klapstein)
Subject: Re: Are atoms real? 

In article <C5uE4t.G4K@news.rich.bnr.ca> bcash@crchh410.NoSubdomain.NoDomain  
(Brian Cash) writes:
> Petri and Mathew,
> 
> Your discusion on the "reality" of atoms is interesting, but it
> would seem that you are verging on the question "Is anything real":
> that is, since observation is not 100% reliable, how can we say
> that anything is "real".  I don't think this was the intention
> of the original question, since you now define-out the word
> "real" so that nothing can meet its criteria.
> Just a thought.
> 
> Brian /-|-\
> 
> PS  Rainbows and Shadows are "real": they are not objects, they
> are phenomenon.  An interesting question would be if atoms
> are objects (classical) or phenomenon (neo-quantum) or what?

I've been following this train of talk, and the question of dismissing atoms as  
being in some sense "not real" leaves me uneasy.

It seems to be implied that we obseve only the effects, and therefore the  
underlying thing is not necessarily real.  The tree outside my window is in  
this category... is observe the light which bounces off of it, not the tree  
itself.  The observation is indirect, but no more so than observations I have  
made of atoms.

Also, what about observations and experiments that have been routinely done  
with individual atoms.  I am thinking in particular of atom trapping  
experiments and tests of fundamental quantum mechanics such as the quantum Zeno  
effect, where an individual atom is studied for a long period of time.

Some of the attempts at quantum mechanical arguments were not very satisfying  
either.  One has to be carefull about making such arguments without a solid  
technical background in the field.  What I read seemed a little confused a  
quite a red herring.

Anyway, if the purpose of a public debate is to make the audience think, it  
worked.  After doing so, I'm willing to try to defend the following assertion  
if anyone cares:

Atoms are as real as trees, and are real in the ussual every-day sense of the  
word "real".


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53650
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <kmr4.1696.735588167@po.CWRU.edu>, kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>In article <1r98voINNr9q@lynx.unm.edu> cfaehl@vesta.unm.edu (Chris Faehl) writes:
>
>>> The myth to which I refer is the convoluted counterfeit athiests have
>>> created to make religion appear absurd. 
>>

You don't need any counterfeit athiest's myth to make religion
appear absurd.  You need only read any of friendly Christian
Bill Conner's posts.

-- 
 jim halat         halat@bear.com     
bear-stearns       --whatever doesn't kill you will only serve to annoy you--
   nyc             i speak only for myself





Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53654
From: dewey@risc.sps.mot.com (Dewey Henize)
Subject: Re: sci.skeptic.religion (Was: Why ALT.atheism?)

In article <93103.071613J5J@psuvm.psu.edu> John A. Johnson <J5J@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
>
>Standard groups (sci, soc, talk) must conform to stricter rules when being
>established and must show a certain volume of postings or else they will
>cease to exist.  These groups also reach more sites on USENET than alt
>groups.  I already posted my opinion to mathew's suggestion, which was that
>alt.atheism is on the verge of having too many garbage postings from
>fundies, and "elevating" its status to a standard group (and consequently,
>the volume of such postings) could make it unreadable.

I tend to agree.  I came here when it first started and watched it grow
from the roots on talk.religion.misc.  It seemed to take a while for enough
atheists to come forward to get past the "Let's trash Xians" and such.
Now there's a stable core, and frankly there's a feeling that this is
_our_ group.

If we go mainstream, we're going to be in a lot more places.  And every
fucking fundy loonie freshman will be dumping on us to find Jeesus! and
warn us that we're all going to Hell.

Want to see what we'll get?  Go real alt.fan.brother-jed and imagine that
those imbecilic tirades will be here.  All the time.  Every other post.

I'm being selfish.  I find I really learn a lot here and the S/N isn't too
bad.  The Browns and the Boobys are a distraction, but they are few enough
that they even bring in some of the leavening needed to offset them.  But
I greatly fear that mainstreaming would basically put us at the swamping
level of the Conners of the world.

Regards,
Dew
-- 
Dewey Henize Sys/Net admin RISC hardware (512) 891-8637 pager 928-7447 x 9637

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53655
From: dewey@risc.sps.mot.com (Dewey Henize)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie


Is it just me, or has this part gotten beyond useful?

Gregg is not, as I understand his posts, giving any support to the bounty
on Rushdie's life.  If that's correct, end of one point...

Gregg is using the concept of legal in a way most Westerners don't accept.
His comments about Islamic Law I think make a great deal of sense to him,
and are even making a _little_ sense to me now - if a person is a member
of a group (religion or whatever) they bind themselves to follow the ways
of the group within the bounds of what the group requires as a minimum.
The big bone of contention here that I'm picking up is that in the West
we have secular governments that maintain, more or less, a level of control
and of requirements outside the requirements of optional groups.  I think
the majority of us reading this thread are in tune (note - I didn't say
"in agreement") with the idea that you are finally responsible to the
secular government,  and within that to the group or groups a person may
have chosen.

With that in mind, it not possible under secular law ("legally" as most
people would define the term) to hold a person to a particular group once
they decide to separate from it.  Only if the secular authorities agree
that there is a requirement of some sort (contractual, etc) is there
any secular _enforcement_ allowed by a group to a group member or past
group member.

A religion can, and often does, believe in and require additional duties
of a group member.  And it can enforce the fulfillment of those duties
in many ways - ostracism is common for example.  But the limit comes when
the enforcement would impose unwanted and/or unaccepted onus on a person
_in conflict with secular law_.

This is the difference.  In a theocracy, the requirements of the secular
authorities are, by definition, congruent with the religious authorities.
Outside a theocracy, this is not _necessarily_ true.  Religious requirements
_may_ coincide or may not.  Similiarly, religious consequences _may_ or
may not coincide with secular consequences (if any).

Regards,

Dew
-- 
Dewey Henize Sys/Net admin RISC hardware (512) 891-8637 pager 928-7447 x 9637

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53656
From: dewey@risc.sps.mot.com (Dewey Henize)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr15.212943.15118@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:
[deletions]
>
>The fatwa was levelled at the person of Rushdie - any actions of
>Rushdie that feed the situation contribute to the legitimization of
>the ruling. The book remains in circulation not by some independant
>will of its own but by the will of the author and the publishers. The fatwa
>against the person of Rushdie encompasses his actions as well. The
>crime was certainly a crime in progress (at many levels) and was being
>played out (and played up) in the the full view of the media.
>
>P.S. I'm not sure about this but I think the charge of "shatim" also
>applies to Rushdie and may be encompassed under the umbrella
>of the "fasad" ruling.

If this is grounded firmly in Islam, as you claim, then you have just
exposed Islam as the grounds for terrorism, plain and simple.

Whether you like it or not, whether Rushdie acted like a total jerk or
not, there is no acceptable civilized basis for putting someone in fear
of their life for words.

It simply does not matter whether his underlying motive was to find the
worst possible way he could to insult Muslims and their beliefs, got that?
You do not threaten the life of someone for words - when you do, you
quite simply admit the backruptcy of your position.  If you support
threatening the life of someone for words, you are not yet civilized.

This is exactly where I, and many of the people I know, have to depart
from respecting the religions of others.  When those beliefs allow and
encourage (by interpretation) the killing of non-physical opposition.

You, or I or anyone, are more than privledged to believe that someone,
whether it be Rushdie or Bush or Hussien or whover, is beyond the pale
of civilized society and you can condemn his/her soul, refuse to allow
any members of your association to interact with him/her, _peacably_
demonstrate to try to convince others to disassociate themselves from
the "miscreants", or whatever, short of physical force.

But once you physically threaten, or support physical threats, you get
much closer to your earlier comparison of rape - with YOU as the rapist
who whines "She asked for it, look how she was dressed".

Blaming the victim when you are unable to be civilized doesn't fly.

Dew
-- 
Dewey Henize Sys/Net admin RISC hardware (512) 891-8637 pager 928-7447 x 9637

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53657
From: karner@austin.ibm.com (F. Karner)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.


In article <1993Apr20.195907.10765@mks.com>, mike@mks.com (Mike Brookbank) writes:
> In article <1993Apr15.151122.4746@mac.cc.macalstr.edu> acooper@mac.cc.macalstr.edu writes:
> >In article <bissda.4.734849678@saturn.wwc.edu>, bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:
> >> die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar?  
> >
> I light of yesterday's events in Waco, Texas I guess the answer to your
> questions are very obvious.  If you think Waco is just one example think
> back to 1972 in Jonestown where more than 900 people died for a lie.
> 
Deletions...

Correction.  I think it was 1978.  Also, contrary to earlier belief, it
is now widely accepted that not all committed suicide, but were actually
killed.  In the end, they did die for a lie, but some not out of
conviction alone.  Thought I try to make this point clear.
-- 

         DISCLAIMER: The opinions expressed in this posting are mine
            solely and do not represent my employer in any way.
       F. A. Karner AIX Technical Support | karner@austin.vnet.ibm.com

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53658
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Islam and Sufism (was Re: Move the Islam discussions...)

(Short reply to Kent Sandvik's post remarking how it is strange that
somehow Sufism is related to Islam, as [to him] they seem quite
different.)

If one really understands Islam, it is not strange that Sufism is
associated with it.  In fact, Sufism is (in general) seen as the "inner
dimension" of Islam.

One of the "roots" of the word "Islam" is "submission" -- "Islam"
denotes submission to God.  Sufism is the most complete submission to
God imaginable, in "annihilating" oneself in God.

(I am not a Sufi or on the Sufi path, but have read a lot and recently
have been discussing a number of things with others who are on the Sufi
path.)

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53660
From: jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only)
Subject: Nicknames

In article <UfnYJ2a00VoqIT9VpA@andrew.cmu.edu> nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu (Nanci Ann Miller) writes:
>jcopelan@nyx.cs.du.edu (The One and Only) writes:
>> Welcome.  I am the official keeper of the list of nicknames that people
>> are known by on alt.atheism (didn't know we had such a list, did you).
>> Your have been awarded the nickname of "Buckminster."  So the next time
>> you post an article, sign with your nickname like so:
>> Dave "Buckminster" Fuller.  Thanks again.
>> 
>> Jim "Humor means never having to say you're sorry" Copeland
>
>Of course, the list has to agree with the nickname laws laid down by the
>GIPU almost 2000 years ago (you know... the 9 of them that were written on
>the iron tablets that melted once and had to be reinscribed?).  Since I am
>a prophet of the GIPU I decree that you should post the whole list of
>nicknames for the frequent posters here!

If the first rule of humor is never having to say you're sorry then the 
second rule must be never having to explain yourself.  Few things are 
worse that a joke explained.  In spite of this, and because of requests
for me to post my list o' nicknames, I must admit that no such list
exists.  It was simply a plot device, along with me being the keeper
o' the list, to make the obvious play on the last name of Fuller and to
advance the idea that such a list should be made.

I assumed that the ol' timers would recognize it for what it is.  
Nevertheless, how about a list o' nicknames for alt.atheism posters?
If you think of a good one, just post it and see if others like it.
We could start with those posters who annoy us the most, like Bobby or
Bill.

Jim "D'oh! I broke the second rule of humor" Copeland
--
If God is dead and the actor plays his part                    | -- Sting,
His words of fear will find their way to a place in your heart | History
Without the voice of reason every faith is its own curse       | Will Teach Us
Without freedom from the past things can only get worse        | Nothing

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53661
From: jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War

In article <930414.121019.7E4.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk>, mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> writes:
> rush@leland.Stanford.EDU (Voelkerding) writes:
>>In article <1993Apr12.143834.26803@seachg.com> chrisb@seachg.com (Chris
>>Blask) writes:
>>>Add to this the outrageous cost of putting someone to death (special cell
>>>block, years of court costs, extra guards...) and the benefits of the death
>>>penalty entirely disappear.
>> 
>> That's because of your earlier claim that the one innocent death
>> overrides the benefit of all the others.  Obviously it's tragic,  but
>> it is no argument for doing away with the death penalty.  If we went
>> to war and worried about accidentally killing civilians all of the time
>> (because our determination of who the enemy really is is imperfect), then
>> there is no way to win the war.
> 
> Yes.  Fortunately we have right-thinking folks like your good self in power,
> and it was therefore deemed acceptable to slaughter tens or even hundreds of
> thousands of Iraqis in order to liberate oil^H^H^HKuwait.  We won the war,
> hurrah hurrah!

The number of civilian Iraqi deaths were way over-exaggerated and 
exploited for anti-war emotionalism by the liberal news media.  The
facts are that less Iraqis died in the Gulf War than did civilians 
in any other war of comparable size this century!  This was due mostly
to the short duration coupled with precise surgical bombing techniques
which were technically possible only recently.

The idea that "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi citizens died is
ludicrous.  Not even "hundreds of thousands" of Iraqi soldiers died,
and they were the ones being targeted!  Or do you think that the US
and its allies were specifically out to kill and maim Iraqi civilians?
Either the smart bombs didn't hit their targets (and we know they did),
or they were targeting civilian targets (!) which is hardly condusive to
destroying Iraq's military potential.  The military mission planners are
not fools, they know they have to hit *military* targets to win a war.
Hitting civilian targets does nothing but unite the people against you,
not a laudable goal if one wants the people to rise up against their
tyrant-dictator. 
> 
> OK, so some innocent people died.  Yes, maybe the unarmed civilians fleeing
> along that road didn't need to be bombed to bits.  Perhaps that kid with half
> his face burned off and the little girl with the mangled legs weren't
> entirely guilty.  But it's worth the death of a few innocents to save the
> oil^H^H^Hlives of the Kuwaiti people, isn't it?  After all, the Iraqis may
> not have had a chance to vote for Saddam, but they showed their acceptance of
> his regime by not assassinating him, right?  All that surrendering and
> fleeing along open roads was just a devious ploy.  We were entirely within
> our rights to bomb 'em just in case, without finding out if they were
> soldiers.

How about all the innocent people who died in blanket-bombing in WW2?
I don't hear you bemoaning them!  War is never an exact science, but
with smart bombs, it's becoming more exact with a smaller percentage
of civilian casualties.  Sometimes mistakes are made; targets are
misidentified; innocents die.  That's war the way it really is.
But the alternative, to allow tyrannical dictators to treat the earth
like it's one big rummage sale, grabbing everything they can get is
worse.  Like Patrick Henry said some 217 years ago, "I know not what
course others may take -- but as for me, give me liberty, or give me
death!"  War is always the price one must be willing to pay if one
wishes to stay free.   

> 
>> The death penalty was conceived as a deterrent to crime,  but the legal
>> shenanigans that have been added (automatic appeals, lengthy court
>> battles, etc.) have relegated that purpose to a very small part of what
>> it should be.  Hence the question is,  do we instate the death penalty as
>> it was meant to be, and see if that deters crime, or do we get rid of
>> it entirely?
> 
> Yes, let's reinstate the death penalty the way it ought to be.  All that shit
> about fair trials and a court of appeals just gets in the way of justice. 
> Let's give the police the absolute right to gun down the guilty, and save
> ourselves the expense of all those lawyers.
> 
> Think of the knock-on benefits, too.  LA would never have had to spend so
> much money cleaning up after riots and holding showcase trials if the cops
> had been allowed to do their job properly.  A quick bullet through the head
> of Rodney King and another for the cameraman, and everyone would have been
> saved a great deal of unnecessary paperwork and expense.
> 
> After all, if the police decide a man's guilty, that ought to be enough.  The
> fact that the death penalty has been shown not to have any deterrent effect
> over imprisonment, well, that's entirely irrelevant.
> 
> 
> mathew
> -- 

Mathew, your sarcasm is noted but you are completely off-base here.
You come off sounding like a complete peace-nik idiot, although I
feel sure that was not your intent.

So the Iraqi war was wrong, eh?  I'm sure that appeasement would have
worked better than war, just like it did in WW2, eh?  I guess we
shouldn't have fought WW2 either -- just think of all those innocent
German civilians killed in Dresden and Hamburg.  How about all the poor 
French who died in the crossfire because we invaded the continent?  We 
should have just let Hitler take over Europe, and you'd be speaking
German instead of English right now.

Tyrants like Hussein *have* to be stopped.  His kind don't understand
diplomacy; they only understand the point of a gun.  My only regret is
that Bush wimped out and didn't have the military roll into Baghdad, so
now Hussein is still in power and the Iraqi people's sacrifice (not to
mention the 357 Americans who died) was for naught.  Liberating Kuwait 
was a good thing, but wiping Hussein off the map would've been better!

And as for poor, poor Rodney King!  Did you ever stop and think *why*
the jury in the first trial brought back a verdict of "not guilty"?
Those who have been foaming at the mouth for the blood of those
policemen certainly have looked no further than the video tape.
But the jury looked at *all* the evidence, evidence which you and I
have not seen.  When one makes a judgment without the benefit of a
trial where evidence can be presented on both sides, one has simply
lowered himself to the level of vigilante justice, a state-of-mind
which your sarcasm above seemingly spoke against, but instead tends
to support in the case against the policemen.  

Law in this country is intended to protect the rights of the accused,
whether they be criminals or cops.  One is not found guilty if there is
a reasonable doubt of one's guilt, and only the jury is in a position
to assess the evidence and render a verdict.  Anyone else is simply
succumbing to verbal vigilantism.
       
Regards,

Jim B.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53663
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism

In <1993Apr19.140316.14872@cs.nott.ac.uk> eczcaw@mips.nott.ac.uk (A.Wainwright) writes:

>In article <1993Apr19.112706.26911@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>, darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:

>|> (Great respect or love for a particular person does not equal a form of
>|> "theism".)
>|> 
>|>  Fred Rice
>|>  darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

>Hmm.  What about Jesus?

Sure, a person could have great respect for Jesus and yet be an 
atheist.  (Having great respect for Jesus does not necessarily mean 
that one has to follow the Christian [or Muslim] interpretation of 
his life.) 

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53664
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Atheism survey

I replied to this query via e-mail, but I think there are some
issues that are worth discussing in public.

MTA (mtabbott@unix.amherst.edu) wrote:
> I am doing research on atheism, part of which involves field research here
> on the net.  The following is a survey directed towards all readers of this
> group, intended to get data about the basis of atheistic belief.

I would recommend you to take a look at

1) your dictionary
2) alt.atheism FAQ files

to notice that atheism is _not_ a belief system, and what is common
to all atheists is not a belief, but a _lack of belief in deities_.
I cannot imagine how anyone could do research on atheism without
paying careful attention to this issue. 

> First of all, I've tried to structure questions that can be answered in a
> variety of ways, with varying amounts of detail; it's possible to give 
> succinct answers to most everything, but there's enough here to keep most of 
> you typing for hours, I'm sure.

IMHO, this is a poor method to do any real survey, although I'm sure the
replies might keep you amused for hours.

> Also, I tend to use a lot of anthropological buzzwords like "belief system"
> although I know some of you might contend that you don't have ANY beliefs
> , but
> are skeptical towards everything.  I understand; but you know what I mean.
> Think of such buzzwords as abbreviations for the rather unweildy phrases 
> required to get the precise idea across.  

No, I do _not_ know what you mean. If you are surveying our individual
philosophies, fine, but that's not strictly atheism. Atheism is not
just another, godless version of the theistic explanations for life,
the universe and everything. It is not a belief system, and it could
hardly be called a philosophical system.

Once more: Atheism is characterised by lack of belief in deities. 
Do not twist the meaning, or assume that we have some kind of
philosophy we all agree on.

Some comments on your questions:

> What contact with other atheists have you had; before and after (and during)
> your "conversion" to atheism?  (Certainly your involvement with alt.atheism
> counts -- how have net discussions affected your beliefs?)  

I would also like to hear more about this. Have we been able to 'convert'
anyone?

> Are you convinced that your beliefs were acquired through wholly rational
> means (proofs of the non-existence of God, etc), or was it perhaps, at least 
> in part, through other means (alienation from mainstream religion, etc)?  

This question contains a contradiction in terms. _Beliefs_ 
cannot be acquired rationally - if they could, they would not be 
beliefs! You also seem to have rather strange ideas of how people become
atheists - those who are alienated from religion do not necessarily
become atheists, they just think very little about religion. It seems
it requires a considerable time of honest inquiry to find out that
religions are actually intellectually dishonest virtual realities.

Those who have never had beliefs will certainly find this question
quite odd - how can lack of belief be acquired? When did I acquire
lack of belief in the Easter Bunny? (I did believe in Santa, though ;-))

> To what extent do you feel you "understand" the universe through your 
> beliefs? What phenomena of the universe and of human existence (anything
> from physical phenomena to the problem of the existence of evil in human
> affairs) do you feel are adequately dealt with by your beliefs, and where
> are they lacking as an explanatory method?  

This question does not make any sense, since atheism does not deal with
these issues - it is not a worldview, or a philosophy, or a belief system.

Sigh, why haven't I seen a good, well-thought survey in the Usenet
for three years... and what is the point of doing surveys in the net,
anyway? Just to abstract some opinions?

Petri

--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53667
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Theism and Fanatism (was: Islamic Genocide)

In article <16BB7B863.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
#In article <1r0sn0$3r@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
#frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
# 
#>|>#>#Theism is strongly correlated with irrational belief in absolutes. Irrational
#>|>#>#belief in absolutes is strongly correlated with fanatism.
# 
#(deletion)
# 
#>|Theism is correlated with fanaticism. I have neither said that all fanatism
#>|is caused by theism nor that all theism leads to fanatism. The point is,
#>|theism increases the chance of becoming a fanatic. One could of course
#>|argue that would be fanatics tend towards theism (for example), but I just
#>|have to loook at the times in history when theism was the dominant ideology
#>|to invalidate that conclusion that that is the basic mechanism behind it.
#>
#>IMO, the influence of Stalin, or for that matter, Ayn Rand, invalidates your
#>assumption that theism is the factor to be considered.
# 
#Bogus. I just said that theism is not the only factor for fanatism.
#The point is that theism is *a* factor.

That's your claim; now back it up.  I consider your argument as useful
as the following:  Belief is strongly correlated with fanaticism.  Therefore
belief is *a* factor in fanaticism.  True, and utterly useless.  (Note, this
is *any* belief, not belief in Gods)

#>Gullibility,
#>blind obedience to authority, lack of scepticism, and so on, are all more
#>reliable indicators.  And the really dangerous people - the sources of
#>fanaticism - are often none of these things.  They are cynical manipulators
#>of the gullible, who know precisely what they are doing.
# 
#That's a claim you have to support. Please note that especially in the
#field of theism, the leaders believe what they say.

If you believe that, you're incredibly naive.

#>Now, *some*
#>brands of theism, and more precisely *some* theists, do tend to fanaticism,
#>I grant you.  To tar all theists with this brush is bigotry, not a reasoned
#>argument - and it reads to me like a warm-up for censorship and restriction
#>of religious freedom.  Ever read Animal Farm?
#>
#That's a straw man. And as usually in discussions with you one has to
#repeat it: Read what I have written above: not every theism leads to
#fanatism, and not all fanatism is caused by theism. The point is,
#there is a correlation, and it comes from innate features of theism.

No, some of it comes from features which *some* theism has in common
with *some* fanaticism.    Your last statement simply isn't implied by
what you say before, because you're trying to sneak in "innate features
of [all] theism".  The word you're groping for is "some".

#Gullibility, by the way, is one of them.

No shit, Sherlock.  So why not talk about gullibility instead of theism,
since it seems a whole lot more relevant to the case you have, as opposed
to the case you are trying to make?

#And to say that I am going to forbid religion is another of your straw
#men. Interesting that you have nothing better to offer.

I said it reads like a warm up to that.  That's because it's an irrational
and bogus tirade, and has no other use than creating a nice Them/Us 
split in the minds of excitable people such as are to be found on either
side of church walls.

#>|>(2)  Define "irrational belief".  e.g., is it rational to believe that
#>|>     reason is always useful?
#>|>
#>|
#>|Irrational belief is belief that is not based upon reason. The latter has
#>|been discussed for a long time with Charley Wingate. One point is that
#>|the beliefs violate reason often, and another that a process that does
#>|not lend itself to rational analysis does not contain reliable information.
#>
#>Well, there is a glaring paradox here:  an argument that reason is useful
#>based on reason would be circular, and argument not based on reason would
#>be irrational.  Which is it?
#>
#That's bogus. Self reference is not circular. And since the evaluation of
#usefulness is possible within rational systems, it is allowed.

O.K., it's oval.  It's still begging the question, however.  And though
that certainly is allowed, it's not rational.  And you claiming to be
rational and all.

At the risk of repeating myself, and hearing "we had that before" [we
didn't hear a _refutation_ before, so we're back.   Deal with it] :
you can't use reason to demonstrate that reason is useful.  Someone
who thinks reason is crap won't buy it, you see.

#Your argument is as silly as proving mathematical statements needs mathematics
#and mathematics are therfore circular.

Anybody else think Godel was silly?

#>The first part of the second statement contains no information, because
#>you don't say what "the beliefs" are.  If "the beliefs" are strong theism
#>and/or strong atheism, then your statement is not in general true.  The
#>second part of your sentence is patently false - counterexample: an
#>axiomatic datum does not lend itself to rational analysis, but is
#>assumed to contain reliable information regardless of what process is
#>used to obtain it.
#>
# 
#I've been speaking of religious systems with contradictory definitions
#of god here.
# 
#An axiomatic datum lends itself to rational analysis, what you say here
#is a an often refuted fallacy. Have a look at the discussion of the
#axiom of choice. And further, one can evaluate axioms in larger systems
#out of which they are usually derived. "I exist" is derived, if you want
#it that way.
#
#Further, one can test the consistency and so on of a set of axioms.
# 
#what is it you are trying to say?

That at some point, people always wind up saying "this datum is reliable" 
for no particular reason at all.  Example: "I am not dreaming".

#>|Compared the evidence theists have for their claims to the strength of
#>|their demands makes the whole thing not only irrational but antirational.
#>
#>I can't agree with this until you are specific - *which* theism?  To
#>say that all theism is necessarily antirational requires a proof which
#>I suspect you do not have.
#>
# 
#Using the traditonal definition of gods. Personal, supernatural entities
#with objective effects on this world. Usually connected to morals and/or
#the way the world works.

IMO, any belief about such gods is necessarily irrational.  That does
not mean that people who hold them are in principle opposed to the exercise of
intelligence.  Some atheists are also scientists, for example.

#>|The affinity to fanatism is easily seen. It has to be true because I believe
#>|it is nothing more than a work hypothesis. However, the beliefs say they are
#>|more than a work hypothesis.
#>
#>I don't understand this.  Can you formalise your argument?
# 
#Person A believes system B becuase it sounds so nice. That does not make
#B true, it is at best a work hypothesis. However, the content of B is that
#it is true AND that it is more than a work hypothesis. Testing or evaluating
#evidence for or against it  therefore dismissed because B (already believed)
#says it is wronG/ a waste  of time/ not possible. Depending on the further
#contents of B Amalekites/Idolaters/Protestants are to be killed, this can
#have interesting effects.

Peculiar definition of interesting, but sure.  Now show that a belief
in gods entails the further contents of which you speak.   Why aren't my 
catholic neighbours out killing the protestants, for example?   Maybe they 
don't believe in it.  Maybe it's the conjunction of "B asserts B" and
"jail/kill dissenters" that is important, and the belief in gods is
entirely irrelevant.  It certainly seems so to me, but then I have no
axe to grind here. 

-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53669
From: dps@nasa.kodak.com (Dan Schaertel,,,)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article 21627@ousrvr.oulu.fi, kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko) writes:
|>Dan Schaertel,,, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) wrote:
|>
|>
|>I love god just as much as she loves me. If she wants to seduce me,
|>she'll know what to do. 
|>

But if He/She did you would probably consider it rape.  

|>: Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
|>: that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
|>: Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
|>: the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
|>: know more than you do now. 
|>
|>Your argument is of the type "you'll know once you try".
|>Yet there are many atheists who have sincerely tried, and believed
|>for many years, but were eventually honest enough to admit that 
|>they had lived in a virtual reality.
|>

Obviously there are many Christians who have tried and do believe. So .. ?

|>: To learn you must accept that which you don't know.
|>
|>What does this mean? To learn you must accept that you don't know 
|>something, right-o. But to learn you must _accept_ something I don't
|>know, why? This is not the way I prefer to learn. It is unwise to
|>merely swallow everything you read. Suppose I write a book telling
|>how the Great Invisible Pink Unicorn (tm) has helped me in my
|>daily problems, would you accept this, since you can't know whether
|>it is true or not?
|>

No one asks you to swallow everything, in fact Jesus warns against it.   But let
me ask you a question.  Do you beleive what you learn in history class, or for
that matter anything in school.  I mean it's just what other people have told
you and you don't want to swallow what others say. right ... ?

The life , death, and resurection of Christ is documented historical fact.  As much
as anything else you learn.  How do you choose what to believe and what not to?
I could argue that George Washington is a myth.  He never lived because I don't
have any proof except what I am told.   However all the major events of the life
of Jesus Christ were fortold hundreds of years before him.  Neat trick uh?

There is no way to get into a sceptical heart.  You can not say you have given a 
sincere effort with the attitude you seem to have.  You must TRUST, not just go 
to church and participate in it's activities.  Were you ever willing to die for what
you believed?  





Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53670
From: arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee)
Subject: Re: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Constructing a Logical Argument

Here's a suggestion for the logical argument FAQ.  I don't think it's covered,
though the fallacy probably has a better name than the one I used:  How about
it, mathew?

INCONSISTENCY AND COUNTEREXAMPLE

This occurs when one party points out that some source of information takes
stand A, which is inconsistent with B.  There are two variations in which B is
either a mutually-agreed-on premise or else a stand elsewhere from the same
source.  The second party fallaciously responds by saying "see, the source
really does say B, it's right here!"; this reply does not refute the allegation
of inconsistency because it does not show that the source _only_ says B.

Example of the first type: "The Koran says unbelievers should be treated in
these ways.  We can both agree these are immoral."  "The Koran clearly says in
this other passage that unbelievers are not to be treated that way."

Example of the second type: "There are two Biblical creation stories."  "You're
wrong, since the Bible clearly describes the creation as [description]."
--
"On the first day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Leftover Turkey!
On the second day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Turkey Casserole
    that she made from Leftover Turkey.
[days 3-4 deleted] ...  Flaming Turkey Wings! ...
   -- Pizza Hut commercial (and M*tlu/A*gic bait)

Ken Arromdee (arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53671
Subject: Religion As Cause  (Was: islamic authority over women)
From: SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (Scott D. Sauyet)

Bill Conner (bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu) writes:

[ ... my stuff deleted ... ]

> I don't have to make outrageous claims about religion's affecting and
> effecting history, for the purpsoe of a.a, all I have to do point out
> that many claims made here are wrong and do nothing to validate
> atheism. 

Bill, you seem to have erroneously assumed that this board has as its
sole purpose the validation of atheism.  It doesn't.  This board is
used to discuss atheism as a philosophy, to share posters' experiences
regarding atheism, to debunk various theisms and theism as a whole, to
share resources relating to atheism, and even to socialize with others
with similar views.  And of course with the number of theists who come
here to preach, it is also used to argue the case for atheism. 


>           At no time have I made any statement that religion was the
> sole cause of anything, what I have done is point out that those who
> do make that kind of claim are mistaken, usually deliberately. 

If you want to accuse people of lying, please do so directly.  The
phrase "deliberately mistaken" is rather oxymoronic.

 
> To credit religion with the awesome power to dominate history is to
> misunderstand human nature, the function of religion and of course,
> history. I believe that those who distort history in this way know
> exaclty what they're doing, and do it only for affect.

The two forms of theism most often discussed here these days are
Christianity and Islam.  Both of these claim to make their followers
into good people, and claim that much of benefit to humanity has been
accomplished through their faiths.  IMHO they are right.  The American
Friends Service Committee (Quaker), Catholic Relief Services, Bread
For The World, Salvation Army soup kitchens, and Mother Theresa spring
to mind.  (Can someone with more knowledge of Islam supply the names
of some analagous Islamic groups?)  

When Mother Theresa claims that her work is an outgrowth of her
Christianity, I believe her.  Her form of theism ascribes to her deity
such a benevolence toward humanity that it would be wrong not to care
for those in need.  The point is that such a philosophy does have the
power to change the behavior of individuals;  if it is widespread
enough, it can change societies.

The same works for the horrors of history.  To claim that Christianity
had little to do with the Crusades or the Inquisition is to deny the
awesome power that comes from faith in an absolute.  What it seems you
are doing twisting the reasonable statement that religion was never
the solitary cause of any evil into the unreasonable statement that
religion has had no evil impacts on history.  That is absurd.

 -- Scott Sauyet            ssauyet@eagle.wesleyan.edu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53673
From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Books

edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary) writes:
> While we're on the topic of books, has anyone else noticed that Paine's
> "The Age of Reason" is hard to find.  I've been wanting to pick up
> a copy for a while, but not bad enough to mail order it.  I've noticed
> though that none of the bookstores I go to seem to carry it.  I thought
> this was supposed to be classic.  What's the deal?

Actually, I've got an entire list of books written by various atheist
authors and I went to the largest bookstore in my area (Pittsburgh) and
couldn't find _any_ of them.  What section of the bookstore do you find
these kinds of books in?  Do you have to look in an "alternative" bookstore
for most of them?  Any help would be appreciated (I can send you the list
if you want).

Thanks,
Nanci
.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
The fate of the country does not depend on what kind of paper you drop into
the ballot box once a year, but on what kind of man you drop from your
chamber into the street every morning.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53675
From: Nanci Ann Miller <nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: College atheists

nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu (David Nye) writes:
> I read an article about a poll done of students at the Ivy League
> schools in which it was reported that a third of the students
> indentified themselves as atheists.  This is a lot higher than among the
> general population.  I wonder what the reasons for this discrepancy are?
> Is it because they are more intelligent?  Younger?  Is this the wave of
> the future?

I would guess that it probably has something to do with the ease of which
ideas and thoughts are communicated on a college campus.  In the real world
(tm) it's easier for theists (well, people in general really) to lock
themselves into a little bubble where they only see and talk to those
people who are of the same opinion as they are.  In college you are
constantly surrounded by and have to interact with people who have
different ideas about life, the universe, and everything.  It is much much
harder to build a bubble around yourself to keep everyone else's ideas from
reaching you.

So, in a world where theists are forced to contend with and listen to
atheists and theists of other religions some are bound to have a change in
their beliefs over four years.  There is nowhere to run.... :-)

> David Nye (nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu).  Midelfort Clinic, Eau Claire WI
> This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
> must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. -- Bertrand Russell

Nanci
.........................................................................
If you know (and are SURE of) the author of this quote, please send me
email (nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu):
The fate of the country does not depend on what kind of paper you drop into
the ballot box once a year, but on what kind of man you drop from your
chamber into the street every morning.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53676
From:  (Rashid)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr22.132909.5001@nic.csu.net>,
davec@silicon.csci.csusb.edu (Dave Choweller) wrote:
> 
> In article <1993Apr22.004405.28052@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:
> [stuff deleted...]
> >The point of my post was that Rushdie was not being condemned solely
> >for the "words" in his book (although this was certainly a contributing
> >factor). It was the whole series of actions of Rushdie and his
> >publishers following the publication of the book and the initial media
> >spotlight placed on the book, that (in large part) led to the fatwa. The
> >kind of fatwa levelled against Rushdie is not lightly placed and there
> >are any number of anti-Islamic writers both within and outside the
> >Islamic world who have not had fatwas made against them. Here, someone
> >who adds fuel to an explosive situation, might be charged with incitement
> >to riot - if people die in the rioting the charges against him might
> >become even more serious.
> 
> How can Rushdie be blamed for the deaths of people who are demonstrating
> against him?  The deaths should be blamed on the people who dealt with
> the demonstrations, or on the demonstrators themselves, if they were
> violent.  To what lengths will you go to justify this barbaric behaviour
> against Rushdie?

Once the Rushdie situation exploded into the media, the Muslim voice on
the matter of the book was effectively restricted to short video bytes
showing
the dramatic highlights of Muslim demonstrations. For every twenty or so
newspaper, magazine articles, interviews etc. supporting Rushdie, there
would
appear one Muslim voice. This person was usually selected based on how
dramatic and incoherent he was, not on his knowledge of Islam or the
situation at the time. This approx. twenty to one ratio continued
throughout the escalation of the crisis, with Rushdie in the central
spotlight as the man of the moment, the valiant defender of everyman's
right to free speech decoupled from responsibility. (As an aside, it's
interesting that while the hue and cry about freedom of speech went up,
some books (defaming certain ethnic and religious groups) continued
to be banned here. It was felt that they injured the sensibilities of these

groups and presented a false image which could promote feelings of 
hate towards these groups. For Muslims this kind of double standard 
was annoying.)

Rushdie saw this spotlight as a golden opportunity to lash out at
"organized"
Islam, and he did so with admirable verbal skill. The only kind of Islam
which Rushdie finds palatable is what he calls a "secular" Islam - an Islam
separated from it's Qur'an, it's Prophet, God, its legislation, and most
importantly from any intrusion into any political arena. Fine - Rushdie
made
his views known - the Muslim's made their anger at his book known. The
scale of the whole affair erupted into global proportions - it was, by this
time,
already a political situation - affecting governments as well as
individuals.
The situation was a serious one, with far-reaching political implications.
At the centre of this turmoil was Rushdie, throwing fuel on the fire -
engaged
in a personal crusade that made him oblivious to any sense of caution.

Now you may feel that the person in the centre of a worldwide storm such as

this has no responsibility, has no reason to exercise restraint of any
kind, has no
obligation to perhaps step back momentarily out of the spotlight till
matters calm down. Perhaps you even feel that he is justified in "boldly"
defying the anger of all those who dare to take umbrage at his literary
work, no matter what insult they find within it. Perhaps you see him as
a kind of secular "heroic Knight",mounted on the his media steed,
 doing battle with the "dragon" of Islamic "fundamentalism".

Well Khomeini saw him as a disingeneous author who 
grew up in a Muslim atmosphere, knew well what Muslim's hold dear, 
who wrote a book which mischievously uses certain literary conventions
to slander, insult, and attack Islam and its most notable personalities -
who, when
faced with a situation that became a worldwide crisis, continued with
his mischief in the world stage of the media - who, even after people were
injured and killed because of the magnitude and emotion of the situation,
continued his mischief, instead of having the good sense to desist.
Khomeini saw the crisis as mischief making on a grand scale, mischief
making that grew in scale as the scale of the crisis enlarged. The deaths
of Muslims around the world and Rushdie's continued media mischief
even after this, was the triggering factor that seemed to
decide Khomeini on putting a stop to the mischief. The person at the
centre of all these events was Rushdie - he was the source of the
continuing mischief - all media support, government support was
just that - support. The source was Rushdie (and his publishers, who
were nothing short of ecstatic at the publicity and were very happy
to see Rushdie constantly in the media). The Islamic rulings that
deal with people who engage in this kind of grand-scale mischief
making, was applied to Rushdie.

>You're attempts at justification are not doing the
> image of Islam any good.

I have made no attempts at justification, only at explanation. "Image" is
the chief concern of Muslim 'apologists' for Islam and for Rushdie.
If Muslims willingly relegated themselves to becoming a sub-culture
within a larger secular culture, such that the secular principles and laws
had precedence over the laws of Islam - then I have no doubt that Islam
would then be thought to have a good "image" (Principally because it would
by and large reflect the secular image). A "good image" usually means " be
more
like me".

Your attempts at TOTALLY exonerating Rushdie reflect exactly the attitude
that
resulted in the polarization brought about by the crisis.

>  In Iran, the situation was monitored for many
> >months - when Rushdie kept adding fuel to the flames through the free
> >worldwide voice that the media gave him, the situation was monitored
> >more seriously. When, even after many deaths occured worldwide, Rushdie
> >still did not desist - the fatwa was pronounced. When behaving like
> >a total jerk endangers lives, and the jerk sees this and still insists
> >on his right to behave like a total jerk - he has the rug jerked out
> >from under him.
> 
> If the muslims didn't make such a big fuss over the book, like issuing
> death threats, and killing publishers, NO ONE WOULD HAVE HEARD OF IT.

The fatwa came later - much later. If Rushdie didn't mouth off so much in
the
media, the fuss would have died down - no one would have been killed, no
fatwa would have been passed - the whole episode would have fizzled away.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53677
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?
From: sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed)

In article <116547@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
>Yes. The Qur'an discusses this point in several ways, some of
>them quite directly. For example, it says that if God _were_
>to appear them there would be no need for faith and belief as
>the evidence would be definitive.

Ah! Excellent. So why doesn't she appear to me? I'm a little weak in the
blind faith department. (Besides, she doesn't even really need to appear:
how about, oh say, a little tip - something like "put your all on #3 in the
7:30 at the Dog Races" ... perhaps in a dream or vision.)

>>How do we know that
>>Muhammed didn't just go out into the desert and smoke something? 
>
>Would a person who was high write so well and with such consistency?

I'm afraid I don't know arabic; I have only read translations. I wouldn't
know it if it were well-written. (Consistent, though, is one thing the Quran
is not.)  And have *you* read it in arabic?  Besides, some of my best
writing has been done under the influence of, shall we say, consciousness
altering substances.

>>And how
>>do we know that the scribes he dictated the Quran to didn't screw up, or
>>put in their own little verses? 
>
>They'd have to be very good to do so without destroying the beauty
>and literary quality of text Arabic text. 

Yes, so? How do we know they *weren't* very good? (Again, assuming that the
Quran is beautfully written.)

>>And why can Muhammed marry more than four women, 
>>when no other muslim is allowed to? 
>
>Muhammad did not exceed the number _after_ the revelation regulating
>the number of wives a man could marry, but before it.

Ok, I retract this point. (Although I might still say that once he knew, he
should have done something about it.)

>>(Although I think the biggest
>>insult to Islam is that the majority of its followers would want to
>>suppress a book, sight unseen, on the say-so of some "holy" guy. Not to
>>mention murder the author.)
>
>I agree. But is it really true that this is the case?

I haven't interviewed all muslims about this; I would really like it if this
were false. But I can't take it on your say-so - what are your sources?

>Another case of judging principles on the basis of those who claim
>to follow them.

What other basis do we have to judge a system? Especially when we can't get
a consistent picture of what Islam "really" is. Do I believe Khomeini? Do I
go by the Imam of the mosque in Mecca? Or perhaps the guy in New Jersey? Or
perhaps you say I should go only by the Quran. Ok, whose translation? And
what about things like "And wherever you find idolators, kill them"?

-s
--
  Shamim Mohamed / {uunet,noao,cmcl2..}!arizona!shamim / shamim@cs.arizona.edu
  "Take this cross and garlic; here's a Mezuzah if he's Jewish; a page of the
    Koran if he's a Muslim; and if he's a Zen Buddhist, you're on your own."
   Member of the League for Programming Freedom - write to lpf@uunet.uu.net

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53753
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie
From: kmagnacca@eagle.wesleyan.edu

In article <115621@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
> In article <1993Apr15.135650.28926@st-andrews.ac.uk> nrp@st-andrews.ac.uk (Norman R. Paterson) writes:
> 
>>I don't think you're right about Germany.  My daughter was born there and
>>I don't think she has any German rights eg to vote or live there (beyond the
>>rights of all EC citizens).  She is a British citizen by virtue of
>>her parentage, but that's not "full" citizenship.  For example, I don't think
>>her children could be British by virtue of her in the same way.
> 
> I am fairly sure that she could obtain citizenship by making an
> application for it. It might require immigration to Germany, but
> I am almost certain that once applied for citizenship is inevitable
> in this case.

Nope, Germany has extremely restrictive citizenship laws.  The 
ethnic Germans who have lived in Russia for over 100 years 
automatically become citizens if they move to Germany, but the
Turks who are now in their third generation in Germany can't.
It's not a very good example to show citizenship without descent.

Karl
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| "Lastly, I come to China in the hope      | "All you touch and all you see  |
| of fulfilling a lifelong ambition -       | Is all your life will ever be." |
| dropping acid on the Great Wall."  --Duke |                 --Pink Floyd    |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|         A Lie is still a Lie even if 3.8 billion people believe it.         |
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53754
From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

>>>>> On Fri, 16 Apr 1993 15:50:02 EDT, <JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu> said:

J> YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
J> PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!

Hmm, I've got my MST3K lunch box, my travel scrabble, and a couple of
kegs of Bass Ale.  I'm all set!  Let's go everybody! 
--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53755
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <16BB112525.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
 
>I assume that you  say here a religious law is for the followers of the
>religion. That begs the question why the religion has the right to define
>who is a follower even when the offenders disagree.

No, I say religious law applies to those who are categorized as
belonging to the religion when event being judged applies. This
prevents situations in which someone is a member of a religion
who, when charged, claims that he/she was _not_ a member of the
religion so they are free to go on as if nothing had happened.



Gregg



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53756
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <16BB112949.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>In article <115287@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

 
>>>>>A brutal system filtered through "leniency" is not lenient.


>>>>Huh?


>>>How do you rate public floggings or floggings at all? Chopping off the
>>>hands, heads, or other body  parts? What about stoning?


>>I don't have a problem with floggings, particularly, when the offenders
>>have been given a chance to change their behavior before floggings are
>>given. I do have a problem with maiming in general, by whatever means.
>>In my opinion no-one who has not maimed another should be maimed. In
>>the case of rape the victim _is_ maimed, physically and emotionally,
>>so I wouldn't have a problem with maiming rapists. Obviously I wouldn't
>>have a problem with maiming murderers either.


>May I ask if you had the same opinion before you became a Muslim?



Sure. Yes, I did. You see I don't think that rape and murder should
be dealt with lightly. You, being so interested in leniency for
leniency's sake, apparently think that people should simply be
told the "did a _bad_ thing."


>And what about the simple chance of misjudgements?

Misjudgments should be avoided as much as possible.
I suspect that it's pretty unlikely that, given my requirement
of repeated offenses, that misjudgments are very likely.

 
>>>>>>"Orient" is not a place having a single character. Your ignorance
>>>>>>exposes itself nicely here.


>>>>>Read carefully, I have not said all the Orient shows primitive machism.


>>>>Well then, why not use more specific words than "Orient"? Probably
>>>>because in your mind there is no need to (it's all the same).


>>>Because it contains sufficient information. While more detail is possible,
>>>it is not necessary.


>>And Europe shows civilized bullshit. This is bullshit. Time to put out
>>or shut up. You've substantiated nothing and are blabbering on like
>>"Islamists" who talk about the West as the "Great Satan." You're both
>>guilty of stupidities.


>I just love to compare such lines to the common plea of your fellow believers
>not to call each others names. In this case, to substantiate it: The Quran
>allows that one beATs one's wife into submission. 


Really? Care to give chapter and verse? We could discuss it.


>Primitive Machism refers to
>that. (I have misspelt that before, my fault).
 

Again, not all of the Orient follows the Qur'an. So you'll have to do
better than that.


Sorry, you haven't "put out" enough.

 
>>>Islam expresses extramarital sex. Extramarital sex is a subset of sex. It is
>>>suppressedin Islam. That marial sexis  allowed or encouraged in Islam, as
>>>it is in many branches of Christianity, too, misses the point.

>>>Read the part about the urge for sex again. Religions that run around telling
>>>people how to have sex are not my piece of cake for two reasons: Suppressing
>>>a strong urge needs  strong measures, and it is not their business anyway.

>>Believe what you wish. I thought you were trying to make an argument.
>>All I am reading are opinions.
 
>It is an argument. That you doubt the validity of the premises does not change
>it. If you want to criticize it, do so. Time for you to put up or shut up.



This is an argument for why _you_ don't like religions that suppress
sex. A such it's an irrelevant argument.

If you'd like to generalize it to an objective statement then 
fine. My response is then: you have given no reason for your statement
that sex is not the business of religion (one of your "arguments").

The urge for sex in adolescents is not so strong that any overly strong
measures are required to suppress it. If the urge to have sex is so
strong in an adult then that adult can make a commensurate effort to
find a marriage partner.



Gregg







Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53757
From: qpliu@phoenix.Princeton.EDU (q.p.liu)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <kmr4.1575.734879106@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>In article <1993Apr15.000406.10984@Princeton.EDU> qpliu@phoenix.Princeton.EDU (q.p.liu) writes:
>
>>>So while Faith itself is a Gift, obedience is what makes Faith possible.
>>What makes obeying different from believing?

>	I am still wondering how it is that I am to be obedient, when I have 
>no idea to whom I am to be obedient!

It is all written in _The_Wholly_Babble:_the_Users_Guide_to_Invisible_
_Pink_Unicorns_.

To be granted faith in invisible pink unicorns, you must read the Babble,
and obey what is written in it.

To obey what is written in the Babble, you must believe that doing so is
the way to be granted faith in invisible pink unicorns.

To believe that obeying what is written in the Babble leads to believing
in invisible pink unicorns, you must, essentially, believe in invisible
pink unicorns.

This bit of circular reasoning begs the question:
What makes obeying different from believing?
-- 
qpliu@princeton.edu           Standard opinion: Opinions are delta-correlated.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53758
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr15.215833.15970@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:


>> What about the Twelve Imams, who he considered incapable of error
>> or sin? Khomeini supports this view of the Twelve Imans. This is
>> heresy for the very reasons I gave above. 


>I would be happy to discuss the  issue of the 12 Imams with you, although
>my preference would be to move the discussion to another
>newsgroup.  I feel a philosophy or religion group would be more 
>appropriate. 


I think many reading this group would also benefit by knowing how
deviant the view _as I've articulated it above_ (which may not be
the true view of Khomeini) is from the basic principles of Islam. 
So that the non-muslim readers of this group will see how far from 
the simple basics of Islam such views are on the face of them. And 
if they are _not_ in contradiction with the basics of Islam, how 
subtle such issues are and how it seems sects exist in Islam while 
they are explicitly proscribed by the Qur'an.


>The topic is deeply embedded in the world view of Islam and the
>esoteric teachings of the Prophet (S.A.). Heresy does not enter
>into it at all except for those who see Islam only as an exoteric
>religion that is only nominally (if at all) concerned with the metaphysical
>substance of man's being and nature.


In my opinion considering any human being as having a substance
or metaphysical fundamentally different from that of any other human
being _is_ a heretical notion and one proscribed by Islam. 


>From your posts, you seem fairly well versed in Sunni thought. You
>should seek to know Shi'ite thought through knowledgeable 
>Shi'ite authors as well - at least that much respect is due before the
>charge of heresy is levelled.


Absolutely! I would be interested in discussing this privately and
I am interested in hearing how one might try to make the concept of
error-free and sinless human beings philosophically consistent with
the teachings of the Qur'an. However, _prima facie_ such attemptsa
are highly susceptible to degenerating into monkery, explicitly
proscribed by the Qur'an.


>As salaam a-laikum

Alaikum Wassalam


Gregg


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53759
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: KORESH IS GOD!

>DATE:   Fri, 16 Apr 1993 14:15:20 +0100
>FROM:   mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
>
>The latest news seems to be that Koresh will give himself up once he's
>finished writing a sequel to the Bible.
>
>mathew

Writing the Seven Seals or something along those lines.  He's already
written the first of the Seven which was around 30 pages or so and has
handed it over to an assistant for PROOFREADING!.  I would expect any
decent messiah to have a built-in spellchecker.  Maybe Koresh 2.0 will
come with one.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53760
From: "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com>
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was

>DATE:   Fri, 16 Apr 1993 15:23:54 GMT
>FROM:   Umar Khan <khan@itd.itd.nrl.navy.mil>
>
> His conclusion was that,
>while he was impressed that what little the Holy Qur'an had to
>say about science was accurate, he was far more impressed that the
>Holy Qur'an did not contain the same rampant errors evidenced in
>the Traditions.  How would a man of 7th Century Arabia have known
>what *not to include* in the Holy Qur'an (assuming he had authored
>it)?  
>
Well, it looks like the folks in soc.religion.islam have loosened up
a bit and are discussing this topic as well as the banking/interest
topic.  A few books on the subject have also been mentioned in addition
to the one you mentioned.  These may be hard to find, but I think I may
take a stab at it out of curiosity.  I know the one film I saw on this
subject was pretty weak and the only two quotes I have seen which were
used to show science in the Koran (which I posted here) were also pretty 
vague.  I suspect that these books will extrapolate an awful lot on the
quotes they have.

At least one poster on the Islam channel seems to have some misgivings
about the practice of using the Koran to decide what is good science.

I wonder if Islam has ever come up with the equivalent of the Christians
"Creation Science" on any topic.  It would be interesting to find a history
of scientific interpretations of the Koran, to see if anyone used the Koran
to support earlier science which has since been discarded.  It is all too
easy to look at science as it exists today and then "interpret" passages
to match those findings.  People do similar things with the sayings of
Nostradamus all the time.

Anyway, it is a rather unique claim of Islam and may be worth checking.



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53761
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Keith IS a relativist!

9051467f@levels.unisa.edu.au (The Desert Brat) writes:

>Keith, if you start wafffling on about how it is different for a human
>to maul someone thrown into it's cage (so to speak), you'd better start
>posting tome decent evidence or retract your 'I think there is an absolute
>morality' blurb a few weeks ago.

Did I claim that there was an absolute morality, or just an objective one?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53762
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>Perhaps the chimps that failed to evolve cooperative behaviour
>died out, and we are left with the ones that did evolve such
>behaviour, entirely by chance.

That's the entire point!

>Are you going to proclaim a natural morality every time an
>organism evolves cooperative behaviour?

Yes!

Natural morality is a morality that developed naturally.

>What about the natural morality of bee dance?

Huh?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53763
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: Objective morality (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:

>> Which type of morality are you talking about?  In a natural sense, it
>> is not at all immoral to harm another species (as long as it doesn't
>> adversely affect your own, I guess).
>Hehehe, so you say, but this objective morality somehere tells you 
>that this is not the case, and you don't know all the rules of such
>transcendental game systems...

Which objective system are you talking about?  What is its goal?
Again, which brand of morality are you talking about?

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53764
From: jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr16.222525.16024@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:
>In article <1993Apr16.171722.159590@zeus.calpoly.edu>,
>jmunch@hertz.elee.calpoly.edu (John Munch) wrote:
>> 
>> In article <1993Apr15.212943.15118@bnr.ca> (Rashid) writes:
>> >P.S. I'm not sure about this but I think the charge of "shatim" also
>> >applies to Rushdie and may be encompassed under the umbrella
>> >of the "fasad" ruling.
>> 
>> Please define the words "shatim" and "fasad" before you use them again.
>
>My apologies. "Shatim", I believe, refers to slandering or spreading
>slander and lies about the Prophets(a.s) - any of the Prophets.

Basically, any prophet I've ever dealt with has either been busy 
hawking stolen merchandise or selling swampland house lots in 
Florida.  Then you hear all the stories of sexual abuse by prophets
and how the families of victims were paid to keep quiet about it.

>It's a kind of willful caulmny and "cursing" that's indicated by the
>word. This is the best explanation I can come up with off the top
>of my head - I'll try and look up a more technical definition when I
>have the time.

Never mind that, but let me tell you about this Chevelle I bought 
from this dude (you guessed it, a prophet) named Mohammed.  I've
got the car for like two days when the tranny kicks, then Manny, 
my mechanic, tells me it was loaded with sawdust!  Take a guess
whether "Mohammed" was anywhere to be found.  I don't think so.

>
>"Fasad" is a little more difficult to describe. Again, this is not
>a technical definition - I'll try and get that later. Literally,

Oh, Mohammed!

>the word "fasad" means mischief. But it's a mischief on the order of
>magnitude indicated by the word "corruption". It's when someone who
>is doing something wrong to begin with, seeks to escalate the hurt,

Yeah, you, Mohammed!

>disorder, concern, harm etc. (the mischief) initially caused by their 
>actions. The "wrong" is specifically related to attacks against
>"God and His Messenger" and mischief, corruption, disorder etc.

You slimy mass of pond scum!

>resulting from that. The attack need not be a physical attack and there
>are different levels of penalty proscribed, depending on the extent
>of the mischief and whether the person or persons sought to 
>"make hay" of the situation. The severest punishment is death.

Yeah, right!  You're the one should be watching your butt.  You and
your buddy Allah.  The stereo he sold me croaked after two days.
Your ass is grass!

Jim

Yeah, that's right, Jim.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53765
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:

>>They spent quite a bit of time on the wording of the Constitution.  They
>>picked words whose meanings implied the intent.  We have already looked
>>in the dictionary to define the word.  Isn't this sufficient?
>We only need to ask the question: what did the founding fathers 
>consider cruel and unusual punishment?

>Hanging? Hanging there slowing being strangled would be very 
>painful, both physically and psychologicall, I imagine.

Well, most hangings are very quick and, I imagine, painless.

>Firing squad ? [ note: not a clean way to die back in those 
>days ], etc. 
>All would be considered cruel under your definition.
>All were allowed under the constitution by the founding fathers.

And, hangings and firing squads are allowed today, too.  And, if these
things were not considered cruel, then surely a medical execution
(painless) would not be, either.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53766
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:

>>They spent quite a bit of time on the wording of the Constitution. 
>I realise that this is widely held belief in America, but in fact
>the clause on cruel and unusual punishments, like a lot of the
>rest, was lifted from the English Bill of Rights of 1689.

Just because the wording is elsewhere does not mean they didn't spend
much time on the wording.

>>We have already looked in the dictionary to define the word.  Isn't 
>>this sufficient?
>Since the dictionary said that a lack of mercy or an intent to
>inflict injury or grief counted as "cruel", sure.

People can be described as cruel in this way, but punishments cannot.

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53780
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <115686@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>No, I say religious law applies to those who are categorized as
>belonging to the religion when event being judged applies. This


	Who does the categorizing?

	
---  

  " I'd Cheat on Hillary Too."

   John Laws
   Local GOP Reprehensitive
   Extolling "Traditional Family Values."





Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53781
From: dekorte@dirac.scri.fsu.edu (Stephen L. DeKorte)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?


I saw a 3 hour show on PBS the other day about the history of the
Jews. Appearently, the Cursades(a religious war agianst the muslilams
in 'the holy land') sparked the widespread persecution of muslilams 
and jews in europe. Among the supporters of the persiecution, were none 
other than Martin Luther, and the Vatican.

Later, Hitler would use Luthers writings to justify his own treatment
of the jews.
> Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

SD

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53782
From: danb@shell.portal.com (Dan E Babcock)
Subject: Re: Societal basis for morality

In article <C5zu3K.FzD@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>1)On what basis can we say that the actions of another society, (as per Hitler
>comment) are wrong?

Ultimately it rests with personal opinion...in my opinion. :-) 

>2)Why does majority make right?

The question doesn't make sense to me. Maybe it would be better to ask,
"What makes a democracy better than [for example] a totalitarian
regim?"

Dan


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53783
From: lamontg@u.washington.edu
Subject: Re: High Times A Comin'!!!!!!!

verdant@ucs.umass.edu (Sol Lightman) writes:
>My theory, though yet unproven, is that this is due to simple envy.

no its not.

its due to the fact that there are two issues here: Religion and religion.

religion is personal belief system.
Religion is a memetic virus.

people loudly proclaiming their beliefs are crossing the border from
religion -> Religion.  people that want to "save" others are firmly
entrenched in Religion ("memoids").

rule #1 of not practicing Religion is to shut the fuck up, unless
you discuss it politely.  this means that the motive behind the conversation
is not only your self-gratifying wish to spread the word.  

religion is something that ultimately comes from within a person, and
reflects their value judgements.  Religion is something that is
contracted from others and does not reflect the persons value judgements
(other than perhaps "i think i'll be brainwashed today").

Religion is a drug...

i believe you can discuss religion.  however, the post that started this
off was not intented as discussion, it was more a proclamation of
someones Religion.

if you think i'm talking about censorship or that i'm closeminded you haven't
understood this.  i don't have any problem with the discussion of 
religion, its just Religion that i can't stand...


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53784
From: lamontg@u.washington.edu
Subject: Re: High Times A Comin'!!!!!!!

rubble@leland.Stanford.EDU (Adam Heath Clark) writes:
>	It seems a very large part of Christianity is based on the notion that
>it is the _right_ religion, and that just about any other way of looking at
>the universe is flat-out wrong.  In the old days we had the Inquisition and the
>burning of heretics; now we have Pat Buchanan trying to start some cultural
>war because he can't stand to live in the same country as all these other,
>non-"God fearing" people.

its a survival trait.  there are only a fixed number of resources (people)
for religions to inhabit.  the doctrines of intolerance and not using
birth control are devices whereby the meme of the (capital-R) Religion
of Christianity gains a larger share of the population than its memetic
competitors.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53785
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1qnpa6INN8av@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>>Hanging? Hanging there slowing being strangled would be very 
>>painful, both physically and psychologicall, I imagine.
>
>Well, most hangings are very quick and, I imagine, painless.

	I think this is a misnomer.

>
>>Firing squad ? [ note: not a clean way to die back in those 
>>days ], etc. 
>>All would be considered cruel under your definition.
>>All were allowed under the constitution by the founding fathers.
>
>And, hangings and firing squads are allowed today, too.  And, if these
>things were not considered cruel, then surely a medical execution
>(painless) would not be, either.

	But, this just shows then that painful execution is not considered 
"cruel" and unusual punishment. This shows that "cruel" as used in the 
constitution does NOT refer to whether or not the punishment causes physical 
pain.
	Rather, it must be a different meaning.

---  

  " I'd Cheat on Hillary Too."

   John Laws
   Local GOP Reprehensitive
   Extolling "Traditional Family Values."





Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53786
From: mayne@pipe.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

In article <1993Apr21.184959.9451@dcs.warwick.ac.uk> simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale) writes:
>
>Dan, I'm concerned that you are in grave spiritual danger because of your
>stubborn refusal to love and accept into your heart the Mighty Invisible
>Pink Unicorn...[Nice parody deleted.]

>I shall pray for you. In fact, brother, I cast out the demon which binds you
>in the Name of the Mighty Invisible Pink Unicorn. Dan, you must have *faith*!

Then you better pray for me, too, because I believe that the Mighty
Invisibile Pink Unicorn does not exist. One being cannot be both "Pink"
and "Invisible." The demon (or should that be daemon?) that keeps me
from believing and saving my soul is named Logic.

Bill Mayne

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53790
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Who has read Rushdie's _The Satanic Verses_?

In article <37410@optima.cs.arizona.edu> sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed) writes:
>In article <1r1cl7INNknk@bozo.dsinc.com> perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry) writes:
>>Anyway, since I seem to be the only one following this particular line
>>of discussion, I wonder how many of the rest of the readership have
>>read this book?  What are your thoughts on it?  
>
>I read it when it first came out[...]
>And I *liked* it. [...]
>At the time I still "sorta-kinda" thought of myself as a muslim, and I
>couldn't see what the flap was all about. [...]

Thank you.  I now know at least that though I may be on drugs, at
least I'm not the only one.

>The writing style was a little hard to get used to, but
>it was well worth the effort. Coming from a similar background (Rushdie
>grew up in Bombay in a muslim family, and moved to England; I grew up in
>New Delhi), it made a strong impression on me.  (And he used many of the
>strange constructions of Indian English: the "yaar" at the end of a
>sentence, "Butbutbut," the occasional hindi phrase, etc.)

Yes, this took some getting used to -- of course not having an Indian
connection, no knowledge of hindi, etc., this was not trivial for me.
I did have, thanks to the wonders of the net, "A Glossary to *Satanic
Verses*", posted to rec.arts.books by Vijay Raghavan, which explains a
lot of the Indian English constructions, Indian culture references,
even the Islamic references ("Jahilia", "Submission", the context of
the Satanic Verses incident, etc.) -- what I have only covers the
first couple of hundred pages, but it helped me get into the flow of
the novel [I can mail this to anyone interested; if anyone has
portions after part I, if they exist, I'd like to get those].
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53791
From: rjg@doe.carleton.ca (Richard Griffith)
Subject: Re: Burden of Proof

In <1r4b59$7hg@aurora.engr.LaTech.edu> ray@engr.LaTech.edu (Bill Ray) writes:

>If I make a statement, "That God exists, loves me, etc." but in no way
>insist that you believe it, does that place a burden of proof upon me.
>If you insist that God doesn't exist, does that place a burden of proof 
>upon you?  I give no proofs, I only give testimony to my beliefs.  I will
>respond to proofs that you attempt to disprove my beliefs.

What is your reaction to people who claim they were abducted by space aliens?

Some of these people say, "I was abducted, experimented on, etc."
If we insist that these aliens don't exist is the burden of proof placed on
us. These people can give no hard facts but can give a lot of testimony to
back up their beliefs.

Replace <space aliens> with <elvis>, <big foot>, <blue unicorns>, 
and we have a larger percentage of the population than I like to think
about.

Sometimes I wonder if reality really is a different experience for everone.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53792
From: mikec@sail.LABS.TEK.COM (Micheal Cranford)
Subject: Re: Rawlins debunks creationism

John E. King (king@ctron.com) posts a whopping one liner:

 * "The modern theory of evolution is so inadequate that it deserves to be *
 *  treated as a matter of faith." -- Francis Hitching                     *

  I have a few points to make about the above posting.

    1. Science is not based on and does not consist of "quotes" from either
    real or alleged experts.  Critical reasoning, evidence and (if possible)
    experimentation are necessary.  Creationists frequently display a massive
    confusion about this by merely quoting both non-experts and experts alike
    (some of the latter quotes are in fact false) and steadfastly refusing to
    follow any kind of rigorous scientific procedure.  This strongly suggests
    that (a.) their claims completely lack any scientific merit and (b.) they
    are aware of this fatal deficiency.  Of course, you may not actually be a
    creationist and this may not be your real intent.

    2. You have failed to identify Hitching and the surrounding context of his
    statement.  Why is that?  If Hitching is a scientific illiterate then the
    quote would merely display his profound ignorance of evolutionary biology.
    Creationists are frequently known to quote real scientists out of context
    and to fabricate statements that they subsequently attribute to legitimate
    scientists.  Of course, you may not actually be a creationist and this may
    not be your real intent.

    3. Evidence supporting the alleged inadequacies of "the modern theory of
    evolution" would be a much more powerful argument than a contextless one
    line quote from an unidentified nobody.  It is also important to note that
    disproving biological evolution does not automatically prove some alternate
    claims any more that disproving that the earth is shaped like a hockey puck
    proves that it is a hyperbolic paraboloid.  Creationists seem rather fond
    of diving (head first) into this logical fallacy.  Of course, you may not
    actually be a creationist and this may not be your real intent.

    4. Since evolution is central to virtually all of modern science, an attack
    on evolution (either the fact or the theory) really represents an attack on
    science.  While the theory will unquestionably continue to evolve (B^) the
    fact of evolution will not ever go away.  Creationists lost the battle long
    ago (more than 100 years in fact) but are simply too willfully ignorant and
    irrational to acknowledge the fact.  Of course, you may not actually be a
    creationist and you may not really be that ignorant.


Warren Kurt vonRoeschlaub (kv07@IASTATE.EDU) asks:

 * Neither I, nor Webster's has ever heard of Francis Hitchings.  Who is he? *

  I, like Hitchings, am not to be found in Webster's B^).  Francis Hitchings
is a scientifically illiterate creationist (or perhaps he is just playing the
part of one) who wrote a quite ignorant book attacking evolution ("The Neck of
the Giraffe").  In that publication he quotes a creationist (Jean Sloat Morton)
using the standard invalid creationist probability argument that proteins could
not have formed by chance.  Thus not only confusing abiogenesis with evolution
(the two are quite independent) but also concluding with a "non sequitur" (i.e.
the conclusion "does not follow"). [pp 70-71]  Hitchings also misquotes Richard
Lewontin in an effort to support creationism. [pp 84]

  Hitchings book was reviewed by National Park Service ecologist David Graber
in the Los Angeles Times (and repeated in the Oregonian).  The article was
titled "`Giraffe' sticks scientific neck out too far".  Excerpts include :

  "Francis Hitchings is not a biologist."  "He goes after Darwin like Mark
  Antony after Brutus.  He flips from scientific reasoning to mysticism and
  pseudo-science with the sinuosity of a snake-oil salesman."  "He suggests
  a mystical `organizing principle' of life, using the similarity of organs
  in different creatures as evidence [sic]."

  Note that the last statement above is actually evidence FOR evolution not
against it.  If John E. King is quoting from this reviewed book it wouldn't
surprise me much.  It's also interesting that King had nothing to add (i.e.
he only posted a quote).


  UUCP:  uunet!tektronix!sail!mikec  or                  M.Cranford
         uunet!tektronix!sail.labs.tek.com!mikec         Principal Troll
  ARPA:  mikec%sail.LABS.TEK.COM@RELAY.CS.NET            Resident Skeptic
  CSNet: mikec@sail.LABS.TEK.COM                         TekLabs, Tektronix


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53793
From: conor@owlnet.rice.edu (Conor Frederick Prischmann)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

In article <C60A0s.DvI@mailer.cc.fsu.edu> dekorte@dirac.scri.fsu.edu (Stephen L. DeKorte) writes:
>
>I saw a 3 hour show on PBS the other day about the history of the
>Jews. Appearently, the Cursades(a religious war agianst the muslilams
>in 'the holy land') sparked the widespread persecution of muslilams 
>and jews in europe. Among the supporters of the persiecution, were none 
>other than Martin Luther, and the Vatican.
>
>Later, Hitler would use Luthers writings to justify his own treatment
>of the jews.
>> Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

Heck, I remember reading a quote of Luther as something like: "Jews should
be shot like deer."  And of course much Catholic doctrine for centuries was 
extremely anti-Semitic.



-- 
"Are you so sure that your truth and your justice are worth more than the
truths and justices of other centuries?" - Simone de Beauvoir
"Where is there a certainty that rises above all doubt and withstands all
critique?" - Karl Jaspers          Rice University, Will Rice College '96

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53794
From: kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1r5e1vINNkn@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:
>
>>>>Wait.  Are we talking about ethics or morals here?
>>>Is the distinction important?
>>Yes.
>
>Well, make it.

Ethics deal with individuals.  Morals deal with groups.

>>>Well, our moral system seems to mimic the natural one, in a number of ways.
>>Please describe these "number of ways" in detail.  Then explain the any
>>contradictions that may arise.
>
>Just look at how human behavior mimics animal behavior.  I couldn't even
>begin to list all of the similarities.  Many of the dissimilarities are due
>to our high intelligence.

Please describe these "number of ways" in detail.  Then explain any
contradictions that may arise.

>>>I don't know.  What is wrong?  Is it possible for humans to survive for
>>>a long time in the wild?  Yes, it's possible, but it is difficult.  Humans
>>>are a social animal, and that is a cause of our success.
>>Define "difficult".
>
>I don't understand what you don't understand.

The sentence, "Yes, it's possible, but it is difficult."  Humans survived
"in the wild" for hundreds of thousands of years.

>>>No.  As noted earlier, lack of mating (such as abstinence or homosexuality)
>>>isn't really destructive to the system.  It is a worst neutral.
>>So if every member of the species was homosexual, this wouldn't be destructive
>>to the survival of the species?
>
>Most animals that exhibit homosexuality are actually bisexual.

Answer the question, Keith.  Is homosexuality detrimental to the survival
of the species?
--
=kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu | B(0-4) c- d- e++ f- g++ k(+) m r(-) s++(+) t | TSAKC=
=My thoughts, my posts, my ideas, my responsibility, my beer, my pizza.  OK???=

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53795
From: frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer)
Subject: Re: Bayesian Statistics, theism and atheism

In article <1993Apr24.165301.8321@dcs.warwick.ac.uk> simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale) writes:
#In article <1quei1$8mb@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
#>In article <1993Apr15.181924.21026@dcs.warwick.ac.uk> simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale) writes:
[I write:]
#>>> Imagine that 1000000 Alterian dollars turn up in your bank account every
#>>> month. Suppose further that this money is being paid to you by (a) your 
#>>> big-hearted Alterian benefactor, or (b) a bug in an Alterian ATM.  Let's
#>>> suppose that this is a true dichotomy, so P(a)+P(b)=1. Trouble is, Alterius 
#>>> is in a different universe, so that no observations of Alterius are possible
#>>> (except for the banks - you couldn't possibly afford it ;-)
#>>> 
#>>> Now let's examine the case for (a).  There is no evidence whatsoever that
#>>> there is any such thing as a big-hearted Alterian benefactor. However,
#>>> P(exists(b-h A b)) + P(not(exists(b-h A b)) = 1. On the grounds that 
#>>> lack_of_evidence_for is evidence_against when we have a partition like
#>>> that, we dismiss hypothesis (a).
#>>>
#>>> Turning, therefore, to (b), we also find no evidence to support that
#>>> hypothesis.  On the same grounds as before, we dismiss hypothesis (b).
#>>>
#>>> The problem with this is that we have dismissed *all* of the possible
#>>> hypotheses, and even though we know by construction that the money 
#>>> arrives every month, we have proven that it can't, because we
#>>> have dismissed all of its potential causes.
#
#>> That's an *extremely* poor argument, and here's why.
#>>
#>> Premise 1: "...this money is being paid to you by [either] (a) your big-
#>>             hearted Alterian benefactor, or (b) a bug in an Alterian ATM".
#>> 
#>> Thus each monthly appearance of the bucks, should it happen, is an
#>> observation on Alterius, and by construction, is evidence for the
#>> existence of [either the benefactor or the bug in the ATM].
#>> 
#>> Premise 2: no observations on Alterius are possible.
#
#>     #> (except for the banks - you couldn't possibly afford it ;-)
#>
#> You forgot to include this.  My premise is actually:
#>
#> Premise 2:  The cardinality of the set of possible observations on Alterius
#>             is one.
#
#>> This is clearly contradictory to the first.
#
#> Not if you state it properly.
#
#>> Trouble is, on the basis of premise 2, you say that there can be no evidence
#>> of [either the benefactor or the bug], but the first premise leads to the
#>> conclusion that the appearance of the bucks, should it happen, is evidence
#>> for the existence of [either the benefactor or the bug].
#>> 
#>> Voila, a screaming contradiction.
#
#[with my highlights - SC]
#> But in a strawman argument. There is only evidence for OneOf(Benefactor,Bug).
#> No observation to distinguish Benefactor from Bug is possible. That is
#> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
#> not evidence for Bug, and neither is it evidence for Benefactor. Nor
#> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
#> is true to say that this hypothetical universe appears exactly as
#> if there were no Benefactor/Bug (two statements, both would be false).
#
#This is still contradictory. It reduces to
#
#  (1): Alterian dosh arriving in my account is due to [benefactor or bug].
#
#  (2): this is not evidence for [benefactor], neither is it evidence for
#       [bug] (meaning that it doesn't lend more weight to one than to the
#       other)
#
#  (3): therefore no evidence can exist for [benefactor] and no evidence
#       can exist for [bug].
#
#But (3) relies on a shift in meaning from (2). When you say (paraphrased)
#in (2) that this is not "evidence for [benefactor]", for example, what you
#mean is that it's no *more* evidence for [benefactor] than it is for [bug].

Yes, that's what I mean.

#In (3), however, you've shifted the meaning of "evidence for [benefactor]"
#so that it now means `absolute' "evidence for [benefactor]" rather than
#`relative' "evidence for [benefactor]" w.r.t. [bug].

Not really, I meant evidence that would tend to one over the other.  I
think this is just a communications problem.   What I am trying to say,
in my clumsy way, is that while I buy your theory as far as it relates
to theism making predictions (prayer, your 'Rapture' example), I don't
buy your use of Occam's razor in all cases where A=0.

In my example, one couldn't dismiss
[benefactor] or [bug] on the grounds of simplicity - one of these is necessary
to explain the dosh.  I brought up the 'one-by-one dismissal' process to
show that it would be wrong to do so.  From what you're saying in this
post, it seems you agree, and we're talking at cross-purposes.

#(3) is still in contradiction to (1).
#
#Some sums may help. With B = benefactor, b = bug, d = dosh arrives in account:
#
#  (1) implies  P(B+b | d) = 1
#
#Assuming that P(Bb | d) = 0, so it's either the benefactor *or* a bug
#which is responsible if the bucks arrive, but not both, then
#
#   P(B+b | d)   =   P(B | d) + P(b | d)
#
#so
#
#   P(B | d) + P(b | d)  =  1
#
#but (3) implies that
#
#   P(B | d)  =  0  and  P(b | d)  =  0.

No, this isn't what I meant.  P(B | d) = 0.5 and P(b | d) = 0.5, with
necessarily no new observation (we've already seen the dosh) to change
those estimates.  I was trying to say (again, in my clumsy way) that
it would be _wrong_ to assign 0 probability to either of these.  And that's
precisely what use of the Razor does in the case of gods - gods are
one class of hypothesis (there are many others) belonging to a set of
hypotheses _one_of_which_ is necessary to explain something which otherwise 
would _not_ be satisfactorily explained.  It can be thrown out or
retained on grounds of non-rational preference, not of science or statistics.   
Alternatively, one could chuck out or retain the lot, on the grounds
that the answer can't be known, or that the notional probability estimates
are effectively useless, being equal (agnosticism/weak atheism).

#> As they do when the set M is filled by "the universe is caused by x",
#> where x is gods, pink unicorns, nothing, etc.  - and no observation
#> tends to one conclusion over the other.
#
#Exactly the point I was making, I think. So we don't "throw out" any of
#these, contrary to your assertion above that we do.

Some people do, Simon, and they think they are doing excellent science.
My sole point was that they aren't.

#>> Only observations which directly contradict the hypothesis H[i] (i.e. x
#>> where P(x | H[i]) = 0) can cause P(H[i]) to go to zero after a finite
#>> number of observations. Only in this case do we get to throw any of the
#>> hypotheses out.
#
#> Exactly my point, though I may have been unclear.
#
#You said the diametric opposite, which I guess is the source of my confusion.

I was merely trying to illustrate the incorrectness of doing so.

#> What I'm trying to say is that while you are correct to say that absence of
#> evidence can sometimes be evidence of absence, this does not hold true for
#> all, or perhaps any, versions of theism - and it isn't true that those for
#> which it does not hold can be discarded using the razor.
#
#On the contrary, those for which it does not hold are *exactly* those which
#can be discarded using the Razor. See my post on the other branch of this
#thread.

Then you seem to be guilty of the contradiction you accuse me of.  If
the razor holds for gods, then it holds for all like hypotheses.  Which
means that you're assigning P(x | H[i]) =0 for all i, though we've already
established that it's not correct to do so when SUM(P(x|H[i]))=1 over
all i.

#> Simply put, anyone who claims to have a viable proof of the existence or
#> non-existence of gods, whether inductive or no, is at best mistaken, and
#> at worst barking mad.
#
#Luckily I make no such claim, and have specifically said as much on numerous
#occasions. You wouldn't be constructing a strawman here, would you Frank?
#Although that doesn't, of course, rule out my being barking mad in any case
#(I could be barking mad in my spare time, with apologies to Cleese et al).
#
#But I think you miss the point once again. When I say that something is
#"evidence against" an hypothesis, that doesn't imply that observation of
#the said something necessarily *falsifies* the hypothesis, reducing the
#estimate of P(H | data) to zero. If it *reduces* this quantity, it's still
#evidence against H.

No, I got that.  I'm talking about the case when A=0.  You're clearly
correct when A!=0.   And I'm not constructing a strawman (though it's
certainly possible that I've misunderstood what you're saying).  However,
by any standards, a system that says when A=0, gods are highly unlikely,
and when A!=0 gods can be dismissed using the Razor, is a system purporting
to be an inductive proof that gods either don't exist, or are unnecessary
to explain any or all phenomena.  In my experience, systems such as this
(including those which purport to prove that gods exist) always contain
a fallacy upon close examination.  If that's not what you're saying, then
please put me straight.
-- 
Frank O'Dwyer                                  'I'm not hatching That'
odwyer@sse.ie                                  from "Hens",  by Evelyn Conlon

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53798
From: christen@astro.ocis.temple.edu (Carl Christensen)
Subject: Re: Asimov stamp

battin@cyclops.iucf.indiana.edu (Laurence Gene Battin) writes:
>Apart from the suggestion that appeared in the letters column of
>Skeptical Inquirer recently, has there been any further mention
>about a possible Asimov commemorative stamp?  If this idea hasn't
>been followed up, does anyone know what needs to be done to get
>this to happen?  I think that its a great idea.  Should we start a
>petition or something?

I believe that there's a 10 year period from time of death until
a person can be on a commemorative stamp.  It was broken once
for Lyndon Johnson (I think) but other than that it has held for
awhile.  Of course, we can still start now -- the Elvis stamp
was petitioned for ages and things really moved once it got
past the 10 year anniversary of his death.

--
Carl Christensen                /~~\_/~\        ,,,  Dept. of Computer Science
christen@astro.ocis.temple.edu |  #=#==========#   | Temple University        
"Curiouser and curiouser!" - LC \__/~\_/        ```  Philadelphia, PA  USA   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53801
From: kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran)
Subject: Re: Where are they now?

In article <1r8ou3$41u@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
>In article <1993Apr22.070854.18213@nuscc.nus.sg> cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes:
>#I'll be leaving in June.  That's because I'm going back to my university
>#& alt.atheism is banned there (stupid theist intolerance).  Sad isn't it.  
>#Anybody has any idea how I can circumvent this problem?
>
[Frank's solution deleted.]

If you have access to telnet, contact nyx.cs.du.edu.  It's a public access
Unix system, completly free, and all you need to for access is a verifiable
form of ID (I think he requires a notarized copy of a picture, or a check, or
some such).
--
=kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu | B(0-4) c- d- e++ f- g++ k(+) m r(-) s++(+) t | TSAKC=
=My thoughts, my posts, my ideas, my responsibility, my beer, my pizza.  OK???=

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53803
Subject: Re: Age of Reason Was: Who has read Rushdie's
From: SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (Scott D. Sauyet)

sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:

> This is the story of Kent, the archetype Finn, that lives in the 
> Bay Area, and tried to purchase Thomas Paine's "Age of Reason". This
> man was driving around, to Staceys, to Books Inc, to "Well, Cleanlighted
> Place", to Daltons, to various other places.
> 
> When he asked for this book, the well educated American book store
> assistants in most placed asked him to check out the thriller section,
> or then they said that his book has not been published yet, but they
> should receive the book soon. In some places the assistants bluntly
> said that they don't know of such an author, or that he is not 
> a well known living author, so they don't keep copies of his books.
> 
> Such is the life and times of America, 200+ years after the revolution.

On a similar note, a good friend of mine worked as a clerk in a
chain bookstore.  Several of his peers were amazing, one woman in
particular:

A customer asked her if they had _The Autobiography of Benjamin
Franklin_.  "Who's it by?" was her first question.  Then, "Is he
still alive?"  Then, "Is it fiction or non-fiction?" 

Finally my friend intervened, and showed the guy where it was.
 
It makes one wonder what the standards of employment are.

 -- Scott Sauyet            ssauyet@eagle.wesleyan.edu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53804
Subject: Re: STRONG & weak Atheism
From: SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (Scott D. Sauyet)

In <930421.122032.2c0.rusnews.w165w@mantis.co.uk> mathew writes:

> > Did that FAQ ever got modified to re-define strong atheists as not those who
> > assert the nonexistence of God, but as those who assert that they BELIEVE in 
> > the nonexistence of God?
> 
> In a word, yes.
> 
> mathew

Mathew:

Could you let us know when this happened, so I can see if my version
is as up-to-date as possible?  I try to re-save the FAQs once in a 
while, but otherwise I ignore their regular postings, so I wouldn't 
generally notice such a change.

And I like to stay current.

Thanks,

 -- Scott

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53805
From: KPH@ECL.PSU.EDU (Kyle P Hunter)
Subject: A PROBLEM WITH OMNIPOTENCE

I recall a discussion I had heard years ago. It went something like this: 
The problem with omnipotence (at least as I perceive it) as personified by 
the christian God ideal is that it is potentially contradictory.  If a 
manifestation such as God is truly infinite in power can God place limits 
upon itself?
.
.
Some stuff I can't recall.
Then some other questions I think I recall correctly:
Can God unmake itself?
Can God make itself (assuming it doesn't yet exist)?
Has God has always existed or is it necessary for an observer to bind all of
Gods potential quantum states into reality?
Was God nothing more than a primordial force of nature that existed during
the earliest stages of universal (inflationary?) creation?
Is God a vacuum fluctuation?
Given a great enough energy density could we re-create God?
Would that make US God and God something else?
.
.
Some more stuff I don't recall concerning creating God.  Followed by:
Is God self-aware?
Is it necessary that God be self-aware?
Is God a living entity?
Is it necessay that God be a living entity?
Is God unchanging or does it evolve?
.
.
Any comments? Post them so that others might benefit from the open inquiry
and resulting discussion.

Kyle



 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53806
From: Edwin Gans
Subject: Atheism

 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53807
From: kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <8473@pharaoh.cyborg.bt.co.uk> martin@pharaoh.cyborg.bt.co.uk (Martin Gorman) writes:
>JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu writes:
>
>>YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
>>PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>>
>Oh fuck off.

Actually, I just think he's confused.  *I'm* going to hell because I'm Gay,
not becuase I don't believe in God.

(I wonder if that means I can't come to Tammy & Deans picnic?)
--
=kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu | B(0-4) c- d- e++ f- g++ k(+) m r(-) s++(+) t | TSAKC=
=My thoughts, my posts, my ideas, my responsibility, my beer, my pizza.  OK???=
=                 "Because I'm the Daddy.  That's why."                       =

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53808
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Requests

In article <C5qLLG.4BC@mailer.cc.fsu.edu>, mayne@pipe.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne) writes:
|> In article <pww-190493085759@spac-at1-59.rice.edu> pww@spacsun.rice.edu (Peter Walker) writes:
|> >
|> >Didn't the Church get lightning rods banned in several European countries
|> >in the eighteenth century because it was widely believed that they
|> >interfered with god's striking down of blasphemers? I seem to remember that
|> >this was more common in eastern Europe.
|> 
|> I don't know about eastern Europe, but according to Bertrand Russell,
|> writing in Science and Mysticism (I think, though it could have been
|> another book) said that preachers in colonial Boston attributed an
|> earthquake to God's wrath over people putting up lightning rods, which
|> they had been preaching against as interference with God's will. Being
|> deprived of lightning bolts as a method to get at sinners He evidently
|> resorted to sterner measures.
|> 
|> No smilies. I am not making this up.


I'm sure you are not.   After the "San Francisco" Earthquake 
a couple of years ago, there was a flurry of traffic on 
talk.religion.misc about how this was the result of the 
notorious homo- this that and t'other in the City.

The fact that the Earthquake was actually down the road in
Santa Cruz/Watsonville didn't seem to phase them any.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53809
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

Kent Sandvik and Jon Livesey made essentially the same response, so this
time Kent's article gets the reply:

>I agree, but this started at one particular point in time, and we 
>don't know when this starting point of 'accurately copied scriptures'
>actually happened. 

This begs the question of whether it ever "started"-- perhaps because
accuracy was always an intention.

>Even worse, if the events in NT were not written by eye witness accounts (a
>high probability looking at possible dates when the first Gospels were
>ready) then we have to take into account all the problems with information
>forwarded with the 'telephone metaphor', indeed.

It makes little difference if you have eyewitnesses or people one step away
(reporters, if you will).  As I said earlier, the "telephone" metaphor is
innately bad, because the purpose of a game of telephone is contrary to the
aims of writing these sorts of texts.  (Also, I would point out that, by the
standards generally asserted in this group, the distinction between
eyewitnesses and others is hollow, since nobody can be shown to be an
eyewitness, or indeed, even shown to be the author of the text.)

There is no evidence that the "original" texts of either the OT or the NT
are largely lost over time in a sea of errors, "corrections", additions and
deletions.  In the case of the NT, the evidence is strongly in the other
direction: the Textus R. and the Nestle-Aland text do not differ on more
than a low level of significance.  It is reasonable to assume a similar
situation for the OT, based on the NT as a model.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53810
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Societally acceptable behavior

In article <C5s9tv.10H@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
|> In <1qvh8tINNsg6@citation.ksu.ksu.edu> yohan@citation.ksu.ksu.edu (Jonathan W 
|> Newton) writes:
|> 
|> 
|> >In article <C5qGM3.DL8@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
|> Cobb) writes:
|> >>Merely a question for the basis of morality
|> >>
|> >>Moral/Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_.
|> 
|> >I disagree with these.  What society thinks should be irrelevant.  What the
|> >individual decides is all that is important.
|> 
|> This doesn't seem right.  If I want to kill you, I can because that is what I
|> decide?

Sounds as though you are confused between "what I want" and "what
I think is morally right".

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53811
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Why Rushdie's writings are unappreciated

In article <1quc6u$8qu@cc.tut.fi>, a137490@lehtori.cc.tut.fi (Aario Sami) writes:
|> In <114902@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> 
|> >In article <C53JqD.MDB@blaze.cs.jhu.edu> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
|> >>In article <114320@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
|> 
|> >>>It has been asked why no counter-fatwa has been issued against
|> >>>Khomenei's condemnation of Rushdies because of his _Satanic Verses_.
|> >>>The reason is basically that the "satanic verses" from which Rushdie
|> >>>took his title are a serious matter not to be played around with by
|> >>>anyone who cares about Islam.
|> 
|> >>This shouldn't matter.
|> 
|> >That's your opinion, which I am sorry to say is irrelevant.
|> 
|> >Gregg
|> 
|> This guy sounds more than a little borg-ish!

Vell, this is perfectly normal behaviour Vor a Vogon, you know?

jon. 

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 53812
From: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

I just received some new information regarding the issue of 
BCCI and whether it is an Islamic bank etc.

I am now about to post it under the heading

"BCCI".

Look for it there!

 Fred Rice
 darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54125
From: cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan)
Subject: Re: Why?

boyd@acsu.buffalo.edu (Daniel F Boyd) writes:
: 
: If the Bible is such incredible proof of Christianity, then why aren't
: the Muslims or the Hindus convinced?
: 
: If the Qur'an is such incredible proof of Islam, then why aren't the
: Hindus or the Christians convinced?

If God exists, why aren't atheists convinced?

--

------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
                  |
Tan Chade Meng    |   "Yes, sir, I have only ONE question:
Singapore         | 
cmtan@iss.nus.sg  |    What is going on?!" 
                  |
------------------+--------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54126
From: cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan)
Subject: Christianity & Logic (was: Xtian Morality is)


In article <4949@eastman.UUCP> dps@nasa.kodak.com writes:
>Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
>that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
 
>        If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
>know more than you do now.         ^^^^^^ 

I once heard an arguement from a xtian friend similar to this.
"Christianity is a Higher Logic.  Athiest like u will not be able
to understand it.  Your atheist logic is very low.  Only thru faith can 
we understand the Higher Logic in God".

So I asked him, "So what is this Higher Logic?"

His answer, "I don't know."

This, & the posting above highlights one of the worst things about
xtainity.  It is abundantly clear to both atheists & xtains that
their believe is both illogical & irrational.  Their tactics, therefore:
to disregard logic & rationality altogether.  Silly excuses such as
the ones above and those such as, "How can u trust science, science
was invented by man!", only goes to further show the weakness of
their religion.

In my country where xtainity was and still is rapidly growing, xtains
never try to convert people by appealing to their brains or senses.
They know it would be a fruitless act, given the irrational nature
of their faith.
They would wait until a person is in distress, then they would comfort
him/her and addict them to their emotional opium.

Never in my life had I met a person who converted to xtainity coz it's
"reasonable".  Rationality has no place in xtainity (see xtian arguement
against "reason" above).

--

The UnEnlightened One
------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
                  | 
Tan Chade Meng    | The wise man tells his wife that he understands her.
Singapore         | 
cmtan@iss.nus.sg  | The fool tries to prove it. 
                  | 
------------------+--------------------------------------------------------


--

The UnEnlightened One
------------------+--------------------------------------------------------
                  | 
Tan Chade Meng    | The wise man tells his wife that he understands her.
Singapore         | 
cmtan@iss.nus.sg  | The fool tries to prove it. 
                  | 
------------------+--------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54127
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <madhausC5yD87.KIp@netcom.com>, madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann) writes:
> healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes: >
> 
> >Tammy "See, Maddi, I trimmed it!" Healy
> 
> Well, you're going to have to practice, but you're getting
> the hang of it.  Soon we're going to have to give you a new
> nickname.  Try these on for size:
> 
> Tammy "Lucky Seven" Healy
> Tammy "Pass the falafel" Healy
> Tammy "R Us" Healy
> Tammy "Learning by Doing" Healy

The "R Us" thing is trademarked.  I don't know if Charles
Lazarus is dead or alive, but I'd be careful, because with
a name like Lazarus, he might rise again just to start a
lawsuit.

Dean Kaflowitz

(I knew an architect once who, I swear, was employed to design
the signs for the Toys R Us and Kids R Us stores.  The signs.
The things they stick over the store or up on a big pole so they
can be seen from the highway.  What a job.  All those hours in
school studying to be an architect so you can tell them to move
the pole ten feet closer to the highway.)


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54128
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <C63AEC.FB3@cbnewsj.cb.att.com> decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz) writes:

>The "R Us" thing is trademarked.  I don't know if Charles
>Lazarus is dead or alive, but I'd be careful, because with
>a name like Lazarus, he might rise again just to start a
>lawsuit.

	The "R Us" is not trademarked, but the "Backwards R Us" is, I 
believe.



---

  Speaking of proofs of God, the funniest one I have ever seen was in a
  term paper handed in by a freshman.  She wrote, "God must exist, because
  he wouldn't be so mean as to make me believe he exists if he really
  doesn't!"  Is this argument really so much worse than the ontological
  proofs of the existence of God provided by Anselm and Descartes, among
  others?

                  Raymond Smullyan
                  [From "5,000 B.C. and Other Philosophical Fantasies".]
                  

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54129
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: 27 fundamental beliefs of SDA

In article <healta.183.735790222@saturn.wwc.edu> healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:

>     I was asked to post list of the SDA Church's basic beliefs.  The SDA 
>church has always been reluctant to formalize a creed in the usual sense of 
>word.  However, the powers that be in the church deemed it neccessary to 
>publish a summary of basic SDA beliefs.

	May I ask why they are afraid to do so?

---

  Speaking of proofs of God, the funniest one I have ever seen was in a
  term paper handed in by a freshman.  She wrote, "God must exist, because
  he wouldn't be so mean as to make me believe he exists if he really
  doesn't!"  Is this argument really so much worse than the ontological
  proofs of the existence of God provided by Anselm and Descartes, among
  others?

                  Raymond Smullyan
                  [From "5,000 B.C. and Other Philosophical Fantasies".]
                  

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54131
From: T.G.Nattress@newcastle.ac.uk (Graeme Nattress)
Subject: Re: Cults Vs. Religions?

jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu (James Thomas Green) writes:


A religion is a cult which if those in power belong to it.

Actually, they're all bull shit.

Graeme,
{---    T.G.Nattress@uk.ac.ncl -----------------------------------------}
{-----Hitler is Nibor from the Planet Vashir, the Galactic     ---------}
{---  shape-changing psychopath. ---------------------------------------}
{-----John, The Tomorrow People, Hitler's Last Secret.------------------}

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54133
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <healta.176.735768613@saturn.wwc.edu>, healta@saturn.wwc.edu (Tammy R Healy) writes:
> In article <1993Apr25.020546.22426@mnemosyne.cs.du.edu> kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:
> >From: kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran)
> >Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!
> >Date: Sun, 25 Apr 93 02:05:46 GMT
> >In article <8473@pharaoh.cyborg.bt.co.uk> martin@pharaoh.cyborg.bt.co.uk (Martin Gorman) writes:
> >>JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu writes:
> >>
> >>>YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
> >>>PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
> >>>
> >>Oh fuck off.
> >
> >Actually, I just think he's confused.  *I'm* going to hell because I'm Gay,
> >not becuase I don't believe in God.
> >
> >(I wonder if that means I can't come to Tammy & Deans picnic?)
> 
> Of course you can come.  I said "ALL a.a posters are invited" and I didn't 
> put a "No homosexual" clause.  Bring some munchies and join the party!!!
> I can't imagine Dean objecting, either.

Knowing Keith, I expect he'll bring the leather accessories.

Better oil it well.  Leather cracks when it dries.

Dean Kaflowitz


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54134
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Poisoning the well (was: Islamic Genocide)

In article <1rbpq0$ibg@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
 
>
>In article <16BBACBC3.I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de> I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau) writes:
>#By the way, that's why I consider you a theist:
>
>[7 points, consisting of rhetorical fallacy, unsupported claims, and
>demonstrable falsehoods deleted]
>
 
No wonder that we don't see any detail for this claim. It is good to
remember that you have answered the statement that you are a theist
by another correspondent with that you are not a member of a denomination.
It is either stupidity or an attempt at a trick answer. Not unlike the
rest of your arguments.
 
 
>Mr. Roseneau, I have little patience with people who tell me what I
>believe, and who call me a liar when I disagree.  I'm in a position
>not only to know what it is that I believe, but to say so.  I am an
>agnostic.
>
 
I am extremely wary of the way you use words. Like in this case, there
are broader definitions of gods used by persons who are considered by
themselves and others theists. I have pointed to that in my post. You
use one of them.
 
Your use of definitions seems to rest on the assumption: because my
moral is objective/absolute or the other buzz words you are so fond
of, everybody will know it, and there is no need to define it more
exactly.
 
And as a user has shown recently, the easiest way to dispell you is
to ask you for definitions.
 
 
>You are of course, free to speculate on my motives for objecting
>to seeming irrational bigotry if you wish, but the flaws which I
>point out in your arguments stand on their own merits.
 
Since you are the only one seeing them, and many correspondents
point to the flaws in your reasoning respectively discussing, I
can't say I am impressed.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54135
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <C62B52.LKz@blaze.cs.jhu.edu>, arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
> In article <w_briggs-250493134303@ccresources6h58.cc.utas.edu.au> w_briggs@postoffice.utas.edu.au (William Briggs) writes:
> >Wasn't JC a carpenter?  Anyway that's beside the point. I think the fact
> >that is more compelling is JC fulfilling the prophecies when the prophecies
> >include him getting killed in the most agonizing possible way.
> 
> This is nonsense.
> 
> I can think of a lot more agonizing ways to get killed.  Fatal cancer, for
> instance.
> 
> Anyone else have some more?  Maybe we can make a list.

Actually, I find the stuff about JC being a carpenter more
interesting.  Is there an independent source for this assertion,
or is it all from the Christian Bible?  Is there any record at
all of anything he built?  A table, a house, some stairs (Norm
Abrams says the real test of a carpenter's skill is building
stairs with hand tools).  Did he leave any plans behind for, say
kitchen counters and cabinets?  Did he build his own cross?
If so, did he use pressure-treated lumber?  Gotta use that
pressure-treated anywhere that wood meets concrete, but it
holds up better anyway for mose outdoor applications.  I keep
seeing these bumper-stickers that say "My boss is a Jewish
Carpenter," but they're always on the back of Ford Escorts,
and a real carpenter's apprentice would probably drive a
pickup, so I'm out for verification that he really was a
carpenter.

Dean Kaflowitz

Sometimes I like to get away from the shack
Catfish ain't pretty
But they don't talk back
Goin' fishin' again
Goin' fishin' again
Me and my no good friends
Sure goin' fishin' again



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54136
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <1993Apr26.000410.18114@daffy.cs.wisc.edu>, mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
> In article <C62B52.LKz@blaze.cs.jhu.edu> arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
> >I can think of a lot more agonizing ways to get killed.  Fatal cancer, for
> >instance.
> >
> >Anyone else have some more?  Maybe we can make a list.
> How about dying of a blood clot in a _very_ bad place.

Kidney stones with complete blockage.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54137
From: decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz)
Subject: Re: some thoughts.

In article <kmr4.1718.735827952@po.CWRU.edu>, kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
> In article <C63AEC.FB3@cbnewsj.cb.att.com> decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com (dean.kaflowitz) writes:
> 
> >The "R Us" thing is trademarked.  I don't know if Charles
> >Lazarus is dead or alive, but I'd be careful, because with
> >a name like Lazarus, he might rise again just to start a
> >lawsuit.
> 
> 	The "R Us" is not trademarked, but the "Backwards R Us" is, I 
> believe.

Yup, I think you're right.  My mistake.  Now, how do I make
an "R" backwards using a computer keyboard?

I'll bet the gods know how (this is alt.atheism, after
all).  Tell you what, if all my "R"s start coming out
backwards when I type from now on, I'll become a believer.

(And that's not asking for miracles.  If I asked for a miracle,
I'd ask for a real miracle, like for Pat Buchanan to become
an out-of-the-closet drag queen - well...maybe that wouldn't be
so miraculous, but I think he'd look fabulous in a feather
boa and a sequined hat like Mia Farrow wore in Gatsby.)

Dean Kaflowitz


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54138
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: It's all Mary's fault!

In article <w_briggs-250493154912@ccresources6h59.cc.utas.edu.au>
w_briggs@postoffice.utas.edu.au (William Briggs) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>> Lucky for them that the baby didn't have any obvious deformities!  I could
>> just see it now: Mary gets pregnant out of wedlock so to save face she and
>> Joseph say that it was God that got her pregnant and then the baby turns
>> out to be deformed, or even worse, stillborn!  They'd have a lot of
>> explaining to do.... :-)
>
>A few points guys, (oops guy and gal but I use the term guy asexually):
>
>- Has the same sort of conspiracy ever occurred since, (I mean there must
>have been dozen of times in the past two thousand years when it would have
>been opportune time for a 'messiah' to be born.
>
 
It has. There is a guy running around in Switzerland who claims to have
been conceived similarly. His mother says the same. His father is said to
be a bit surprised.
 
But anyway, there have been a lot of Messiahs, and many have had a similar
story about their birth. Or their death. A list of Messiahs could be quite
interesting.
 
 
>- Wouldn't you feel bad if you turned out to be wrong and the conception of
>Christ was via God?  I can just imagine your faces as Mary asks you if
>you've ever had a child yourself.
>
 
I would wonder why an omnipotent god pulls such stunts instead of providing
evidence for everyone to check. And the whole question is absurd.
 
Wouldn't you feel bad if you'd find out that stones are sentient, and that
you have stepped on them all your life? And wouldn't you feel bad when you'd
see the proof that Jesus was just a plot of Satan?
 
 
>- If they wanted to save image they could have done what Joseph planned to
>do in the first place - have a quite wedding and an equally quite divorce,
>(I think it was quite easy to do under Jewish law).  In that regard they
>would have been pretty DUMB to think up a conspiracy like the one you've
>outlined in that they a bringing attention on themselves.  (Messiah
>appearances were like Royal Scandals in zero AD Israel, (see the part in
>Acts when the Sandhedrin are discussing what to do about the growth of the
>new Church, (i.e. one wise guy said - leave it alone and if it is what it
>says it is nothing can stop it and if it isn't then it will just fizzle out
>anyway)).
>
 
You've forgotten the pride factor.
 
 
>- It didn't fizzle, (the Church I mean).
>
 
The argument is a fallacy. It is like "thanks for reading this far" on the end
of a letter. Most religions claim that they won't fizzle because they contain
some eternal truth. So does Christianity. Since there are old religions it is
no wonder to find old religions that have it that they would last.
 
Roll twelve dice. Calculate the chance for the result. Argue that there must
be something special about the result because an event with a chance of
1/(6**12) could hardly happen by chance only. Feel elevated because you have
participated in letting that special event take place.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54139
From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>>Robert Beauchine wrote:
>: RB>   No, that's praying on the young.  Preying on the young comes
>: RB>   later, when the bright eyed little altar boy finds out what the
>: RB>   priest really wears under that chasible.
>Does this statement further the atheist cause in some way, surely it's
>not intended as wit ...



Surely it was intended as wit.

By the way, which "atheist cause" were you referring to, Bill?


-- 
---                      __  _______                              ---
||| Kevin Marshall       \ \/ /_  _/  Computer Science Department |||
||| Virginia Tech         \  / / /     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu |||
--- Blacksburg, Virginia   \/ /_/                  (703) 232-6529 ---

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54141
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Room for Metaphor?

In article <bakerlj.27.735422537@augustana.edu> bakerlj@augustana.edu (LLOYD BAKER) writes:
>What I want is a response 
>giving me the pros and cons of Metaphorical religious language. Could an 
>atheist accept this view without giving up the foundamentals of what he 
>believes in?  

Could an atheist accept a usage in which religious literature or
tradition is viewed in a metaphorical way?  Of course: this is
essentially what we do with Homer, or with other concepts such as
fate, luck, free will ;-)...  However, there remains the question of
whether the religious literature of -- say -- Christianity is a
particularly *good* set of metaphors for the world today.  It's also
entirely unclear, and to me quite unlikely, that one could take a
contemporary religion like that and divorce the metaphoric potential
from the literalism and absolutism it carries now in many cases.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54142
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: Moraltiy? (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1r5cmnINNb8@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
|> 
|> >Pardon me?   *I* am trying to apply human terms to non-humans?
|> 
|> That's right.  You are basically stating that morality can only deal with
|> humans, because only humans are sentient enough to be moral (that is,
|> you say that morality can only deal with intentions?).

I have never said that only humans are the only beings which are
sufficiently sentient to have intentions.   In fact, I have explicitly
said that I am perfectly happy to consider that some animals *are*
capable of forming intentions.

What I am objecting to is considering programmed or instinctive
behaviour to have moral significance, since, it seems to me, 
such behaviour does *not* involve intention.

|> 
|> >>I think that even if someone is not conscious of an alternative, 
|> >>this does not prevent his behavior from being moral.
|> >I'm sure you do think this, if you say so.   How about trying to
|> >convince me?
|> 
|> I think that a moral act is moral whether or not the implementor 
|> thinks it is.

That's not the point.   The point is whether the implementor thinks
*at all*.    The issue is not whether thinking produces opinion A
or opinion B, but whether thinking takes place, period.

|> 
|> >I've offered, four times, I think, to accept your definition if
|> >you allow me to ascribe moral significence to the orbital motion
|> >of the planets.
|> 
|> Hmm... perhaps you can ascribe it.  I could say that many human actions
|> are not "natural" and thus don't follow a natural morality.

Since humans are part of nature, are not all human actions "natural".

Or perhaps you're going to throw in a definition of "natural" that
will allow us to describe some actions as "natural" and some as 
"not natural".   If so, what is the definition?


|> Other than those death which surround mating rituals, other animals 
|> just don't kill each other (within a species) that often, do they?  

Sure they do, as multiple posters have show you.   Sharks, for example,
eat wounded sharks.   I've personally seen cats eat their newborn.

Are you in some kind of denial?   People give you example after example,
and you go off the air for a week, and then pop up claiming that it 
never happened.    It's very strange.

|> But why don't animals kill each other?

See what I mean.   Here we go again.   What do we have to do: write
up a tailor-made FAQ just for Mr Schneider?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54143
From: gck@aero.org (Gregory C. Kozlowski)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!



This is hell.  Hasn't anyone noticed?


<< Consensual reality is a special case >>




Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54144
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism)

In article <1993Apr25.165315.1190@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
 
>>(Deletion)
>>>"(God is) the One Who created the night, the day, the sun and the moon.
>>>Each is travelling in an orbit with its own motion." (Qur'an :33)
>>>
(Deletion)
>>Well, that is certainly different, but it looks as if there is a translation
>>found for everything. By the way, I am most surprised to hear that night and
>>day move in an orbit.
>
>I thought about this, too -- some translations refer to only the latter
>two objects being in orbit, but Bucaille's translation seems to indicate
>the night and the day travelling in "orbit" too.  Perhaps this can be
>understood when one looks at it from the earth's reference frame -- from
>this reference frame, the day and the night would appear to "orbit" the
>earth (travelling from east to west).  (This is from the reference frame
>when the earth is still.)
>
 
Well, yes, but that belongs in the other group, there is a interpretation
found for everything. However, allowing any form of interpretation reduces
the information of the text so interprteted to zero.
 
By the way, I have checked the quote and I think the lines preceding those
quoted above are more interesting:
 
   21:32 where mountains are set on earth in order to immobilize the earth.
   21:33 where the skies (heavens?) are referred to as well supported.
 
the lines given above are  21:34 after my edition.
 
 
>Maybe this is what is meant by the above....?  It's just a possibility.
>
>>And that the sun travels in an orbit without saying that earth does, too,
>>sounds geocentric to me.
>
>I will see if I can find out more about this.
>
>But it is still not geocentric.
>
 
That sun and moon move and the earth is immobile sounds geocentric to me.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54160
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: "Cruel" (was Re: <Political Atheists?)

In article <1r5emjINNmk@gap.caltech.edu>, keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
|> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
|> 
|> >But, this just shows then that painful execution is not considered 
|> >"cruel" and unusual punishment. This shows that "cruel" as used in the 
|> >constitution does NOT refer to whether or not the punishment causes physical 
|> >pain.
|> >Rather, it must be a different meaning.
|> 
|> I don't think so.  Although some forms of execution are painful (the electric
|> chair looks particularly so), I think the pain is relatively short-lived.
|> Drawing and quartering, on the other hand, looks very painful, and the
|> victim wouldn't die right away (he'd bleed to death, I'd imagine).

So what do we have now, an integral over pain X time?

I get to lash you with a wet noodle for ever, but I only get to
cut you up with a power saw if I'm quick about it?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54163
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Atheist Resources

Archive-name: atheism/resources
Alt-atheism-archive-name: resources
Last-modified: 5 April 1993
Version: 1.1

                              Atheist Resources

                      Addresses of Atheist Organizations

                                     USA

FREEDOM FROM RELIGION FOUNDATION

Darwin fish bumper stickers and assorted other atheist paraphernalia are
available from the Freedom From Religion Foundation in the US.

Write to:  FFRF, P.O. Box 750, Madison, WI 53701.
Telephone: (608) 256-8900

EVOLUTION DESIGNS

Evolution Designs sell the "Darwin fish".  It's a fish symbol, like the ones
Christians stick on their cars, but with feet and the word "Darwin" written
inside.  The deluxe moulded 3D plastic fish is $4.95 postpaid in the US.

Write to:  Evolution Designs, 7119 Laurel Canyon #4, North Hollywood,
           CA 91605.

People in the San Francisco Bay area can get Darwin Fish from Lynn Gold --
try mailing <figmo@netcom.com>.  For net people who go to Lynn directly, the
price is $4.95 per fish.

SET FREE

Atheist stickers, T-shirts and books.

Write to:  Set Free, P.O. Box 3065-192, Garden Grove, CA 92642.

AMERICAN ATHEIST PRESS

AAP publish various atheist books -- critiques of the Bible, lists of
Biblical contradictions, and so on.  One such book is:

"The Bible Handbook" by W.P. Ball and G.W. Foote.  American Atheist Press.
372 pp.  ISBN 0-910309-26-4, 2nd edition, 1986.  Bible contradictions,
absurdities, atrocities, immoralities... contains Ball, Foote: "The Bible
Contradicts Itself", AAP.  Based on the King James version of the Bible.

Write to:  American Atheist Press, P.O. Box 140195, Austin, TX 78714-0195.
      or:  7215 Cameron Road, Austin, TX 78752-2973.
Telephone: (512) 458-1244
Fax:       (512) 467-9525

PROMETHEUS BOOKS

Sell books including Haught's "Holy Horrors" (see below).

Write to:  700 East Amherst Street, Buffalo, New York 14215.
Telephone: (716) 837-2475.

An alternate address (which may be newer or older) is:
Prometheus Books, 59 Glenn Drive, Buffalo, NY 14228-2197.

AFRICAN-AMERICANS FOR HUMANISM

An organization promoting black secular humanism and uncovering the history of
black freethought.  They publish a quarterly newsletter, AAH EXAMINER.

Write to:  Norm R. Allen, Jr., African Americans for Humanism, P.O. Box 664,
           Buffalo, NY 14226.

                                United Kingdom

Rationalist Press Association          National Secular Society
88 Islington High Street               702 Holloway Road
London N1 8EW                          London N19 3NL
071 226 7251                           071 272 1266

British Humanist Association           South Place Ethical Society
14 Lamb's Conduit Passage              Conway Hall
London WC1R 4RH                        Red Lion Square
071 430 0908                           London WC1R 4RL
fax 071 430 1271                       071 831 7723

The National Secular Society publish "The Freethinker", a monthly magazine
founded in 1881.

                                   Germany

IBKA e.V.
Internationaler Bund der Konfessionslosen und Atheisten
Postfach 880, D-1000 Berlin 41. Germany.

IBKA publish a journal:
MIZ. (Materialien und Informationen zur Zeit. Politisches
Journal der Konfessionslosesn und Atheisten. Hrsg. IBKA e.V.)
MIZ-Vertrieb, Postfach 880, D-1000 Berlin 41. Germany.

For atheist books, write to:

IBDK, Internationaler B"ucherdienst der Konfessionslosen
Postfach 3005, D-3000 Hannover 1. Germany.
Telephone: 0511/211216


                               Books -- Fiction

THOMAS M. DISCH

"The Santa Claus Compromise"
Short story.  The ultimate proof that Santa exists.  All characters and 
events are fictitious.  Any similarity to living or dead gods -- uh, well...

WALTER M. MILLER, JR

"A Canticle for Leibowitz"
One gem in this post atomic doomsday novel is the monks who spent their lives
copying blueprints from "Saint Leibowitz", filling the sheets of paper with
ink and leaving white lines and letters.

EDGAR PANGBORN

"Davy"
Post atomic doomsday novel set in clerical states.  The church, for example,
forbids that anyone "produce, describe or use any substance containing...
atoms". 

PHILIP K. DICK

Philip K. Dick Dick wrote many philosophical and thought-provoking short 
stories and novels.  His stories are bizarre at times, but very approachable.
He wrote mainly SF, but he wrote about people, truth and religion rather than
technology.  Although he often believed that he had met some sort of God, he
remained sceptical.  Amongst his novels, the following are of some relevance:

"Galactic Pot-Healer"
A fallible alien deity summons a group of Earth craftsmen and women to a
remote planet to raise a giant cathedral from beneath the oceans.  When the
deity begins to demand faith from the earthers, pot-healer Joe Fernwright is
unable to comply.  A polished, ironic and amusing novel.

"A Maze of Death"
Noteworthy for its description of a technology-based religion.

"VALIS"
The schizophrenic hero searches for the hidden mysteries of Gnostic
Christianity after reality is fired into his brain by a pink laser beam of
unknown but possibly divine origin.  He is accompanied by his dogmatic and
dismissively atheist friend and assorted other odd characters.

"The Divine Invasion"
God invades Earth by making a young woman pregnant as she returns from
another star system.  Unfortunately she is terminally ill, and must be
assisted by a dead man whose brain is wired to 24-hour easy listening music.

MARGARET ATWOOD

"The Handmaid's Tale"
A story based on the premise that the US Congress is mysteriously
assassinated, and fundamentalists quickly take charge of the nation to set it
"right" again.  The book is the diary of a woman's life as she tries to live
under the new Christian theocracy.  Women's right to own property is revoked,
and their bank accounts are closed; sinful luxuries are outlawed, and the
radio is only used for readings from the Bible.  Crimes are punished
retroactively: doctors who performed legal abortions in the "old world" are
hunted down and hanged.  Atwood's writing style is difficult to get used to
at first, but the tale grows more and more chilling as it goes on.

VARIOUS AUTHORS

"The Bible"
This somewhat dull and rambling work has often been criticized.  However, it
is probably worth reading, if only so that you'll know what all the fuss is
about.  It exists in many different versions, so make sure you get the one
true version.

                             Books -- Non-fiction

PETER DE ROSA

"Vicars of Christ", Bantam Press, 1988
Although de Rosa seems to be Christian or even Catholic this is a very
enlighting history of papal immoralities, adulteries, fallacies etc.
(German translation: "Gottes erste Diener. Die dunkle Seite des Papsttums",
Droemer-Knaur, 1989)

MICHAEL MARTIN

"Atheism: A Philosophical Justification", Temple University Press,
 Philadelphia, USA.
A detailed and scholarly justification of atheism.  Contains an outstanding
appendix defining terminology and usage in this (necessarily) tendentious
area.  Argues both for "negative atheism" (i.e. the "non-belief in the
existence of god(s)") and also for "positive atheism" ("the belief in the
non-existence of god(s)").  Includes great refutations of the most
challenging arguments for god; particular attention is paid to refuting
contempory theists such as Platinga and Swinburne.
541 pages. ISBN 0-87722-642-3 (hardcover; paperback also available)

"The Case Against Christianity", Temple University Press
A comprehensive critique of Christianity, in which he considers
the best contemporary defences of Christianity and (ultimately)
demonstrates that they are unsupportable and/or incoherent.
273 pages. ISBN 0-87722-767-5

JAMES TURNER

"Without God, Without Creed", The Johns Hopkins University Press, Baltimore,
 MD, USA
Subtitled "The Origins of Unbelief in America".  Examines the way in which
unbelief (whether agnostic or atheistic)  became a mainstream alternative
world-view.  Focusses on the period 1770-1900, and while considering France
and Britain the emphasis is on American, and particularly New England
developments.  "Neither a religious history of secularization or atheism,
Without God, Without Creed is, rather, the intellectual history of the fate
of a single idea, the belief that God exists." 
316 pages. ISBN (hardcover) 0-8018-2494-X (paper) 0-8018-3407-4

GEORGE SELDES (Editor)

"The great thoughts", Ballantine Books, New York, USA
A "dictionary of quotations" of a different kind, concentrating on statements
and writings which, explicitly or implicitly, present the person's philosophy
and world-view.  Includes obscure (and often suppressed) opinions from many
people.  For some popular observations, traces the way in which various
people expressed and twisted the idea over the centuries.  Quite a number of
the quotations are derived from Cardiff's "What Great Men Think of Religion"
and Noyes' "Views of Religion".
490 pages. ISBN (paper) 0-345-29887-X.

RICHARD SWINBURNE

"The Existence of God (Revised Edition)", Clarendon Paperbacks, Oxford
This book is the second volume in a trilogy that began with "The Coherence of
Theism" (1977) and was concluded with "Faith and Reason" (1981).  In this
work, Swinburne attempts to construct a series of inductive arguments for the
existence of God.  His arguments, which are somewhat tendentious and rely
upon the imputation of late 20th century western Christian values and
aesthetics to a God which is supposedly as simple as can be conceived, were
decisively rejected in Mackie's "The Miracle of Theism".  In the revised
edition of "The Existence of God", Swinburne includes an Appendix in which he
makes a somewhat incoherent attempt to rebut Mackie.

J. L. MACKIE

"The Miracle of Theism", Oxford
This (posthumous) volume contains a comprehensive review of the principal
arguments for and against the existence of God.  It ranges from the classical
philosophical positions of Descartes, Anselm, Berkeley, Hume et al, through
the moral arguments of Newman, Kant and Sidgwick, to the recent restatements
of the classical theses by Plantinga and Swinburne.  It also addresses those
positions which push the concept of God beyond the realm of the rational,
such as those of Kierkegaard, Kung and Philips, as well as "replacements for
God" such as Lelie's axiarchism.  The book is a delight to read - less
formalistic and better written than Martin's works, and refreshingly direct
when compared with the hand-waving of Swinburne.

JAMES A. HAUGHT

"Holy Horrors: An Illustrated History of Religious Murder and Madness",
 Prometheus Books
Looks at religious persecution from ancient times to the present day -- and
not only by Christians.
Library of Congress Catalog Card Number 89-64079. 1990.

NORM R. ALLEN, JR.

"African American Humanism: an Anthology"
See the listing for African Americans for Humanism above.

GORDON STEIN

"An Anthology of Atheism and Rationalism", Prometheus Books
An anthology covering a wide range of subjects, including 'The Devil, Evil
and Morality' and 'The History of Freethought'.  Comprehensive bibliography.

EDMUND D. COHEN

"The Mind of The Bible-Believer", Prometheus Books
A study of why people become Christian fundamentalists, and what effect it
has on them.

GEORGE H. SMITH

"Atheism: The Case Against God", Prometheus Books
Describes the positions of atheism, theism and agnosticism.  Reviews many 
of the arguments used in favour of the existence of God.  Concludes with an
assessment of the impact of God on people's lives.

                                Net Resources

There's a small mail-based archive server at mantis.co.uk which carries
archives of old alt.atheism.moderated articles and assorted other files.  For
more information, send mail to archive-server@mantis.co.uk saying

   help
   send atheism/index

and it will mail back a reply.


mathew
�

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54164
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Alt.Atheism FAQ: Overview for New Readers

Archive-name: atheism/overview
Alt-atheism-archive-name: overview
Last-modified: 20 April 1993
Version: 1.3

                                   Overview

Welcome to alt.atheism and alt.atheism.moderated.

This is the first in a series of regular postings aimed at new readers of the
newsgroups.

Many groups of a 'controversial' nature have noticed that new readers often
come up with the same questions, mis-statements or misconceptions and post
them to the net.  In addition, people often request information which has
been posted time and time again.  In order to try and cut down on this, the
alt.atheism groups have a series of five regular postings under the following
titles:

   1.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Overview for New Readers
   2.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Introduction to Atheism
   3.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
   4.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Constructing a Logical Argument
   5.  Alt.Atheism FAQ: Atheist Resources

This is article number 1.  Please read numbers 2 and 3 before posting.  The
others are entirely optional.

If you are new to Usenet, you may also find it helpful to read the newsgroup
news.announce.newusers.  The articles titled "A Primer on How to Work With
the Usenet Community", "Answers to Frequently Asked Questions about Usenet"
and "Hints on writing style for Usenet" are particularly relevant.  Questions
concerning how news works are best asked in news.newusers.questions.

If you are unable to find any of the articles listed above, see the "Finding
Stuff" section below.


                                   Credits

These files could not have been written without the assistance of the many
readers of alt.atheism and alt.atheism.moderated.  In particular, I'd like to
thank the following people:

kck+@cs.cmu.edu (Karl Kluge)
perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
NETOPRWA@ncsuvm.cc.ncsu.edu (Wayne Aiken)
chpetk@gdr.bath.ac.uk (Toby Kelsey)
jkp@cs.HUT.FI (Jyrki Kuoppala)
geoff.arnold@East.Sun.COM (Geoff Arnold)
torkel@sics.se (Torkel Franzen)
kmldorf@utdallas.edu (George Kimeldorf)
roe2@quads.uchicago.edu (Greg Roelofs)
arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee)
madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
J5J@psuvm.psu.edu (John A. Johnson)
dgraham@bmers30.bnr.ca (Douglas Graham)
mayne@open.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne)
ajr@bigbird.hri.com (Andy Rosen)
stoesser@ira.uka.de (Achim Stoesser)
bosullvn@unix1.tcd.ie (Bryan O'Sullivan)
lippard@ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)
s1b3832@rigel.tamu.edu (S. Baum)
ydobyns@phoenix.princeton.edu (York H. Dobyns)
schroede@sdsc.edu (Wayne Schroeder)
baldwin@csservera.usna.navy.mil (J.D. Baldwin)
D_NIBBY@unhh.unh.edu (Dana Nibby)
dempsey@Kodak.COM (Richard C. Dempsey)
jmunch@hertz,elee.calpoly.edu (John David Munch)
pdc@dcs.ed.ac.uk (Paul Crowley)
rz@mips.complang.tuwien.ac.at (Richard Zach)
tycchow@math.mit.edu (Tim Chow)
simon@dcs.warwick.ac.uk (Simon Clippingdale)
PHIMANEN@cc.helsinki.fi (Pekka Himanen)

...and countless others I've forgotten.

These articles are free.  Truly free.  You may copy them and distribute them
to anyone you wish.  However, please send any changes or corrections to the
author, and please do not re-post copies of the articles to alt.atheism; it
does nobody any good to have multiple versions of the same document floating
around the network.


                                Finding Stuff

All of the FAQ files *should* be somewhere on your news system.  Here are
some suggestions on what to do if you can't find them:

1. Check the newsgroup alt.atheism.  Look for subject lines starting with
   "Alt.Atheism FAQ:".

2. Check the newsgroup news.answers for the same subject lines.

   If you don't find anything in steps 1 or 2, your news system isn't set up
   correctly, and you may wish to tell your system administrator about the
   problem.

3. If you have anonymous FTP access, connect to rtfm.mit.edu [18.70.0.226].
   Go to the directory /pub/usenet/alt.atheism, and you'll find the latest
   versions of the FAQ files there.

   FTP is a a way of copying files between networked computers.  If you
   need help in using or getting started with FTP, send e-mail to
   mail-server@rtfm.mit.edu with

      send usenet/news.answers/ftp-list/faq

   in the body.

4. There are other sites which also carry news.answers postings.  The article
   "Introduction to the news.answers newsgroup" carries a list of these
   sites; the article is posted regularly to news.answers.

5. If you don't have FTP, send mail to mail-server@rtfm.mit.edu
   consisting of the following lines:

      send usenet/news.answers/finding-sources
      send usenet/alt.atheism/faq
      send usenet/alt.atheism/introduction
      send usenet/alt.atheism/logic
      send usenet/alt.atheism/resources

5. (Penultimate resort)  Send mail to mail-server@mantis.co.uk consisting of
   the following lines:

      send atheism/faq/faq.txt
      send atheism/faq/logic.txt
      send atheism/faq/intro.txt
      send atheism/faq/resource.txt

   and our poor overworked modems will try and send you a copy of the files.
   There's other stuff, too; interesting commands to try are "help" and
   "send atheism/index".

6. (Last resort)  Mail mathew@mantis.co.uk, or post an article to the
   newsgroup asking how you can get the FAQ files.  You should only do this
   if you've tried the above methods and they've failed; it's not nice to
   clutter the newsgroup or people's mailboxes with requests for files.
   it's better than posting without reading the FAQ, though!  For instance,
   people whose email addresses get mangled in transit and who don't have 
   FTP will probably need assistance obtaining the FAQ files.


mathew
�

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54165
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: The nonexistance of Atheists?!

>In article <kutluk.734797558@ccl.umist.ac.uk> kutluk@ccl.umist.ac.uk (Kutluk Ozguven) writes:
>>Atheists are not
>>mentioned in the Quran because from a Quranic point of view, and a
>>minute's reasoning, one can see that there is no such thing.


I guess that's why scientists probably aren't mentioned either.  Or
stock brokers.  Or television repairmen.  

It's precious to know just how deep the brainwashing from childhood
( that it takes to progress a religion ) cleans away a very substantial
part of the reasoning neurons.

But don't mind me;  I don't exist.

-jim halat
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54166
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <115687@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
(deletion)
>Sure. Yes, I did. You see I don't think that rape and murder should
>be dealt with lightly. You, being so interested in leniency for
>leniency's sake, apparently think that people should simply be
>told the "did a _bad_ thing."
>
 
Straw man. And you brought up leniency.
 
 
>>And what about the simple chance of misjudgements?
>
>Misjudgments should be avoided as much as possible.
>I suspect that it's pretty unlikely that, given my requirement
>of repeated offenses, that misjudgments are very likely.
>
 
Assuming that misjudgements are not correlated.
 
 
(Deletion)
>>I just love to compare such lines to the common plea of your fellow believers
>>not to call each others names. In this case, to substantiate it: The Quran
>>allows that one beATs one's wife into submission.
>
>
>Really? Care to give chapter and verse? We could discuss it.
>
 
Has been discussed here. Chapter and verse were cited, I assume that you
weren't looking then.
 
Let's be more exact, do you think it is not in the Quran?. And what would
your consequences be when it it was shown to be in it?
 
 
>>Primitive Machism refers to
>>that. (I have misspelt that before, my fault).
>
>Again, not all of the Orient follows the Qur'an. So you'll have to do
>better than that.
>
 
I have not claimed that. It is sufficient for the argument when there are
a lot of male dominated societies that qualify as Machistic. Are you going
to say that the situation of women is better in sufficeint areas of the
Orient?
 
 
(Deletion)
>This is an argument for why _you_ don't like religions that suppress
>sex. A such it's an irrelevant argument.
>
>If you'd like to generalize it to an objective statement then
>fine. My response is then: you have given no reason for your statement
>that sex is not the business of religion (one of your "arguments").
>
>The urge for sex in adolescents is not so strong that any overly strong
>measures are required to suppress it. If the urge to have sex is so
>strong in an adult then that adult can make a commensurate effort to
>find a marriage partner.
>
 
You apparently have trouble reading things you don't like. The point was
having sex the way one wishes being a strong desire. Marriage is a red
herring. Tell me about homosexuals, for one. You simply ignore everything
that doesn't fit into the world as you would like to have it.
 
And as for the situation of adolescents, one has probably keep your
combination of leniency and maiming in mind, whe you say that it does
not take *overly* strong measures to suppress the urge for sex in
adolescents.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54167
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <1993Apr16.211458.1@eagle.wesleyan.edu>
kmagnacca@eagle.wesleyan.edu writes:
 
(deletion)
>Nope, Germany has extremely restrictive citizenship laws.  The
>ethnic Germans who have lived in Russia for over 100 years
>automatically become citizens if they move to Germany, but the
>Turks who are now in their third generation in Germany can't.
 
That's wrong. They can.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54168
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

Jon Livesey writes:

>So why do I read in the papers that the Qumram texts had "different
>versions" of some OT texts.   Did I misunderstand?

Reading newspapers to learn about this kind of stuff is not the best idea in
the world.  Newspaper reporters are notoriously ignorant on the subject of
religion, and are prone to exaggeration in the interests of having a "real"
story (that is, a bigger headline).

Let's back up to 1935.  At this point, we have the Masoretic text, the
various targums (translations/commentaries in aramaic, etc.), and the
Septuagint, the ancient greek translation.  The Masoretic text is the
standard Jewish text and essentially does not vary.  In some places it has
obvious corruptions, all of which are copied faithfully from copy to copy.
These passages in the past were interpreted by reference to the targums and
to the Septuagint.

Now, the septuagint differs from the masoretic text in two particulars:
first, it includes additional texts, and second, in some passages there are
variant readings from the masoretic text (in addition to "fixing"/predating
the various corrupted passages).  It must be emphasized that, to the best of
my knowledge, these variations are only signifcant to bible scholars, and
have little theological import.

The dead sea scroll materials add to this an ancient *copy* of almost all of
Isaiah and fragments of various sizes of almost all other OT books.  There
is also an abundance of other material, but as far as I know, there is no
sign there of any hebrew antecdent to the apocrypha (the extra texts in the
septuagint).  As far as analysis has proceeded, there are also variations
between the DSS texts and the masoretic versions.  These tend to reflect the
septuagint, where the latter isn't obviously in error.  Again, though, the
differences (thus far) are not significant theologically.  There is this big
expectation that there are great theological surprises lurking in the
material, but so far this hasn't happened.

The DSS *are* important because there is almost no textual tradition in the
OT, unlike for the NT.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54170
From: markp@elvis.wri.com (Mark Pundurs)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <sandvik-250493163828@sandvik-kent.apple.com> sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes:

>In article <markp.735580401@avignon>, markp@avignon (Mark Pundurs) wrote:
>> You take LSD, and it skews your perception of reality. You come down,
>> and your perceptions unskew.

>I've never taken LSD, but read about the strange lifes and times
>of the Ashbury Heights culture. Something that was usually profound
>was the way these LSD trippers mentioned that after their first trip
>they changed their view of the world. In other words taking LSD would 
>change their reference frames. Which would indicate that deep changes
>due to let us say rewiring of the brain temporarily will indeed
>change frames. And this leads to the statement that there is no
>solid reference frame; the LSD trippers modified their relative 
>view.

Much of the Haight-Ashbury crowd probably had pre-existing 
dissatisfactions with their lives -- dissatisfactions ameliorated by
mumbo-jumbo about 'new realities'. The only change I experienced after 
LSD was to gain the knowledge that I didn't enjoy how LSD twisted my
perception.
--
Mark Pundurs

any resemblance between my opinions and those 
of Wolfram Research, Inc. is purely coincidental

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54171
From: edm@twisto.compaq.com (Ed McCreary)
Subject: Re: Genocide is Caused by Theism : Evidence?

>>>>> On 25 Apr 93 23:26:20 GMT, bobbe@vice (Robert Beauchaine;6086;59-323;LP=A;YAyG) said:

...execellent examples of Luther's insane rantings deleted...

Gee, I'm *sooooo* surprised that they don't teach this part of his
ideology in high schools today.

--
Ed McCreary                                               ,__o
edm@twisto.compaq.com                                   _-\_<, 
"If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao."  (*)/'(*)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54172
From: mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus)
Subject: Re: thoughts on christians

On Wed, 21 Apr 1993 08:16:14 GMT sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) wrote:
>In article <C5rGKB.4Fs@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu

[re. Conner's questioning of the blissful afterlife as a reason why many
joined the early Xian church]

>Well, as I remember Jacoby's "Mythmaker" talks about this to cite
>one source -- but I'm not sure if all Christians have read this book.
>In addition my social experiences is from being raised and educated
>as a Lutheran, having a lot of Christian friends, and I even
>have played in two Christian rock bands!

Do you mean Hyam Maccoby's _The Mythmaker_?

--
Mike McAngus         | The Truth is still the Truth
mam@mouse.cmhnet.org | Even if you choose to ignore it.
                     |
(Some of the old .sig viruses are still the best)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54173
From: mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

On Tue, 20 Apr 1993 04:32:59 GMT bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) wrote:
>This is fascinating. Atheists argue for abortion, defend homosexuality
>as a means of population control, insist that the only values are
>biological and condemn war and capital punishment. According to
>Benedikt, if something is contardictory, it cannot exist, which in
>this case means atheists I suppose.

What atheists are you talking about?  

IMNSHO, Abortion is the womans choice.  Homosexual sex is the choice of 
the people involved.  War is sometimes necessary.  

This leaves capital punishment.  I oppose capital punishemnt because 
mistakes can happen (yes this thread went around with no resolution
recently).

As far as poplulation control, I think contraception and education are
the best courses of action.

>I would like to understand how an atheist can object to war (an
>excellent means of controlling population growth), or to capital
>punishment, I'm sorry but the logic escapes me.

That's because you are again making the assumption that all Atheists 
have some specific mindset.

>And why just capital punishment, what is being questioned here, the
>propriety of killing or of punishment? What is the basis of the
>ecomplaint?

Mistakes can happen Bill, and I could be the victim of such a mistake.

--
Mike McAngus         | The Truth is still the Truth
mam@mouse.cmhnet.org | Even if you choose to ignore it.
                     |
(Some of the old .sig viruses are still the best)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54174
From: mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus)
Subject: Re: Americans and Evolution

On Tue, 20 Apr 1993 04:49:18 GMT bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) wrote:
>Robert Singleton (bobs@thnext.mit.edu) wrote:

>: > Sure it isn't mutually exclusive, but it lends weight to (i.e. increases
>: > notional running estimates of the posterior probability of) the 
>: > atheist's pitch in the partition, and thus necessarily reduces the same 
>: > quantity in the theist's pitch. This is because the `divine component' 
>: > falls prey to Ockham's Razor, the phenomenon being satisfactorily 
>:                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>: > explained without it, and there being no independent evidence of any 
>:   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>: > such component. More detail in the next post.
>: > 

>Occam's Razor is not a law of nature, it is way of analyzing an
>argument, even so, it interesting how often it's cited here and to
>what end. 
>It seems odd that religion is simultaneously condemned as being
>primitive, simple-minded and unscientific, anti-intellectual and
>childish, and yet again condemned as being too complex (Occam's
>razor), the scientific explanation of things being much more
>straightforeward and, apparently, simpler. 

Cute characterization Bill; however, there is no inconsistency between 
the two statements.  Even if one believes that religion is "primitive, 
simple-minded and unscientific, anti-intellectual and childish", one
can still hold the view that religion also adds an unnecessary level of
complexity to the explanation.  The ideas themselves don't have to be
complex before being excised by Occam's Razor, they only have to add 
unnecessarily to the overall complexity of the description.

>                                           Which is it to be - which
>is the "non-essential", and how do you know?

I think the non-essential part of an explanatory system is one that
adds no predictive capability to the system.

>Considering that even scientists don't fully comprehend science due to
>its complexity and diversity. Maybe William of Occam has performed a
>lobotomy, kept the frontal lobe and thrown everything else away ...

Huh?

>This is all very confusing, I'm sure one of you will straighten me out
>tough.
 ^^^^^
Watch it, your Freudian Slip is showing

--
Mike McAngus         | The Truth is still the Truth
mam@mouse.cmhnet.org | Even if you choose to ignore it.
                     |
(Some of the old .sig viruses are still the best)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54175
From: mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

On 20 Apr 93 13:38:34 GMT dps@nasa.kodak.com (Dan Schaertel,,,) wrote:
>In article 11853@vice.ICO.TEK.COM, bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM (Robert Beauchaine) writes:
>|>
>|>  Yet I am still not a believer.  Is god not concerned with my
>|>  disposition?  Why is it beneath him to provide me with the
>|>  evidence I would require to believe?  The evidence that my
>|>  personality, given to me by this god, would find compelling?

>The fact is God could cause you to believe anything He wants you to. 
>But think about it for a minute.  Would you rather have someone love
>you because you made them love you, or because they wanted to
>love you.     The responsibility is on you to love God and take a step toward
>Him.  He promises to be there for you, but you have to look for yourself.
>Those who doubt this or dispute it have not givin it a sincere effort.

I and many others on a.a have described how we have tried to find god.
Are you saying our efforts have not been sincere?  For all the effort
I have put in, there has been no outward nor inward change that I can
perceive.  What's a sincerely searching Agnostic or Atheist supposed to
do when even the search turns up nothing?

>Simple logic arguments are folly.  If you read the Bible you will see
>that Jesus made fools of those who tried to trick him with "logic".
>Our ability to reason is just a spec of creation.  Yet some think it is
>the ultimate.  If you rely simply on your reason then you will never
>know more than you do now.   To learn you must accept that which
>you don't know.

How do you "accept that which you don't know"?  Do you mean that I must
believe in your god in order to believe in your god?

--
Mike McAngus         | The Truth is still the Truth
mam@mouse.cmhnet.org | Even if you choose to ignore it.
                     |
(Some of the old .sig viruses are still the best)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54176
From: mam@mouse.cmhnet.org (Mike McAngus)
Subject: Hard/Soft == Strong/Weak.  KISS!

On 20 Apr 93 08:31:07 GMT timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu (Bake Timmons) wrote:
>mccullou@whipple.cs.wisc.edu writes:

[writing to someone else]

>But you, probably like me, seem to be a soft atheist.  Sorry for the flamage.

Can we get back to using the terms "strong Atheist" and "weak Atheist"
rather than this "hard Atheist" and "soft Atheist".  I can imagine 
future discussions with Newbies where there is confusion because of the
multiplication of descriptions.

[rest deleted]

--
Mike McAngus         | The Truth is still the Truth
mam@mouse.cmhnet.org | Even if you choose to ignore it.
                     |
(Some of the old .sig viruses are still the best)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54178
From: ray@netcom.com (Ray Fischer)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes ...
> ray@netcom.com (Ray Fischer) writes:
>#frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes ...
>#>Plus questions for you:  why do subjectivists/relativists/nihilists get so 
>#>het up about the idea that relativism is *better* than objectivism? 
>#
>#To the degree that relativism is a more accurate decription of the
>#truth than is objectivism, it provides more power and ability to
>#control events.
>
>I think you lose the right to talk about THE truth once you say values are
>relative.   Accuracy is a value judgement, too.  It so happens I agree with 
>the substance of what you say below, but it's clear to me that at least 
>*some* values are objective.  Truth is better than falsehood, peace is
>better than war, education is better than ignorance.  We know these things,
>if we know anything.

While I'll agree that these are generally held to be "good things", I
question whether they come very close to being objective values.
Especially considering that at one time or another each has been
viewed as being undesirable.  I doubt you could even come up with
anything that could be said to be universally "good" or "bad".

And when I referred to "the truth" I was using the term
hypothetically, realizing full well that there may not even be such a
thing.

>#Assuming, for the moment, that morals _are_ relative, then two
>#relativists can recognize that neither has a lock on the absolute
>#truth and they can proceed to negotiate a workable compromise that
>#produces the desired results.
>
>No they cannot, because they acknowledge up front that THE desired
>results do not exist.  That, after all, is the meaning of compromise.
>
>Plus some problems: If the relativists have no values in common, compromise 
>is impossible - what happens then?    Who, if anyone, is right?  What happens 
>if one relativist has a value "Never compromise?".  A value "plant bombs in 
>crowded shopping areas"?  After all, if morals are relative, these values 
>cannot *meaningfully* be said to be incorrect.

True enough.  But they cannot be said to be anything more than
personal morals.  One thing notably lacking in most extremists is any
sense of _personal_ accountability - the justification for any
socially unacceptable behaviour is invariably some "higher authority"
(aka, absolute moral truth).

>#Assuming that there is an absolute morality, two disagreeing 
>#objectivists can either be both wrong or just one of them right; there
>#is no room for compromise.  Once you beleive in absolute morals,
>#you must accept that you are amoral or that everyone who disagrees
>#with you is amoral.
>
>Untrue.  One can accept that one does not know the whole truth.  Part
>of the objective truth about morality may well be that flexibility is
>better than rigidity, compromise is better than believing you have a lock
>on morals, etc.  In the same way, I can believe in an objective reality
>without claiming to know the mechanism for quantum collapse, or who shot
>JFK.

An objective truth that says one cannot know the objective truth?
Interesting notion.   :-)

Certainly one can have as one's morals a belief that compromise is
good.  But to compromise on the absolute truth is not something most
people do very successfully.  I suppose one could hold compromise as
being an absolute moral, but then what happens when someone else
insists on no compromise?  How do you compromise on compromising?

>#Given a choice between a peaceful compromise or endless contention,
>#I'd say that compromise seems to be "better".
>
>And I would agree.   But it's bloody to pointless to speak of it if it's
>merely a matter of taste.  Is your liking for peace any better founded
>than someone else's liking for ice-cream?  I'm looking for a way to say
>"yes" to that question, and relativism isn't it.

Almost invariably when considering the relative value of one thing
over another, be it morals or consequences, people only consider those
aspects which justify a desired action or belief.  In justifying a
commitement to peace I might argue that it lets people live long &
healthy and peaceful lives.  While that much may well be true, it is
incomplete in ignoring the benefits of war - killing off the most
agressive member of society, trimming down the population, stimulating
production.  The equation is always more complex than presented.
To characterize relative morals as merely following one's own
conscience / desires is to unduly simplify it.

-- 
Ray Fischer                   "Convictions are more dangerous enemies of truth
ray@netcom.com                 than lies."  -- Friedrich Nietzsche

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54179
From: vdp@mayo.edu (Vinayak Dutt)
Subject: Re: Islamic Banks (was Re: Slavery

In article 28833@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au,  darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
#In <1993Apr14.143121.26376@bmw.mayo.edu> vdp@mayo.edu (Vinayak Dutt) writes:
#>So instead of calling it interest on deposits, you call it *returns on investements*
#>and instead of calling loans you call it *investing in business* (that is in other words
#>floating stocks in your company). 
#
#No, interest is different from a return on an investment.  For one
#thing, a return on an investment has greater risk, and not a set return
#(i.e. the amount of money you make can go up or down, or you might even
#lose money).  The difference is, the risk of loss is shared by the
#investor, rather than practically all the risk being taken by the
#borrower when the borrower borrows from the bank.
#

But is it different from stocks ?  If you wish to call an investor in stocks as
a banker, well then its your choice .....

#>Relabeling does not make it interest free !!
#
#It is not just relabeling, as I have explained above.

It  *is* relabeling ...
Also its still not interest free. The investor is still taking some money ... as
dividend on his investment ... ofcourse the investor (in islamic *banking*, its your
so called *bank*)  is taking more risk than the usual bank, but its still getting some
thing back in return .... 

Also have you heard of junk bonds ???


---Vinayak
-------------------------------------------------------
                                           vinayak dutt
                                   e-mail: vdp@mayo.edu

             standard disclaimers apply
-------------------------------------------------------



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54180
From: kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran)
Subject: We don't need no stinking subjects!

In article <1ql1avINN38a@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:
>>keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>>>kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:
>
>>No, if you're going to claim something, then it is up to you to prove it.
>>Think "Cold Fusion".
>
>Well, I've provided examples to show that the trend was general, and you
>(or others) have provided some counterexamples, mostly ones surrounding
>mating practices, etc.  I don't think that these few cases are enough to
>disprove the general trend of natural morality.  And, again, the mating
>practices need to be reexamined...

So what you're saying is that your mind is made up, and you'll just explain
away any differences at being statistically insignificant?

>>>Try to find "immoral" non-mating-related activities.
>>So you're excluding mating-related-activities from your "natural morality"?
>
>No, but mating practices are a special case.  I'll have to think about it
>some more.

So you'll just explain away any inconsistancies in your "theory" as being
"a special case".

>>>Yes, I think that the natural system can be objectively deduced with the
>>>goal of species propogation in mind.  But, I am not equating the two
>>>as you so think.  That is, an objective system isn't necessarily the
>>>natural one.
>>Are you or are you not the man who wrote:
>>"A natural moral system is the objective moral system that most animals
>> follow".
>
>Indeed.  But, while the natural system is objective, all objective systems
>are not the natural one.  So, the terms can not be equated.  The natural
>system is a subset of the objective ones.

You just equated them.  Re-read your own words.

>>Now, since homosexuality has been observed in most animals (including
>>birds and dolphins), are you going to claim that "most animals" have
>>the capacity of being immoral?
>
>I don't claim that homosexuality is immoral.  It isn't harmful, although
>it isn't helpful either (to the mating process).  And, when you say that
>homosexuality is observed in the animal kingdom, don't you mean "bisexuality?"

A study release in 1991 found that 11% of female seagulls are lesbians.

>>>Well, I'm saying that these goals are not inherent.  That is why they must
>>>be postulates, because there is not really a way to determine them
>>>otherwise (although it could be argued that they arise from the natural
>>>goal--but they are somewhat removed).
>>Postulate: To assume; posit.
>
>That's right.  The goals themselves aren't inherent.
>
>>I can create a theory with a postulate that the Sun revolves around the
>>Earth, that the moon is actually made of green cheese, and the stars are
>>the portions of Angels that intrudes into three-dimensional reality.
>
>You could, but such would contradict observations.

Now, apply this last sentence of your to YOUR theory.  Notice how your are
contridicting observations?

>>I can build a mathematical proof with a postulate that given the length
>>of one side of a triangle, the length of a second side of the triangle, and
>>the degree of angle connecting them, I can determine the length of the
>>third side.
>
>But a postulate is something that is generally (or always) found to be
>true.  I don't think your postulate would be valid.

You don't know much math, do you?  The ability to use SAS to determine the
length of the third side of the triangle is fundemental to geometry.

>>Guess which one people are going to be more receptive to.  In order to assume
>>something about your system, you have to be able to show that your postulates
>>work.
>
>Yes, and I think the goals of survival and happiness *do* work.  You think
>they don't?  Or are they not good goals?

Goals <> postulates.

Again, if one of the "goals" of this "objective/natural morality" system
you are proposing is "survival of the species", then homosexuality is
immoral.
--
=kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu | B(0-4) c- d- e++ f- g++ k(+) m r(-) s++(+) t | TSAKC=
=My thoughts, my posts, my ideas, my responsibility, my beer, my pizza.  OK???=

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54181
From: MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <1qkq9t$66n@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de> frank@D012S658.uucp writes:

(Attempting to define 'objective morality'):

> I'll take a wild guess and say Freedom is objectively valuable.  I base
> this on the assumption that if everyone in the world were deprived utterly
> of their freedom (so that their every act was contrary to their volition),
> almost all would want to complain.

      So long as you keep that "almost" in there, freedom will be a
mostly valuable thing, to most people. That is, I think you're really
saying, "a real big lot of people agree freedom is subjectively valuable
to them". That's good, and a quite nice starting point for a moral
system, but it's NOT UNIVERSAL, and thus not "objective".

> Therefore I take it that to assert or
> believe that "Freedom is not very valuable", when almost everyone can see
> that it is, is every bit as absurd as to assert "it is not raining" on
> a rainy day.

      It isn't in Sahara.

-- 
  Disclaimer?   "It's great to be young and insane!"

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54182
From: kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran)
Subject: Re: <Political Atheists?

In article <1ql06qINN2kf@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:
>kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu (Keith "Justified And Ancient" Cochran) writes:
>>Schneider
>>>Natural morality may specifically be thought of as a code of ethics that
>>>a certain species has developed in order to survive.
>>Wait.  Are we talking about ethics or morals here?
>
>Is the distinction important?

Yes.

>>>We see this countless
>>>times in the animal kingdom, and such a "natural" system is the basis for
>>>our own system as well.
>>Huh?
>
>Well, our moral system seems to mimic the natural one, in a number of ways.

Please describe these "number of ways" in detail.  Then explain the any
contradictions that may arise.

>>>In order for humans to thrive, we seem to need
>>>to live in groups,
>>Here's your problem.  "we *SEEM* to need".  What's wrong with the highlighted
>>word?
>
>I don't know.  What is wrong?  Is it possible for humans to survive for
>a long time in the wild?  Yes, it's possible, but it is difficult.  Humans
>are a social animal, and that is a cause of our success.

Define "difficult".

>>>and in order for a group to function effectively, it
>>>needs some sort of ethical code.
>>This statement is not correct.
>
>Isn't it?  Why don't you think so?

Explain the laws in America stating that you have to drive on the right-
hand side of the road.

>>>And, by pointing out that a species' conduct serves to propogate itself,
>>>I am not trying to give you your tautology, but I am trying to show that
>>>such are examples of moral systems with a goal.  Propogation of the species
>>>is a goal of a natural system of morality.
>>So anybody who lives in a monagamous relationship is not moral?  After all,
>>in order to ensure propogation of the species, every man should impregnate
>>as many women as possible.
>
>No.  As noted earlier, lack of mating (such as abstinence or homosexuality)
>isn't really destructive to the system.  It is a worst neutral.

So if every member of the species was homosexual, this wouldn't be destructive
to the survival of the species?

>>For that matter, in herds of horses, only the dominate stallion mates.  When
>>he dies/is killed/whatever, the new dominate stallion is the only one who
>>mates.  These seems to be a case of your "natural system of morality" trying
>>to shoot itself in the figurative foot.
>
>Again, the mating practices are something to be reexamined...

The whole "theory" needs to be reexamined...
--
=kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu | B(0-4) c- d- e++ f- g++ k(+) m r(-) s++(+) t | TSAKC=
=My thoughts, my posts, my ideas, my responsibility, my beer, my pizza.  OK???=

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54183
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
> Simple.  Take out some physics books, and start looking for statements which
> say that there is no objective physics.  I doubt you will find any.  You
> might find statements that there is no objective length, or no objective
> location, but no objective _physics_?

Perhaps you have a different understanding of what "physics" is.  If we
can't measure anything objectively, then the answers we get from physics
aren't objective either.  That's what I mean when I say there's no objective
physics.

Sure, we can all agree that (say) F = GMm/r^2, but that's maths.  It's only
physics when you relate it to the real world, and if we can't do that
objectively, we're stuck.  (Of course, this displays my blatant bias towards
applied science; but even theoretical physics gets applied to models of real
world situations, based on real world observations.)

>                 (Consider, for instance, that speed-of-light-in-
> vacuum is invariant.  This sounds an awful lot like an objective
> speed-of-light-in-vacuum.)

It's an axiom that it's invariant.  But if the two of us measure it, we'll
get different answers.  Yes, we call that experimental error, but it's not
really "error" in the conventional sense; in fact, if you don't get any,
that's an error :-)

You could argue that the value of c is "objective, to within +/- <some
value>".  But I'd call that a rather odd usage of the word "objective", and
it opens the way for statements like "Murder is objectively wrong for all
people, to within 1% of the total population."


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54184
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Burden of Proof

watson@sce.carleton.ca (Stephen Watson) writes:
>kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>>In article <healta.171.735538331@saturn.wwc.edu> healta@saturn.wwc.edu
>>(Tammy R Healy) writes:
>>>>        "FBI officials said cult leader David Koresh may have 
>>>>         forced followers to remain as flames closed in. Koresh's 
>>>>         armed guard may have injected as many as 24 children with 
>>>>         poison to quiet them."
>>>>
>>>Do the FBI have proof of this yet?!
> 
>>    Why ask me? I am only quoting the FBI official. Why not ask the FBI?
> 
> Myabe they're lying to cover up, or maybe they're telling the truth.

The 24 children were, of course, killed by a lone gunman in a second story
window, who fired eight bullets in the space of two seconds...


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54185
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Cults Vs. Religions?

mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate) writes:
> To the media, "religion" and "cult" have about the same relative
> connotations as "government" and "terrorist group".

Yes, each is a form of the other.

Charley an anarchist?  No, just true words being spoken in jest.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54186
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Gulf War and Peace-niks

mccullou@snake12.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
> We seem to be agreeing that the soldiers were just doing their job
> as best they could, following orders.  

Proof positive that some people are beyond satire.


mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54187
From: mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Are atoms real? (was Re: After 2000 years blah blah blah)

kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko) writes:
>mathew (mathew@mantis.co.uk) wrote:
>> What is the difference between a "_chemist_" and someone who is taught
>> Chemistry at, say, Cambridge University?
> 
> Put like this, I can't answer. I was originally pointing out that your
> attitude _seemed to be_ (I don't know if it really was) that chemists
> tend to ignore all kinds of effects;

When they're not important, yes.  All scientists do.  Otherwise science would
never get anywhere.

>                                     your original posting stated that
> when doing chemistry, it is common to ignore atomic interactions,

Hang about -- not atomic interactions in general.  Just specific ones which
are deemed unimportant.  Like gravitational interactions between ions, which
are so small they're drowned out by electrostatic effects, and so on.

>> Has there been some revolution in teaching methods in the last four years?
> 
> Perhaps this revolution has yet to reach Cambridge (my, now I'll get
> flamed for sure;-) ).

Oh, probably.  They still make people memorize equations and IR spectra. 
Maybe in a few decades they'll discover the revolutionary "data book"
technique.


Bitter and twisted, mathew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54188
From: turpin@cs.utexas.edu (Russell Turpin)
Subject: Re: History & texts (was: Ancient references to Christianity)

-*----
I wrote:
>> The diaries of the followers of the Maharishi, formerly of
>> Oregon, are historical evidence.  

In article <2944756297.1.p00261@psilink.com> "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
> Are you confusing Bhagwan Rajneesh (sp?) with the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
> here by any chance?

I believe that Maharishi is titular.  (Someone please correct me if 
I am wrong.)  Thus, Maharishi Rajneesh is a different person from
Maharishi Mahesh, but they are both Maharishis.

Russell

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54189
From: John A. Johnson <J5J@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <1r39kh$itp@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank
O'Dwyer) says:
>
[ . . .]
>Specifically, I'd like to know what relativism concludes when two
>people grotesquely disagree.  Is it:
>
>(a) Both are right
>
>(b) One of them is wrong, and sometimes (though perhaps rarely) we have a
>    pretty good idea who it is
>
>(c) One of them is wrong, but we never have any information as to who, so
>    we make our best guess if we really must make a decision.
>
>(d) The idea of a "right" moral judgement is meaningless (implying that
>     whether peace is better than war, e.g., is a meaningless question,
>     and need not be discussed for it has no correct answer)
>
>(e) Something else.  A short, positive assertion would be nice.
>
>As I hope you can tell, (b) and (c) are actually predicated on
>the assumption that values are real  - so statements like these
>_can't_ consistently derive from the relativist assumption that values
>aren't part of objective reality.

I am a relativist who would like to answer your question, but the way you
phrase the question makes it unanswerable.  The concepts of "right"
and "wrong" (or "correct/incorrect" or "true/false") belong to the
domain of epistemological rather than moral questions.  It makes no
sense to ask if a moral position is right or wrong, although it is
legitimate to ask if it is good (or better than another position).

Let me illustrate this point by looking at the psychological derivatives
of epistemology and ethics:  perception and motivation, respectively.
One can certainly ask if a percept is "right" (correct, true,
veridical) or "wrong" (incorrect, false, illusory).  But it makes little
sense to ask if a motive is true or false.  On the other hand, it is
strange to ask whether a percept is morally good or evil, but one can
certainly ask that question about motives.

Therefore, your suggested answers (a)-(c) simply can't be considered:
they assume you can judge the correctness of a moral judgment.

Now the problem with (d) is that it is double-barrelled:  I agree with
the first part (that the "rightness" of a moral position is a
meaningless question), for the reasons stated above.  But that is
irrelevant to the alleged implication (not an implication at all) that
one cannot feel peace is better than war.  I certainly can make
value judgments (bad, better, best) without asserting the "correctness"
of the position.

Sorry for the lengthy dismissal of (a)-(d).  My short (e) answer is
that when two individuals grotesquely disagree on a moral issue,
neither is right (correct) or wrong (incorrect).  They simply hold
different moral values (feelings).
-----------------------------------
John A. Johnson (J5J@psuvm.psu.edu)
Department of Psychology Penn State DuBois Campus 15801
Penn State is not responsible for my behavior.
"A ruthless, doctrinaire avoidance of degeneracy is a degeneracy of
 another sort.  Getting drunk and picking up bar-ladies and writing
 metaphysics is a part of life."  - from _Lila_ by R. Pirsig

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54190
From: swf@elsegundoca.ncr.com (Stan Friesen)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

[This is SWF in another indirect post via Dan].

In article <1993Apr20.150829.27925@asl.dl.nec.com>,
duffy@aslss02.asl.dl.nec.com (Joseph Duffy) writes:
|> In article <1993Apr17.184948.4847@microsoft.com>
russpj@microsoft.com (Russ Paul-Jones) writes:
|> >
|> >The same way that any theory is proven false.  You examine the
predicitions
|> >that the theory makes, and try to observe them.  If you don't, or
if you
|> >observe things that the theory predicts wouldn't happen, then you
have some
|> >evidence against the theory.  If the theory can't be modified to
|> >incorporate the new observations, then you say that it is false.
|>
|> But how does one handle the nonrepeatability of the experiment? In
many types of
|> experiments the "prediction" is that the observed phenomena will
happen again
|> and be capable of being observed. For example, in chemistry someone
may predict
|> the outcome of a chemical reaction and then actually observe that
reaction
|> repeatedly.

There are several problems here. First, you are discussing only
experimental procedures. Observational procedures are also useful.  The
main criterion is attempting to verify an idea by using it to make
prediction about as-yet unmade observations. The observations could be
the result of an experiment, or they could be obsevations of activity
occuring spontaneossly in nature, or they could even be observations of
the lasting results of events long past. All that matters is that the
observations be *new*.  This is what prediction is about in science -
it is
*not* about predicting the future except in this very restricted
sense.

Secondly, repeatability can also take many forms.  It is really just
the
requirement that independent observers be able to verify the results.
The
observation of a fossil is 'repeatable', since any qualified observer
may
look at it (this is why the specimens are reqtined in a museum).  Also,
there is the implicit prediction that future fossil finds will
correspond
to the current one.  New fossils are found often enough that this is
tested regularly.  Many times a new fossil actually falsifies some
conclusion made on the basis of previous fossils.

Unfortunately for you, the models that were falsified have alway been
peripheral to the model of evolution we now have.  (For instance, the
front legs of Tyrannosaurus rex turned out to have tremendous muscles,
rather than being weakly endowed as previously believed).

So, in fact, histoircal science findings *are* repeatable in the
necessary sense.  Just becuase you cannot go out and repeat the
original
event does *not* make it impossible to make valid observations.

[This is not to say that biologists would not go coo-coo if extra-
terrestrial life were discovered - that could make the determination
of the process of abiogenesis relatively easy].

--
sarima@teradata.com                     (formerly tdatirv!sarima)
  or
Stanley.Friesen@ElSegundoCA.ncr.com

sarima@teradata.com			(formerly tdatirv!sarima)
  or
Stanley.Friesen@ElSegundoCA.ncr.com


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54191
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1993Apr25.031703.5230@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au> darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
>The intent of my post (as I remember it) was to show that you cannot
>argue against any religion (or ideology, for that matter) by the actions
>of those who claim to be its followers.  You have to look at the
>teachings of the religion (or the principles of the ideology) _itself_.
>There is no getting around this.
>
>So to argue against Islam, you have to go to the Qur'an.  Bringing up
>Khomeini (or anyone else) is relevant to discussing Khomeini, but not
>_necessarily_ relevant to discussing Islam _as a religion_.

Sorry, Fred, but for the purposes under discussion here, I must
disagree.  Your point is true only in the sense that one cannot argue
against communism by reference to the Chinese or Soviet empires, since
those did not represent *true* communism.  In judging the practical
consequences of Islam as a force to contend with in the world today,
it is precisely the Khomeini's of the world, the Rushdie-fatwa
supporters, and perhaps more importantly, the reaction of the world
Muslim community to those extremists, that we must look to.  Perhaps
unfortunately from your perspective, most people are not concerned
with whether Islam is the right religion for them, or whether the
Qur'an could be used as a guidebook for a hypothetical utopia, but how
Islam affects the world around them, or what their lives might be like
if Islam gains in influence.  When I consider such possibilities, it
is with not inconsiderable fear.
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54192
From: perry@dsinc.com (Jim Perry)
Subject: Re: Hoban (was Re: The Inimitable Rushdie)

In article <116540@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
[Interchange on Hoban deleted]

>This post of mine also illustrates that I am not simply a reactionary
>who hates any book which doesn't go out of its way to avoid upsetting
>religionists. 

Only those you haven't actually read?  Sorry, but the irony remains.

>I reiterate for the nth time also that I don't agree with K's fatwa, 
>nor do I support censorship. My point in the original thread has been 
>to show why Rushdie is not particularly due sympathy by those who hold 
>their religion in high esteem and don't enjoy seeing things which slander
>it (like the story of the Satanic Verses (as opposed to the Rushdie's
>_TSV_)) played with for amusement.

So although you don't agree with the fatwa, and apparently don't think
Rushdie should be killed for his book, yet you think he is not due
sympathy for being being under this threat.  Furthermore you base this
reaction solely on the fact that he wrote about a particular
well-known story which -- if true -- might reflect poorly on the
absolute truth of your religion.  Yet, this opinion is formed without
recourse to actually looking to see how the story is used in context,
accepting at face value the widespread propaganda on just what this
book contains and what the author's motivations are.  And then you
come forward and recommend another book which touches on (presumably
"plays with") religious/historical material because you find its
overall presentation neutral!
-- 
Jim Perry   perry@dsinc.com   Decision Support, Inc., Matthews NC
These are my opinions.  For a nominal fee, they can be yours.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54193
From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:

>This is fascinating. Atheists argue for abortion, defend homosexuality
>as a means of population control, insist that the only values are
>biological and condemn war and capital punishment. According to
>Benedikt, if something is contardictory, it cannot exist, which in
>this case means atheists I suppose.
>I would like to understand how an atheist can object to war (an
>excellent means of controlling population growth), or to capital
>punishment, I'm sorry but the logic escapes me.

First, you seem to assume all atheists think alike.  An atheist does not
believe in the existence of a god.  Our opinions on issues such as 
capital punishment and abortion, however, vary greatly.  

If you were attacking the views of a particular atheist (Benedikt, I 
presume), then please present your argument as such and do not lump us
all together.

As for the issues, let's start with abortion.  Personally, I do not support
abortion as a means of population control or contraception-after-the-fact.
However, I support the right of any woman to have an abortion, regardless
of what my personal views may be, because it would be arrogant of me to tell
any individual what he/she may or may not do to his/her body, and the domain
of legislators should not extend into the uterus.  That's my opinion, and I
am sure many atheists and theists would disagree with me.

I do not defend homosexuality as a means of population control, but I 
certainly defend it as an end to itself.  I think most homosexuals would
be angered to hear of anyone characterizing their personal relationship as
nothing more than a conscious effort to keep population levels down.  

As for atheists believing all values are biological, I have no idea what
you're talking about.

Finally, there are the issues of war and capital punishment.  An atheist
can object to either one just as easily as a theist might.  You seem to
be hung up on some supposed conspiratorial link between atheism and 
population control.  Could this be the "atheist cause" you were referring 
to a few posts back?

-- 
---                      __  _______                              ---
||| Kevin Marshall       \ \/ /_  _/  Computer Science Department |||
||| Virginia Tech         \  / / /     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu |||
--- Blacksburg, Virginia   \/ /_/                  (703) 232-6529 ---

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54194
From: marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu (Kevin Marshall)
Subject: Re: Faith and Dogma

tgk@cs.toronto.edu (Todd Kelley) writes:

>Faith and dogma are irrational.  The faith and dogma part of any religion
>are responsible for the irrationality of the individuals.

I disagree.  In the end, the *individual* is responsible for his/her own
irrationality.  The individual's belief in some dogmatic religion is a 
symptom of that irrationality.

>Have you noticed that philosophers tend to be atheists?

Atheists and agnostics, I would imagine, but yes, that was my point.  An
atheist would theoretically be just as ill-equipped to study the philosophy
of religion as a Christian, and yet there is a persistence of atheists
among the ranks of philosophers.  Therefore, the conflict between one's
religious beliefs (or lack thereof) and the ability to be a philosopher
must not be as great as you assert.  The fact that most philosophers may
be non-religious was a secondary point.


>Science, (as would be practiced by atheists) in contrast, has a
>BUILT IN defence against faith and dogma.

As opposed to science practiced by theists?  Be careful here.

Science does have a built-in defence against faith and dogma:
skepticism.  Unfortunately, it is not foolproof.  There is that 
wonderful little creature known as the "theory."  Many of us believe in
the theory of evolution.  We have no absolute proof that this 
theory is true, so why do we believe it?  Because it "makes more 
sense than...?"  There is quite a bit of faith involved here.


>A scientist holds sacred the idea that beliefs should change to
>suit whatever is the best information available at the time, AND,
>*AND*, ****AND***, a scientist understands that any current beliefs
>are deficient in some way.

Well, not ALL current beliefs are deficient, but basically I agree.


>Can you see the difference?  Science views beliefs as being flawed,
>and new information can be obtained to improve them.

Ideally, this is true.  In reality, though, you have to acknowledge
that scientists are human.  Scientists have egos and biases.  Some
scientists assume a particular theory is true, refuse to admit the
flaws in that theory because of ego problems or whatever, and proceed
to spend their time and money trying to come up with absolute proof 
for the theory.  Remember cold fusion?


>>By the way, I wasn't aware mass suicide
>>was a problem.  Waco and Jonestown were isolated incidents.  
>>Mass suicides are far from common.
>
>Clinton and the FBI would love for you to convince them of this.
>It would save the US taxpayer a lot of money if you could.

Not really.  I agree that we spent far too much money on the Waco
crisis ($7,500,000 I believe), especially considering the outcome.
My point was that mass suicides in the U.S. are rare (Jonestown was
in Guyana, incidentally, although we footed the bill for the clean-up),
and the U.S. has far more important issues to address.  Compare the
number of U.S. citizens who have died in mass suicides with, say, the
number of U.S. soldiers who died during one week of the Vietnam War and
you will see my point.

-- 
---                      __  _______                              ---
||| Kevin Marshall       \ \/ /_  _/  Computer Science Department |||
||| Virginia Tech         \  / / /     marshall@csugrad.cs.vt.edu |||
--- Blacksburg, Virginia   \/ /_/                  (703) 232-6529 ---

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54195
From: scharle@lukasiewicz.cc.nd.edu (scharle)
Subject: Re: Rawlins debunks creationism

In article <1r4dglINNkv2@ctron-news.ctron.com>, king@ctron.com (John E. King) writes:
|> 
|> 
|> kv07@IASTATE.EDU (Warren Vonroeschlaub) writes:
|> 
|> 
|> 
|> >  Neither I, nor Webster's has ever heard of Francis Hitchings.  Who is he? 
|> >Please do not answer with "A well known evolutionist" or some other such
|> >informationless phrase.
|> 
|> He is a paleontologist and author of "The Neck of the Giraffe".  The
|> quote was taken from pg. 103.
|> 
|> Jack

    For your information, I checked the Library of Congress catalog,
and they list the following books by Francis Hitching:

    Earth Magic

    The Neck of the Giraffe, or Where Darwin Went Wrong

    Pendulum: the Psi Connection

    The World Atlas of Mysteries

-- 
Tom Scharle                |scharle@irishmvs
Room G003 Computing Center |scharle@lukasiewicz.cc.nd.edu
University of Notre Dame  Notre Dame, IN 46556-0539 USA

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54196
From: scharle@lukasiewicz.cc.nd.edu (scharle)
Subject: Re: Rawlins debunks creationism

In article <30151@ursa.bear.com>, halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
|> In article <C5snCL.J8o@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu>, adpeters@sunflower.bio.indiana.edu (Andy Peters) writes:
|> 
|> >Evolution, as I have said before, is theory _and_ fact.  It is exactly
|> >the same amount of each as the existence of atoms and the existence of
|> >gravity.  If you accept the existence of atoms and gravity as fact,
|> >then you should also accept the existence of evolution as fact.
|> >
|> >-- 
|> >--Andy
|> 
|> I don't accept atoms or gravity as fact either.  They are extremely useful
|> mathematical models to describe physical observations we can make.
|> Other posters have aptly explained the atomic model.  Gravity, too, is
|> very much a theory; no gravity waves have even been detected, but we
|> have a very useful model that describes much of the behavior on
|> objects by this thing we _call_ gravity.  Gravity, however, is _not_ 
|> a fact.  It is a theoretical model used to talk about how objects 
|> behave in our physical environment.  Newton thought gravity was a
|> simple vector force; Einstein a wave. Both are very useful models that 
|> have no religious overtones or requirements of faith, unless of course you 
|> want to demand that it is a factual physical entity described exactly 
|> the way the theory now formulated talks about it.  That takes a great 
|> leap of faith, which, of course, is what religion takes.  Evolution
|> is no different.
|> 
|> -- 
|>  jim halat         halat@bear.com     
|> bear-stearns       --whatever doesn't kill you will only serve to annoy you--
|>    nyc             i speak only for myself

    What do you accept as a fact --  the roundness of the earth (after 
all, the ancient Greeks thought it was a sphere, and then Newton said 
it was a spheroid, and now people say it's a geoid [?])?  yourself 
(isn't your personal identity just a theoretical construct to make 
sense of memories, feelings, perceptions)?  I'm trying to think of 
anything that would be a fact for you.  Give some examples, and let's
see how factual they are by your criteria (BTW, what are your
criteria?).

    "Gravity is _not_ a fact": is that a fact?  How about Newton's 
and Einstein's thoughts about gravity -- is it a fact that they had 
those thoughts?  I don't see how any of the things that you are 
asserting are any more factual than things like gravity, atoms or 
evolution.

    In short, before I am willing to consider your concept of what
a fact is, I'm going to have to have, as a minimum, some examples of
what you think are facts.

-- 
Tom Scharle                |scharle@irishmvs
Room G003 Computing Center |scharle@lukasiewicz.cc.nd.edu
University of Notre Dame  Notre Dame, IN 46556-0539 USA

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54197
From: sjs28257@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu (Steve Stelter)
Subject: Re: Mottos to replace "In doG we trust"

pepke@dirac.scri.fsu.edu (Eric Pepke) writes:

>"In Mammon We Trust"
>"Hey, this is just a piece of paper!"
>"Spend Me Quickly"

"This is your god" (from John Carpenter's "They Live," natch)



                         --Steve "The Lurking Horror" Stelter
                           sjs28257@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54198
From: datepper@phoenix.Princeton.EDU (David Aaron Tepper)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <30136@ursa.bear.com> halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
>In article <1qjd3o$nlv@horus.ap.mchp.sni.de>, frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes:
>>Firstly, science has its basis in values, not the other way round.
>>So you better explain what objective atoms are, and how we get them
>>from subjective values, before we go any further.
>
>Atoms are not objective.  They aren't even real.  What scientists call
>an atom is nothing more than a mathematical model that describes 
>certain physical, observable properties of our surroundings.  All
>of which is subjective.  

[rest deleted...]

You were a liberal arts major, weren'tcha?

Guess you never saw that photo of the smallest logo in the world--
"IBM" made with noble gas atoms (krypton? xenon? I forget the
specifics).

Atoms, trees, electrons are all independently observable and
verifiable. Morals aren't. See the difference?

Tep
-- 
Men who love brown tend to be warm and deep, sensitive to the needs and
desires of their partners. Sex is a 24 hour a day thing. Snuggling by
the fire, walking in the rain or catching snowflakes on their tongue is
a real turn-on to a lover of brown. (thanx becka!)

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54199
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)
From: SSAUYET@eagle.wesleyan.edu (SCOTT D. SAUYET)

jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:   >
  ( in <1993Apr16.163729.867@batman.bmd.trw.com> )
  ( responding to Dave "First With Official A.A Nickname" Fuller )
 
[ ... ]
> The death penalty IS a deterrent, Dave.  The person executed will never
> commit a crime again.  Guaranteed.      [ ... ]

That means that it is an effective anti-recidivism measure.  It does
not say that it deters an individual from committing a capital crime
in the first place.

The true question is whether the threat of death is likely to actually
stop one from murdering.  (Or commiting treason -- are there any other
capital crimes anywhere in the USA?)  That is, if there were no death
penalty, would its introduction deter a would-be criminal from
committing her/his crime?  I doubt it.

This is only the first step.  Even if it were a strong deterrent
(short of being a complete deterrent) I would reject it.  For what
about the case of the innocent executed?

And even if we could eliminate this possibility, I would reject the
death penalty as immoral. This makes me something of a radical on
the issue, although I think there are many opponents of captial
punishment who agree with me, but who find the innocent executed the
strongest argument to make.

I would, if magically placed in charge, facilitate state-aided suicide
for criminals who have life-sentences.  This could be a replacement
for capital punishment.  Those who don't want to live the rest of
their lives in jail would always have this option.

 -- Scott Sauyet                 ssauyet@eagle.wesleyan.edu

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54200
From: MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In <C5L1tG.K5q@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu writes:

> If some society came up with a good reason for why rape and murder are ok I 
> would be consistent with my position and hold that it was still wrong.  My 
> basis of morality is not on societal norms, or on current legalities.  My
> basis is, surprise surprise, on both the Bible and on inherent moral
> abhorrences,

      AH! But what, exactly, is "inherently abhorrent" and WHY is it so?
What you're saying is, in effect, "I think some things are repulsive,
and I know a whole bunch of other people who agree with me, so they
should be deemed absolutely immoral now and forever, period".

      Which in and of itself is nice enough; to some extent I agree with
you. But I do _not_ agree that things are 'inherently' or 'absolutely'
immoral; they are labeled 'immoral' each for its own good reason, and if
the reason can even theoretically change, then so can the label.

[...]
> Yes, that's vague, and the only way I know off the top of my head to
> defend it is to say that all humans are similarly made. Yes, that falls
> into the trap of creation,

      No it doesn't. Humans are to some extent similar, because we all
belong to the same species; that that species has evolved is another
story altogether. To a certain extent evolution can even lend credence
to moral absolutism (of a flavour).

[...]
> My arguments are that it is better to exhibit trust, goodness, 
> love, respect, courage, and honesty in any society rather than deceipt,
> hatred, disrespect, "cowardness", and dishonesty.

      You're saying morality is what'll keep society alive and kicking.
It is, I think, up to a point; but societies are not all alike, and
neither are their moralities.

> No, I haven't been everywhere and 
> seen everyone, but, according to my thesis, I don't have to, since I hold that
> we were all created similarly.

      Similar != identical.

> If that makes an unfalsifiable thesis, just say
> so, and I'll both work out what I can and punt to fellow theists.

      No, it's falsifiable through finding someoe who was "created
different", whatever that might be in the "real" world.

-- 
  Disclaimer?   "It's great to be young and insane!"

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54201
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <1qla0g$afp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey) writes:
>In article <115565@bu.edu>, jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>|> >I hope an Islamic Bank is something other than BCCI, which
>|> >ripped off so many small depositors among the Muslim
>|> >community in the Uk and elsewhere.

>|> Grow up, childish propagandist.

>Gregg, I'm really sorry if having it pointed out that in practice
>things aren't quite the wonderful utopia you folks seem to claim
>them to be upsets you..

You have done no such thing.


>BBCI was an example of an Islamically owned and operated bank -
>what will someone bet me they weren't "real" Islamic owners and
>operators?

An Islamic bank is a bank which operates according to the rules
of Islam in regard to banking. This is done explicitly by the
bank. This was not the case with BCCI.

>And why did these naive depositors put their life savings into
>BCCI rather than the nasty interest-motivated western bank down
>the street?   

This is crap. BCCI was motivated by the same motives as other
international banks, with perhaps an emphasis on dealing with
outlaws and the intelligence services of various governments.

>So please don't try to con us into thinking that it will all 
>work out right next time.

Back to childish propaganda again. You really ought to get a life
rather than wasting bandwith on such empty typing. There are thousands
of Islamic banks operating throughout the world which no-one ever hears
about. If you want to talk about corrupted banks we can talk about
all the people who've been robbed by American banks. 


Gregg




Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54202
From: jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie

In article <1qlb7oINN684@shelley.u.washington.edu> 
jimh@carson.u.washington.edu (James Hogan) writes:


>20:52 P.S.T.  I come to my senses and accept the all-knowing
>wisdom and power of the Quran and Allah.  Not only that, but Allah 
>himself drops by to congratulate me on my wise choice. Allah rolls a
>few bones and we get down.  Then Allah gets out the Crisco, bends 
>over, and invites me to take a spin around the block.  Wow.


>20:56 P.S.T.  I realize that maybe Allah is looking for more of a 
>commitment than I'm ready for, so I say "Man, I've got some
>programming to do.  Gotta go.  I'll call you."


>20:59 P.S.T   Thinking it over, I renounce Islam.

What loyalty!

Jim, it seems you've been reading a little too much Russell Hoban
lately. As Hemingway said, my imitators always imitate the _bad_
aspects of my writing. Hoban would, no doubt, say the same here.



Gregg

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54203
From: kv07@IASTATE.EDU (Warren Vonroeschlaub)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

In article <C5L184.Jo9@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb)
writes:
>In <1qlapk$d7v@morrow.stanford.edu> salem@pangea.Stanford.EDU (Bruce Salem) 
>writes:
>>In article <C5JrDE.M4z@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike 
>Cobb) writes:
>>>Theory of Creationism: MY theistic view of the theory of creationism, (there
>>>are many others) is stated in Genesis 1.  In the beginning God created
>>>the heavens and the earth.
>
>> Wonderful, now try alittle imaginative thinking!
>
>Huh? Imaginative thinking? What did that have to do with what I said? Would it
>have been better if I said the world has existed forever and never was created
>and has an endless supply of energy and there was spontaneous generation of 
>life from non-life?  WOuld that make me all-wise, and knowing, and
imaginative?

  No, but at least it would be a theory.

 |  __L__
-|-  ___  Warren Kurt vonRoeschlaub
 |  | o | kv07@iastate.edu
 |/ `---' Iowa State University
/|   ___  Math Department
 |  |___| 400 Carver Hall
 |  |___| Ames, IA  50011
 J  _____

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54204
From: MANDTBACKA@FINABO.ABO.FI (Mats Andtbacka)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In <93106.155002JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu> <JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:

      Who cares what the fellow wrote anyway? I mean, it came from
PSUVM, so how could it possibly have been of any importance?

=====

(disperse smileys until no longer offended)


-- 
  Disclaimer?   "It's great to be young and insane!"

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54215
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: FAKE GOD, HOLY LIES

In article <1993Apr22.130421.113279@zeus.calpoly.edu>, dmcaloon@tuba.calpoly.edu (David McAloon) writes:
>
> REMEMBER: Einstien said Imagination is greater than knowledge!!

Then Einstein should have had lunch with me at the Tien Fu
on Castro Street yesterday, when they handed me a fortune
cookie that said "He who has imagination but not knowledge
has wings, but no feet".

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54216
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

See, I told you there was an atheist mythology, thanks for proving my
point.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54217
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

Maddi Hausmann (madhaus@netcom.com) wrote:

: But how do we know that you're representing the REAL Christians?
: ;-)

: Bill, you're an asshole.  Get lost.

Maddi,

I see that you still can't grasp the obvious, is it because your are devious
by nature, or can you only find fault with an argument by
misrepresenting it?

I plainly said that I was stating the Christian position as I
understand it, I did not say whether I agree with it since my point
was that the only flaws in that position are those atheists invent.
I have never claimed to be an expert on anything and especially
Christianity, but I have made it an object of pretty intense study
over the years, so I feel qualified to discuss what its general
propositions are.

What offends you is that I have exposed the distortions and
misrepresentations of Christianity you contrive and then rail against,
(which seems more like the classical strawman dodge than what I said)
This leaves you with nothing but to attack but me. As usual, you
avoid the larger issues by picking away at the insignificant stuff, why not
find one particular thing in my post that we can discuss, or can you
even tell me what the issues are?

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54218
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5uuL0.n1C@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
|> 
|> Many of the atheists posting here argue against their own parody of
|> religion; they create some ridiculous caricature of a religion and
|> then attack the believers within that religion and the religion itself
|> as ridiculous. By their own devices, they establish a new religion, a
|> mythology.

You mean Bobby Mozumder is a myth?    We wondered about that.

|> The point of course, is to erect an easy target and deflect the
|> disputants away from the real issue - atheism. The fictional Christian
|> or Moslem or Jew who is supposed to believe the distorted
|> representation of their beliefs presented here, is therefore made to
|> seem a fool and his/her arguments can thereby be made to appear
|> ludicrous. The mythology is the misrepresentations of religion used
|> here as fact.

You mean Bobby Mozumder didn't really post here?   We wondered
about that, too.

So, Mr Conner.   Is Bobby Mozumder a myth, a performing artist, 
a real Moslem. a crackpot, a provocateur?    You know everything
and read all minds: why don't you tell us?

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54219
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5uuL0.n1C@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>Many of the atheists posting here argue against their own parody of
>religion; they create some ridiculous caricature of a religion and
>then attack the believers within that religion and the religion itself
>as ridiculous. By their own devices, they establish a new religion, a
>mythology. 

	That is not an "atheism mythology" in any sense of the word.
"Religious paradoy" would be significantly more appropriate.

	The 2nd part is rendered null and void by the simple fact that I
do know several "strong" atheists. I am sure that others do. I myself am
"strong" in the sense that I find the standard concept of God without any
meaning. Any attempt to bring meaning either results in the destruction of 
the viability of language, or in internal self contradiction. 

	The concept of strong atheism is not just a whimsical fantasy. They, 
and I, exist.

	Your strawman is pointless and weak.

---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54220
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5uxJ9.pJ@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:

>See, I told you there was an atheist mythology, thanks for proving my
>point.
>
>Bill

	Considering what you quoted and refered to was blank, I must say:
touche!

	Of course, you are correct, there is no atheistic mythology employed 
on this board. Or, if there is, it is null and void.


---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54221
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5uzpE.18p@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:

>What offends you is that I have exposed the distortions and
>misrepresentations of Christianity you contrive and then rail against,
>(which seems more like the classical strawman dodge than what I said)
>This leaves you with nothing but to attack but me. As usual, you
>avoid the larger issues by picking away at the insignificant stuff, why not
>find one particular thing in my post that we can discuss, or can you
>even tell me what the issues are?

	Let me guess: you're not a psycho-analyst in real life, but you play 
one on alt.atheism. Right?


	Is ESP something you have been given by God?
---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54222
Subject: Re: Death Penalty / Gulf War (long)
From: sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed)

In article <1993Apr22.015922.7418@daffy.cs.wisc.edu> mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
>In article <37501@optima.cs.arizona.edu> sham@cs.arizona.edu (Shamim Zvonko Mohamed) writes:
>>BULLSHIT!!! In the Gulf Massacre, 7% of all ordnance used was "smart." The
>>rest - that's 93% - was just regular, dumb ol' iron bombs and stuff.

>I have heard figures closer to 80%, ...

>>And of the 7% that was the "smart" stuff, 35% hit. Again - try to follow me
>>here - that means 65% of this "smart" arsenal missed.

>Most figures I have seen place the hit ratio close to 70%, which is 
>still far higher than your 35%.

>> I have a source that says that to date, the civilian death count
>>(er, excuse me, I mean "collateral damage") is about 200,000.

>I have _never_ seen any source that was claiming such a figure.  Please
>post the source so its reliability can be judged.  

Obviously, we have different sources. Bill Moyers (who happens to be a
theist, to tie this to alt.atheism!) in his PBS documentary "After The
War" is my main source. (I think I still have it on videotape.) Others
include The Nation and The Progressive.

The rest of the article is mere rationalisation. You may claim that
sanitation plants are strategic "legitimate" targets, but what happens to
the civilians in a city with no sewer system? What happens to the
civilians when you destroy water purification plants? And when hospitals
can't handle the resultant epidemics, because there is no more electricity?

And what exactly are your sources? We have all, I'm sure, seen Postol's
interviews in the media where he demostrates how the Pentagon lied about
the Patriot's effectiveness; what is your source for the 70%
effectiveness you claim?

In any case, I don't know if this is relevant to alt.atheism. How about
if we move it somewhere else?

-s
--
  Shamim Mohamed / {uunet,noao,cmcl2..}!arizona!shamim / shamim@cs.arizona.edu
  "Take this cross and garlic; here's a Mezuzah if he's Jewish; a page of the
    Koran if he's a Muslim; and if he's a Zen Buddhist, you're on your own."
   Member of the League for Programming Freedom - write to lpf@uunet.uu.net

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54223
From: hyder@cs.utexas.edu (Syed Irfan Hyder)
Subject: Re: The Qur'an and atheists (was Re: Jewish Settlers Demolish a Mosque in Gaza)

In article <2944846190.2.p00261@psilink.com> "Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
::DATE:   Sun, 25 Apr 1993 10:13:30 GMT
::FROM:   Fred Rice <darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au:
::
::
::The Qur'an talks about those who take their lusts and worldly desires for 
::their "god".
::
::I think this probably encompasses most atheists.
::
:: Fred Rice
:: darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au   
:
:As well as all the Muslim men screwing fourteen year old prostitutes in
:Thailand.  Got a better quote?
:

I wonder if the above quote forms  the justification for athiesm, and
the equanimity with which their belief is arrived at!!!!!


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54224
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

Andrew Newell (TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu) wrote:
: >
: >I think you're letting atheist mythology confuse you on the issue of

: (WEBSTER:  myth:  "a traditional or legendary story...
:            ...a belief...whose truth is accepted uncritically.")

: How does that qualify?
: Indeed, it's almost oxymoronic...a rather amusing instance.
: I've found that most atheists hold almost no atheist-views as
: "accepted uncritically," especially the few that are legend.
: Many are trying to explain basic truths, as myths do, but
: they don't meet the other criterions.

Andrew,

The myth to which I refer is the convoluted counterfeit athiests have
created to make religion appear absurd. Rather than approach religion
(including Christainity) in a rational manner and debating its claims
-as the are stated-, atheists concoct outrageous parodies and then
hold the religious accountable for beliefs they don't have. What is
more accurately oxymoric is the a term like, reasonable atheist.

Bill

: >Divine justice. According to the most fundamental doctrines of
: >Christianity, When the first man sinned, he was at that time the

: You accuse him of referencing mythology, then you procede to
: launch your own xtian mythology.  (This time meeting all the
: requirements of myth.)
 
Here's a good example of of what I said above. Read the post again, I
said, "Acoording to ...", which means I am referring to Christian
doctrine (as I understand it), if I am speaking for myself you'll know
it. My purpose in posting was to present a basic overview of Christain
doctrines since it seemed germane.

Bill

: >with those who pretend not to know what is being said and what it
: >means. When atheists claim that they do -not- know if God exists and
: >don't know what He wants, they contradict the Bible which clearly says
: >that -everyone- knows. The authority of the Bible is its claim to be

: ...should I repeat what I wrote above for the sake of getting
: it across?  You may trust the Bible, but your trusting it doesn't
: make it any more credible to me.
: If the Bible says that everyone knows, that's clearly reason
: to doubt the Bible, because not everyone "knows" your alleged
: god's alleged existance.

Again I am paraphrasing Christian doctrine which is very clear on this
point, your dispute is not with me ...

Bill

: >refuted while the species-wide condemnation is justified. Those that
: >claim that there is no evidence for the existence of God or that His will is
: >unknown, must deliberately ignore the Bible; the ignorance itself is
: >no excuse.

: 1) No, they don't have to ignore the Bible.  The Bible is far
: from universally accepted.  The Bible is NOT a proof of god;
: it is only a proof that some people have thought that there
: was a god.  (Or does it prove even that?  They might have been
: writing it as series of fiction short-stories.  As in the
: case of Dionetics.)  Assuming the writers believed it, the
: only thing it could possibly prove is that they believed it.
: And that's ignoring the problem of whether or not all the
: interpretations and Biblical-philosophers were correct.

: 2) There are people who have truly never heard of the Bible.

: 3) Again, read the FAQ.

1) Here again you miss the point. The Bible itself is not the point,
it's what it contains. It makes no difference who accpets the Bible or
even who's unaware of its existence, Christians hold that it applies
universally because mankind shares the same nature and the same fate
and the same innate knowledge of God.

2) See above

3) If you read my post with same care as read the FAQ, we wouldn't be
having this conversation.

Bill

: >freedom. You are free to ignore God in the same way you are free to
: >ignore gravity and the consequences are inevitable and well known
: >in both cases. That an atheist can't accept the evidence means only

: Bzzt...wrong answer!
: Gravity is directly THERE.  It doesn't stop exerting a direct and
: rationally undeniable influence if you ignore it.  God, on the
: other hand, doesn't generally show up in the supermarket, except
: on the tabloids.  God doesn't exert a rationally undeniable influence.
: Gravity is obvious; gods aren't.

As I said, the evidence is there, you just don't accept it, here at
least we agree.

Bill

: >Secondly, human reason is very comforatble with the concept of God, so
: >much so that it is, in itself, intrinsic to our nature. Human reason
: >always comes back to the question of God, in every generation and in

: No, human reason hasn't always come back to the existance of
: "God"; it has usually come back to the existance of "god".
: In other words, it doesn't generally come back to the xtian
: god, it comes back to whether there is any god.  And, in much
: of oriental philosophic history, it generally doesn't pop up as
: the idea of a god so much as the question of what natural forces
: are and which ones are out there.  From a world-wide view,
: human nature just makes us wonder how the universe came to
: be and/or what force(s) are currently in control.  A natural
: tendancy to believe in "God" only exists in religious wishful
: thinking.

Yes, human reason does always come back to the existence of God, we're
having this discussion are we not?

Bill

: >I said all this to make the point that Christianity is eminently
: >reasonable, that Divine justice is just and human nature is much
: >different than what atheists think it is. Whether you agree or not

: YOU certainly are not correct on human nature.  You are, at
: the least, basing your views on a completely eurocentric
: approach.  Try looking at the outside world as well when
: you attempt to sum up all of humanity.

Well this is interesting, Truth is to be determined by it politically
correct content. Granted it's extremely unhip to be a WASP male, and
anything European is contemptable, but I thought this kind of
dialogue, the purpose of a.a, was to get at the truth of things. But
then I remember the oxymoron, reasonalble atheist, and I understand.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54225
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

James Felder (spbach@lerc.nasa.gov) wrote:

: Are you saying that their was a physical Adam and Eve, and that all humans are direct decendents of only these two human beings.?  Then who were Cain and Able's wives?  Couldn't be their sisters, because A&E didn't have daughters.  Were they non-humans?

Okay all humans are direct descendents of of a bunch of hopeful
monsters. The human race didn't evolve from one set parents, but from
thousands. Do you really base your atheist on -this-?

: Considering that something like 4 out of 5 humans on this planet don't know instinctively that the Christian god exist, the claim of instinctive knowledge doesn't look like it hold much water.  Or are you saying that the 4 billion non-Christians in the world must fight this instinctive urge to acknowledge God and JC.

Did I say that people were Christians by nature or did I say that
Christians hold that everyone knows of the God the Christians worship.
I would have thought the distinction obvious, sorry. Read my post
again and see what I -really- said; from what you've written, I think
you are just being agumentative. Also your word-wrap is screwed up or
you need to shift to 80 columns text ...

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54226
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:

: I agree, I had a hard feeling not believing my grand-grand mother
: who told me of elves dancing outside barns in the early mornings.
: I preferred not to accept it, even if her statement provided
: the truth itself. Life is hard.


Kent,

Truly a brilliant rebuttal. Apparently you are of the opinion that
ridicule is a suitable substitute for reason; you'll find plenty of
company a.a

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54227
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <115847@bu.edu> jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:

>Well, in 1984 one was not allowed to leave the domain of authority. One
>_is_ free to leave Islam. If one regards Islamic law as a curse one
>should consider leaving Islam.

	The only way out seems to be death.

---  

  " I'd Cheat on Hillary Too."

   John Laws
   Local GOP Reprehensitive
   Extolling "Traditional Family Values."





Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54228
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: Death Penalty (was Re: Political Atheists?)

In article <1993Apr17.225127.25062@daffy.cs.wisc.edu> mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu (Mark McCullough) writes:
>You exagerate to the point of libel.  I gave only unpopular reasons
>deliberately.  Or do you think that we should have let Iraq absorb Kuwait?
>I could make the tired old 1939 Poland comparison, but I think you've
>heard it.  But the principle aplies, never play a Chamberlain and
>roll over to another country being invaded.  That only invites further 
>invasions.

	Perhaps we ought not to have supported a known genocidist?
	Provided him with weapon systems, tactical support, technology,
etc.

	We made Suddam Hussein.

	What did Bush call him? Oh yes, an ally and a freind.


---  

  " I'd Cheat on Hillary Too."

   John Laws
   Local GOP Reprehensitive
   Extolling "Traditional Family Values."





Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54231
From: keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider)
Subject: Re: "Cruel"

kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:

>>I don't think so.  Although some forms of execution are painful (the electric
>>chair looks particularly so), I think the pain is relatively short-lived.
>>Drawing and quartering, on the other hand, looks very painful, and the
>>victim wouldn't die right away (he'd bleed to death, I'd imagine).
>Ah, so a cruel punishment is not just if it is painful, as you 
>origionally stated. It is about long term pain, eg: non short-lived.
>Why this sudden chance in your stance?

I don't think I've changed my stance at all.  My original stance was that
a painless execution was not a cruel one.  I didn't say what would be
considered cruel, only that a painless death wasn't.  Now, cruelty must
involve some sort of suffering, I believe.  I don't think someone that gets
shot in the head or electrocuted really suffers very much.  Even a hanging
probably produces one sharp instance of pain, but it's over so quickly...

>Hmmmmm?

Pardon?

>Could it be that a counter example has been made, which renders your 
>previous stance null and void? Why don't you admit that your previous stance 
>is incorrect? Or, if you somehow managed to slip up, and misstated your 
>origional stance, why not admit it?

No.  Well, again I stated that a painless death isn't cruel, but I don't
think I stated that all painful executions *are* cruel.  I think that some
are cruel, depending on the nature and duration of the pain.

>By the way, how long is too long?

Anything more than an instant, I guess.  Any death by suffocation
asphyxiation, or blood loss would be cruel, I think (this includes the
gas chamber, and drawing and quartering).  I'd say that any pain that
lasts, say, over twenty seconds or so would be too long (but this may
be an arbitrary cutoff, I suppose).

keith

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54233
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

Dan Schaertel,,, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) wrote:
> In article 21627@ousrvr.oulu.fi, kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko) writes:

> |>I love god just as much as she loves me. If she wants to seduce me,
> |>she'll know what to do. 

> But if He/She did you would probably consider it rape.  

Of course not. I would think that would be great _fun_, not having ever
felt the joy and peace the Christians speak of with a longing gaze.
This is not what I got when I believed - I just tried to hide my fear
of getting punished for something I never was sure of. The Bible is
hopelessly confusing for someone who wants to know for sure. God did
not answer. In the end, I found I had been following a mass delusion,
a lie. I can't believe in a being who refuses to give a slightest hint
of her existence.

> Obviously there are many Christians who have tried and do believe. So .. ?

I suggest they should honestly reconsider the reasons why they believe
and analyse their position. In fact, it is amusing to note in this
context that many fundamentalist publications tell us exactly the
opposite - one should not examine one's belief critically.

I'll tell you something I left out of my 'testimony' I posted to this
group two months ago. A day after I finally found out my faith is over,
I decided to try just one more time. The same cycle of emotional
responses fired once again, but this time the delusion lasted only
a couple of hours. I told my friend in a phone that it really works,
thank god, just to think about it again when I hung up. I had to admit
that I had lied, and fallen prey to the same illusion.

> No one asks you to swallow everything, in fact Jesus warns against it.   But let
> me ask you a question.  Do you beleive what you learn in history class, or for
> that matter anything in school.  I mean it's just what other people have told
> you and you don't want to swallow what others say. right ... ?

I used to believe what I read in books when I was younger, or what
other people told me, but I grew more and more skeptical the more I
read. I learned what it means to use _reason_.

As a student of chemistry, I had to perform a qualitative analysis
of a mixture of two organic compounds in the lab. I _hated_ experiments
like this - they are old-fashioned and increase the student's workload
considerably. Besides, I had to do it twice, since I failed in my first
attempt. However, I think I'll never forget the lesson: 

No matter how strongly you believe the structure of the unknown is X,
it may still be Y. It is _very_ tempting to jump into conclusions, take
a leap of faith, assure oneself, ignore the data which is inconsistent. 
But it can still be wrong. 

I found out that I was, after all, using exactly the same mechanism
to believe in god - mental self-assurance, suspension of fear, 
filtering of information. In other words, it was only me, no god
playing any part. 

> The life , death, and resurection of Christ is documented historical fact.

Oh? And I had better believe this? Dan, many UFO stories are much better
documented than the resurrection of Jesus. The resurrection is documented
quite haphazardly in the Bible - it seems the authors did not pay too
much attention to which wild rumour to leave out. Besides, the ends of
the gospels probably contain later additions and insertions; for instance,
the end of Mark (16:9-20) is missing from many early texts, says my Bible.

Jesus may have lived and died, but he was probably misunderstood.

> As much
> as anything else you learn.  How do you choose what to believe and 
> what not to?

This is easy. I believe that the world exists independent of my mind,
and that logic and reason can be used to interpret and analyse what I
observe. Nothing else need to be taken on faith, I will go by the
evidence. 

It makes no difference whether I believe George Washington existed or not.
I assume that he did, considering the vast amount of evidence presented.

> There is no way to get into a sceptical heart.  You can not say you have 
> given a 
> sincere effort with the attitude you seem to have.  You must TRUST, 
> not just go 
> to church and participate in it's activities.  Were you ever willing to
> die for what you believed?  

A liar, how do you know what my attitude was? Try reading your Bible
again. 

I was willing to die for my faith. Those who do are usually remembered
as heroes, at least among those who believe. Dan, do you think I'm
lying when I say I believed firmly for 15 years? It seems it is 
very difficult to admit that someone who has really believed does not
do so anymore. But I can't go on lying to myself.

Blind trust is dangerous, and I was just another blind led by the blind.
But if god really wants me, she'll know what to do. I'm willing. I just
don't know whether she exists - looking at the available evidence,
it looks like she doesn't. 

Petri
--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54234
From: kadie@cs.uiuc.edu (Carl M Kadie)
Subject: [UPI] "Mother files complaint over Boy Scouts"

[By default, followups to 3 newsgroups.]

A short excerpt:

>	BROOKFIELD, Wis. (UPI) -- A mother has filed a complaint with the
>Elmbrook School Board alleging her son's elementary school and its
>Parent-Teacher Organization show discrimination by supporting the Boy
>Scouts.
>	Gisele Klemp said Wednesday the PTO's sponsorship of a Boy Scout
>troop and Cub Scout pack that meet at Hillside Elementary School in
>surbarban Milwaukee is discrimination because the Boy Scouts ban
>homosexuals.
[...]
>	PTO President Gail Pludeman disputed the charges of discrimination
>and said she believes the Boy Scouts are beneficial.
-- 
Carl Kadie -- I do not represent any organization; this is just me.
 = kadie@cs.uiuc.edu =

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54235
From: livesey@solntze.wpd.sgi.com (Jon Livesey)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5v09t.1Dq@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes: 
|> 
|> Okay all humans are direct descendents of of a bunch of hopeful
|> monsters. The human race didn't evolve from one set parents, but from
|> thousands. Do you really base your atheist on -this-?


In article <C5v0zp.1Dq@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
|>
|> Truly a brilliant rebuttal. Apparently you are of the opinion that
|> ridicule is a suitable substitute for reason; you'll find plenty of
|> company a.a

Bill Conner, meet Bill Conner.

jon.

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54236
From: forgach@noao.edu (Suzanne Forgach)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

> In article <kmr4.1587.734911207@po.CWRU.edu> kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan) writes:
>
>   Only when the Sun starts to orbit the Earth will I accept the Bible. 

Did you forget that two spinning skaters are in orbit around each other?

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54237
From: Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <1993Apr21.144114.8057@wam.umd.edu>, willdb@wam.umd.edu (William
David Battles) says:
>
>In article <1993Apr16.223250.15242@ncsu.edu> aiken@news.ncsu.edu (Wayne NMI
>Aiken) writes:
>>JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu wrote:
>>: YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  E
>B
>>: PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>>
>>Did someone leave their terminal unattended again?
>
>Probably not! The jesus freak's post is probably JSN104@PSUVM. Penn State
>is just loaded to the hilt with bible bangers. I use to go there *vomit* and
>it was the reason I left. They even had a group try to stop playing
>rock music in the dining halls one year cuz they deemed it satanic. Kampus
>Krusade for Khrist people run the damn place for the most part....except
>the Liberal Arts departments...they are the safe havens.

Sounds like you were going to a different Penn State or something.
Kampus Krusade for Khrist is very vocal here, but they really have
little power to get anything done.  Sometimes it seems like there
are a lot of them because they're generally more vocal than their
opposition, but there really aren't that many Krusaders.

The liberals tend to keep to themselves if they can help it, since
all they really want is to be allowed to go about their own lives
the way they want to.  ...so you don't hear from or about most of
them.  The bible-bangers stand out because they want everyone to
be forced to live according to bible-banger rules.

The Krusaders certainly don't run this place.

I'd say we've got a rather average mix. of people here....
much like the rest of the U.S.  And just like everywhere else,
some factions are louder than others.

Andrew

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54238
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

In article <C5v2Mr.1z1@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:
>The myth to which I refer is the convoluted counterfeit athiests have
>created to make religion appear absurd. Rather than approach religion
>(including Christainity) in a rational manner and debating its claims
>-as the are stated-, atheists concoct outrageous parodies and then
>hold the religious accountable for beliefs they don't have. What is
>more accurately oxymoric is the a term like, reasonable atheist.

	1) They are religious parodies, NOT atheistic paradies.

	2) Please substantiate that they are parodies, and are outrageous.
	   Specifically, why is the IUP any more outrageous than many 
	   religions?

---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54239
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: "Cruel"

In article <1r7bkpINNo0s@gap.caltech.edu> keith@cco.caltech.edu (Keith Allan Schneider) writes:



>No.  Well, again I stated that a painless death isn't cruel, but I don't
>think I stated that all painful executions *are* cruel.  I think that some
>are cruel, depending on the nature and duration of the pain.

	But hanging is certainly painful. Or, do you not let the condemned 
know they are going to die?


>Anything more than an instant, I guess.  Any death by suffocation
>asphyxiation, or blood loss would be cruel, I think (this includes the
>gas chamber, and drawing and quartering).  I'd say that any pain that
>lasts, say, over twenty seconds or so would be too long (but this may
>be an arbitrary cutoff, I suppose).

	Hanging is not supposed to be very pleasant. I believe that in 
actuality, it is not "quick and clean". However, gas chambers can be
quite non-painful. Heck, why not give them a good time? Suffication by
Nitrious Oxide!

	=)


---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54240
From: christen@astro.ocis.temple.edu (Carl Christensen)
Subject: Re: Books

[stuff about hard to find atheist books deleted]

Perhaps the infiltration of fundies onto school boards, city councils,
etc. has something to do with why you can't find alternative media?

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54241
From: christen@astro.ocis.temple.edu (Carl Christensen)
Subject: Re: Cults Vs. Religions?

Bill Ray (ray@engr.LaTech.edu) wrote:
: James Thomas Green (jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu) wrote:
: : So in conclusion it can be shown that there is essentially no
: : logical argument which clearly differentiates a "cult" from a
: : "religion".  I challenge anyone to produce a distinction which
: : is clear and can't be easily knocked down.  

: How about this one: a religion is a cult which has stood the test
: of time.

Just like history is written by the `winners' and not the `losers.'
From what I've seen of religions, a religion is just a cult that
was so vile and corrupt it was able to exert it's doctrine using
political and military measures.  Perhaps if Koresh withstood the
onslaught for another couple of months he would have started 
attracting more converts due to his `strength,' hence becoming a
full religion and not just a cult.

--
Carl Christensen                /~~\_/~\        ,,,  Dept. of Computer Science
christen@astro.ocis.temple.edu |  #=#==========#   | Temple University        
"Curiouser and curiouser!" - LC \__/~\_/        ```  Philadelphia, PA  USA   

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54242
From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
Subject: Re: Nicknames

cmtan@iss.nus.sg (Tan Chade Meng - dan) writes: >
>Somebody forgotten me................
>
>"No Nickname" Tan Chade Meng
>(Chinese have nicknames in the front)
>
>--
>
>The UnEnlightened One


I thought your nickname was "UnEnlightened"
-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54243
From: ed@wente.llnl.gov (Ed Suranyi)
Subject: Re: Asimov stamp

In article <C61H4H.8D4@dcs.ed.ac.uk> pdc@dcs.ed.ac.uk (Paul Crowley) writes:
>Quoting schnitzi@eustis.cs.ucf.edu (Mark Schnitzius) in article <schnitzi.735603785@eustis>:
>>I'm sure all the religious types would get in a snit due
>>to Asimov's atheism.

>Can someone confirm this?  Someone told me that Asimov converted to
>Christianity at some point, or something.  Does anyone have any good
>quotes?

What?  Absolutely not.  No way.  Asimov was a lifelong atheist, and
said so many times, right until his death.  Judging from the many
stories he told about his own life, he felt culturally closest to
Judaism, which makes sense. He was born Jewish.

Ed
ed@wente.llnl.gov



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54244
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

dean.kaflowitz (decay@cbnewsj.cb.att.com) wrote:
: > 
: > I think you're letting atheist mythology

: Great start.  I realize immediately that you are not interested
: in discussion and are going to thump your babble at me.  I would
: much prefer an answer from Ms Healy, who seems to have a
: reasonable and reasoned approach to things.  Say, aren't you the
: creationist guy who made a lot of silly statements about
: evolution some time ago?

: Duh, gee, then we must be talking Christian mythology now.  I
: was hoping to discuss something with a reasonable, logical
: person, but all you seem to have for your side is a repetition
: of the same boring mythology I've seen a thousand times before.
: I am deleting the rest of your remarks, unless I spot something
: that approaches an answer, because they are merely a repetition
: of some uninteresting doctrine or other and contain no thought
: at all.

: I have to congratulate you, though, Bill.  You wouldn't
: know a logical argument if it bit you on the balls.  Such
: a persistent lack of function in the face of repeated
: attempts to assist you in learning (which I have seen
: in this forum and others in the past) speaks of a talent
: that goes well beyond my own, meager abilities.  I just don't
: seem to have that capacity for ignoring outside influences.

: Dean Kaflowitz

Dean,

Re-read your comments, do you think that merely characterizing an
argument is the same as refuting it? Do you think that ad hominum
attacks are sufficient to make any point other than you disapproval of
me? Do you have any contribution to make at all?

Bill



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54245
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

Mark McCullough (mccullou@snake2.cs.wisc.edu) wrote:
: In article <30136@ursa.bear.com> halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
: >Atoms are not objective.  They aren't even real.  What scientists call
: >an atom is nothing more than a mathematical model that describes 
: >certain physical, observable properties of our surroundings.  All
: >of which is subjective.  
: >
: >-jim halat

: This deserves framing.  It really does.  "[Atoms] aren't even real."

: Tell me then, those atoms we have seen with electron microscopes are
: atoms now, so what are they?  Figments of our imaginations?  The
: evidence that atoms are real is overwhelming, but I won't bother with
: most evidence at the moment.

You would have us believe that what the eye perceives as images are
actaully there - as perceived? This may be interesting. I thought
that an electron microscope was used because no wavelength of "light"
can illuminate any "object" of atomic scale. If this image is to have
useful resolution, wouldn't the illuminating sources wavelength have
to be several orders of magnitude less than size of thing observed?

If an atom is a "probablity cloud", lower resolutions would give the
appearance of solidity, but it seems fairly certain that an atom is
not an object is any conventional sense. Obviously I am not a
physicist, but the question does have ramification of a philosophic
nature. Anyway, just a stray thought, carry on ...

Bill


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54246
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

Mike Cobb (cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu) wrote:

: Very true (length of time for discussions on creationism vs evolutionism). 
: Atheists and Christians have been debating since ?? and still debate with 
: unabated passion 8-).

Mike,

I've seen referrences to "Creation vs Evolution" several times in a.a
and I have question. Is either point of view derived from direct
observation; can either be scientific? I wonder if the whole
controversy is more concerned with the consequences of the "Truth"
rather than the truth itself. 
Both sides seem to hold to a philosophical outcome, and I can't help
wondering which came first. As I've pointed out elsewhere, my view of
human nature makes me believe that there is no way of knowing
anyhthing objectively - all knowledge is inherently subjective. So, in
the context of a.a, would you take a stand based on what you actually
know to be true or on what you want to be true and how can you tell
the difference?

Bill


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54247
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is

Kent Sandvik (sandvik@newton.apple.com) wrote:
: In article <C5Mw03.9qr@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>, bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu
: (Bill Conner) wrote:
: > I'd say that what one chooses to observe and how the observation is
: > interpreted and what significance it's given depends a great deal on
: > the values of the observer. Science is a human activity and as such,
: > is subject to the same potential for distortion as any other human
: > activity. The myth that scientists are above moral influence or
: > ethical concern, that their knowledge can be abstacted whole and pure
: > from nature untainted by the biases of the scientist, is nonsense.

: Bill, this is wonderfully phrased. I assume you understand that your
: statement is also undermining such human constructs as religion
: as well.


Kent,

I'll accept this as a compliment although I'm always a little paranoid
when visiting a.a, thanks. Yes I do know the extent of the statements
relevence, it's what I think of as human nature. I'm not sure it
undermines either religion or atheism since both claim special
knowledge about the Truth and since such claims are always suspect,
all we can learn from it is that humans are a very arrogant species.
My point is that we cannot ignore human nature when examining human
claims. The trick here then, is to find some way to abstract our
infinitely fallible nature from whatever reality is out there so we
can see what there is to see. I can think of no way this can be done.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54248
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: What's a shit shoveler to do? (was Re: Amusing atheists and)

Robert Beauchaine (bobbe@vice.ICO.TEK.COM) wrote:
: >

:   Precisely my position.  

:   As a newbie, I tried the point-by-point approach to debate with
:   these types.  It wasted both my time and my lifespan.  Ignoring
:   them is not an option, since they don't go away, and doing so
:   would leave one with large stretches of complete anonymity in this
:   group.

Bob,

I've posted here long enough to see your name a few times, but I
can't recall any point by point approach to anything you've
contributed. But I'm old (probably senile) and I may have just
forgotten, if you could post an example of your invincible logic, it
might jog my memory.

Bill

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54249
From: mcelwre@cnsvax.uwec.edu
Subject: FREE-ENERGY TECHNOLOGY

          
            
                            FREE-ENERGY TECHNOLOGY
                       by Robert E. McElwaine, Physicist
          
               Ninety to a hundred years ago, everybody "knew" that a 
          heavier-than-air machine could not possibly fly.  It would 
          violate the "laws" of physics.  All of the "experts" and 
          "authorities" said so. 
          
               For example, Simon Newcomb declared in 1901:  "The 
          demonstration that no possible combination of known 
          substances, known forms of machinery and known forms of 
          force, can be united in a practical machine by which man 
          shall fly long distances through the air, seems to the writer 
          as complete as it is possible for the demonstration of any 
          physical fact to be." 
          
               Fortunately, a few SMART people such as the Wright 
          Brothers did NOT accept such pronouncements as the final 
          word.  Now we take airplanes for granted, (except when they 
          crash). 
          
               Today, orthodox physicists and other "scientists" are 
          saying similar things against several kinds of 'Free Energy' 
          Technologies, using negative terms such as "pseudo-science" 
          and "perpetual motion", and citing so-called "laws" which 
          assert that "energy cannot be created or destroyed" ("1st law 
          of thermodynamics") and "there is always a decrease in useful 
          energy" ("2nd law of thermodynamics").  The physicists do not 
          know how to do certain things, so they ARROGANTLY declare 
          that those things cannot be done.  Such PRINCIPLES OF 
          IMPOTENCE are COMMON in orthodox modern "science" and help to 
          cover up INCONSISTENCIES and CONTRADICTIONS in orthodox 
          modern theories. 
          
               Free Energy Inventions are devices which can tap a 
          seemingly UNLIMITED supply of energy from the universe, with-
          OUT burning any kind of fuel, making them the PERFECT 
          SOLUTION to the world-wide energy crisis and its associated 
          pollution, degradation, and depletion of the environment. 
          
               Most Free Energy Devices probably do not create energy, 
          but rather tap into EXISTING natural energy sources by 
          various forms of induction.  UNLIKE solar or wind devices, 
          they need little or no energy storage capacity, because they 
          can tap as much energy as needed WHEN needed.  Solar energy 
          has the DIS-advantage that the sun is often blocked by 
          clouds, trees, buildings, or the earth itself, or is reduced 
          by haze or smog or by thick atmosphere at low altitudes and 
          high latitudes.  Likewise, wind speed is WIDELY VARIABLE and 
          often non-existent.  Neither solar nor wind power are 
          suitable to directly power cars and airplanes.  Properly 
          designed Free Energy Devices do NOT have such limitations. 
          
               For example, at least three U.S. patents (#3,811,058, 
          #3,879,622, and #4,151,431) have so far been awarded for 
          motors that run EXCLUSIVELY on permanent MAGNETS, seemingly 
          tapping into energy circulating through the earth's magnetic 
          field.  The first two require a feedback network in order to 
          be self-running.  The third one, as described in detail in 
          "Science & Mechanics" magazine, Spring 1980, ("Amazing 
          Magnet-Powered Motor", by Jorma Hyypia, pages 45-48, 114-117, 
          and front cover), requires critical sizes, shapes, 
          orientations, and spacings of magnets, but NO feedback.  Such 
          a motor could drive an electric generator or reversible 
          heatpump in one's home, YEAR ROUND, FOR FREE.  [Complete 
          descriptive copies of U.S. patents are $3.00 each from the 
          U.S. Patent Office, 2021 Jefferson Davis Hwy., Arlington, VA  
          22202; correct 7-digit patent number required.  Or try 
          getting copies of BOTH the article AND the Patents via your 
          local public or university library's inter-library loan 
          dept..] 
          
               A second type of free-energy device, such as the 'Gray 
          Motor' (U.S. Patent #3,890,548), the 'Tesla Coil', and the 
          motor of inventor Joseph Newman [see SCIENCE, 2-10-84, pages 
          571-2.], taps ELECTRO-MAGNETIC energy by INDUCTION from 
          'EARTH RESONANCE' (about 12 cycles per second plus 
          harmonics).  They typically have a 'SPARK GAP' in the circuit 
          which serves to SYNCHRONIZE the energy in the coils with the 
          energy being tapped.  It is important that the total 
          'inductance' and 'capacitance' of the Device combine to 
          'RESONATE' at the same frequency as 'EARTH RESONANCE' in 
          order to maximize the power output.  This output can also be 
          increased by centering the SPARK GAP at the 'NEUTRAL CENTER' 
          of a strong U-shaped permanent magnet.  In the case of a 
          Tesla Coil, slipping a 'TOROID CHOKE COIL' around the 
          secondary coil will enhance output power.  ["Earth Energy: 
          Fuelless Propulsion & Power Systems", by John Bigelow, 1976, 
          Health Research, P.O. Box 70, Mokelumne Hill, CA  95245.] 
          
               During the 1930's, an Austrian civil engineer named 
          Viktor Schauberger invented and partially developed an 
          'IMPLOSION TURBINE' (German name, 'ZOKWENDLE'), after 
          analyzing erosion, and lack of erosion, in differently shaped 
          waterways, and developing sophisticated mathematical 
          equations to explain it.  As described in the book "A 
          Breakthrough to New Free-Energy Sources", by Dan A. Davidson, 
          1977, water is pumped by an IMPELLER pump through a 
          LOGARITHMIC-SPIRAL-shaped coil of tubing until it reaches a 
          CRITICAL VELOCITY.  The water then IMPLODES, no longer 
          touching the inside walls of the tubing, and drives the pump, 
          which then converts the pump's motor into an ELECTRIC 
          GENERATOR.  The device seems to be tapping energy from that 
          of the earth's rotation, via the 'Coriolis effect', LIKE A 
          TORNADO.  [ It can also NEUTRALIZE GRAVITY! ] 
          
               A fourth type of Free Energy Device is the 'McClintock 
          Air Motor' (U.S. Patent #2,982,261), which is a cross between 
          a diesel engine (it has three cylinders with a compression 
          ratio of 27 to 1) and a rotary engine (with solar and 
          planetary gears).  It burns NO FUEL, but becomes self-running 
          by driving its own air compressor.  This engine also 
          generates a lot of heat, which could be used to heat 
          buildings; and its very HIGH TORQUE makes it ideal for large 
          trucks, preventing their slowing down when climbing hills.  
          [David McClintock is also the REAL original Inventor of the 
          automatic transmission, differential, and 4-wheel drive.] 
          
               Crystals may someday be used to supply energy, as shown 
          in the Star Trek shows, perhaps by inserting each one between 
          metal capacitor plates and bombarding it with a beam of 
          particles from a small radioactive source like that used in a 
          common household smoke detector. 
          
               One other energy source should be mentioned here, 
          despite the fact that it does not fit the definition of Free 
          Energy.  A Bulgarian-born American Physicist named Joseph 
          Maglich has invented and partially developed an atomic FUSION 
          reactor which he calls 'Migma', which uses NON-radioactive 
          deuterium as a fuel [available in nearly UNLIMITED quantities 
          from sea water], does NOT produce radioactive waste, can be 
          converted DIRECTLY into electricity (with-OUT energy-wasting 
          steam turbines), and can be constructed small enough to power 
          a house or large enough to power a city.  And UNLIKE the 
          "Tokamaks" and laser fusion MONSTROSITIES that we read about, 
          Migma WORKS, already producing at least three watts of power 
          for every watt put in.  ["New Times" (U.S. version), 6-26-78, 
          pages 32-40.] 
          
               And then there are the 'cold fusion' experiments that 
          have been in the news lately, originally conducted by 
          University of Utah researchers B. Stanley Pons and Martin 
          Fleischmann.  Some U.S. Navy researchers at the China Lake 
          Naval Weapons Center in California, under the direction of 
          chemist Melvin Miles, finally took the trouble to collect the 
          bubbles coming from such an apparatus, had them analyzed with 
          mass-spectrometry techniques, and found HELIUM 4, which 
          PROVES that atomic FUSION did indeed take place, and enough 
          of it to explain the excess heat generated. 
          
               There are GOOD INDICATIONS that the two so-called "laws" 
          of thermodynamics are NOT so "absolute".  For example, the 
          late Physicist Dewey B. Larson developed a comprehensive 
          GENERAL UNIFIED Theory of the physical universe, which he 
          calls the 'Reciprocal System', (which he describes in detail 
          in several books such as "Nothing But Motion" (1979) and "The 
          Universe of Motion" (1984)), in which the physical universe 
          has TWO DISTINCT HALVES, the material half and an anti-matter 
          half, with a CONTINUOUS CYCLE of matter and energy passing 
          between them, with-OUT the "heat death" predicted by 
          thermodynamic "laws".  His Theory explains the universe MUCH 
          BETTER than modern orthodox theories, including phenomena 
          that orthodox physicists and astronomers are still scratching 
          their heads about, and is SELF-CONSISTENT in every way.  Some 
          Free Energy Devices might be tapping into that energy flow, 
          seemingly converting "low-quality energy" into "high-quality 
          energy". 
          
               Also, certain religious organizations such as 'Sant Mat' 
          and 'Eckankar' teach their Members that the physical universe 
          is only the LOWEST of at least a DOZEN major levels of 
          existence, like parallel universes, or analogous to TV 
          channels, as described in books like "The Path of the 
          Masters", by Dr. Julian Johnson, 1939, and "Eckankar: The Key 
          to Secret Worlds", by Sri Paul Twitchell, 1969.  For example, 
          the next level up from the physical universe is commonly 
          called the 'Astral Plane'.  Long-time Members of these groups 
          have learned to 'Soul Travel' into these higher worlds and 
          report on conditions there.  It seems plausible that energy 
          could flow down from these higher levels into the physical 
          universe, or be created at the boundary between them, given 
          the right configuration of matter to channel it.  This is 
          supported by many successful laboratory-controlled 
          experiments in PSYCHO-KINESIS throughout the world, such as 
          those described in the book "Psychic Discoveries Behind the 
          Iron Curtain". 
          
               In terms of economics, the market has FAILED.  Inventors 
          do not have enough money and other resources to fully develop 
          and mass-produce Free Energy Equipment, and the conventional 
          energy producer$ have no desire to do so because of their 
          VE$TED INTERE$T$.  The government is needed to intervene.  If 
          the government does not intervene, then the total supply of 
          energy resources from the earth will continue to decline and 
          will soon run out, prices for energy will increase, and 
          pollution and its harmful effects (including the 'GREENHOUSE 
          EFFECT', acid rain, smog, radioactive contamination, oil 
          spills, rape of the land by strip mining, etc.) will continue 
          to increase. 
          
               The government should SUBSIDIZE research and development 
          of Free Energy by Inventors and universities, subsidize 
          private production (until the producers can make it on their 
          own), and subsidize consumption by low-income consumers of 
          Free Energy Hardware. 
          
               The long-range effects of such government intervention 
          would be wide-spread and profound.  The quantity of energy 
          demanded from conventional energy producer$ (coal mining 
          companie$, oil companie$ and countries, electric utilitie$, 
          etc.) would drop to near zero, forcing their employees to 
          seek work elsewhere.  Energy resources (coal, uranium, oil, 
          and gas) would be left in the ground.  Prices for 
          conventional energy supplies would also drop to near zero, 
          while the price of Free Energy Equipment would start out high 
          but drop as supply increases (as happened with VCR's, 
          personal computers, etc.).  Costs of producing products that 
          require large quantities of energy to produce would decrease, 
          along with their prices to consumers.  Consumers would be 
          able to realize the "opportunity costs" of paying electric 
          utility bills or buying home heating fuel.  Tourism would 
          benefit and increase because travelers would not have to 
          spend their money for gasoline for their cars.  Government 
          tax revenue from gasoline and other fuels would have to be 
          obtained in some other way.  AND ENERGY COULD NO LONGER BE 
          USED AS A MOTIVE OR EXCUSE FOR MAKING WAR. 
          
               Many conventional energy producer$ would go out of 
          business, but society as a whole, and the earth's environment 
          and ecosystems, would benefit greatly.  It is the People, 
          that government should serve, rather than the big 
          corporation$ and bank$. 
          

               For more information, answers to your questions, etc., 
          please consult my CITED SOURCES (patents, articles, books). 

          
               UN-altered REPRODUCTION and DISSEMINATION of this 
          IMPORTANT Information is ENCOURAGED. 


                                   Robert E. McElwaine
                                   B.S., Physics, UW-EC



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54250
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: Christian Morality is

Dan Schaertel,,, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) wrote:

> Let us go back , oh say 1000 years or so, whatever.  Pretend someone says to you
> someday there will be men on the moon.  (Now remember, you still think the
> world is flat).  This is quite an extraordinary claim.

I think C.S. Lewis has argued that medieval people did not all think the
world is flat.

However, this argument goes both ways. Pretend someone telling Plato that
it is highly probable that people do not really have souls; their minds
and their consciousness are just something their brains make up, and
their brains (their body) is actually ahead of their mind even in 
voluntarly actions. I don't think Plato would have been happy with this,
and neither would Paul, although Paul's ideas were quite different.
However, if you would _read_ what we discuss in this group, and not
just preach, you would see that there currently is much evidence in
favour of these statements.

The same applies to the theory of natural selection, or other sacred
cows of Christianity on our origins and human nature. I don't believe
in spirits, devils or immortal souls any more than in gods.

> The fact is we can argue the existence of God until the end of time, there really is no
> way to either prove or disprove it, but there will be a time when we all know the truth.  
> I hope and believe I'm right and I hope and pray that you find your way too. 

Ah, you said it. You believe what you want to. This is what I had assumed
all along. 

> OK maybe I shouldn't have said "no way".   I guess I really believe there is
> a way.  But all I can do is plant seeds.  Either they grow or they don't. 

You might be as well planting Satan's seeds, ever thought of this?
Besides, you haven't yet explained why we must believe so blindly,
without any guiding light at all (at least I haven't noticed it).
I don't think this is at all fair play on god's part. 

Your argument sounds like a version of Pascal's Wager. Please read the
FAQ, this fallacy is discussed there.

> But
> they won't if they're not planted.  The Holy Spirit is the nurishment that
> helps them grow and that comes from God.

And I failed to get help from the HS because I had a wrong attitude?
Sorry, Dan, but I do not think this spirit exists. People who claim to have
access to it just look badly deluded, not gifted. 

Petri


--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54251
From: madhaus@netcom.com (Maddi Hausmann)
Subject: Re: free moral agency

bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes: >

>I see that you still can't grasp the obvious, is it because your are devious
>by nature, or can you only find fault with an argument by
>misrepresenting it?

Gee, since you ignored the entire substance of my substantial
post, you got a lot of nerve claiming that I don't understand
what's being talked about.

Respond to the previous post or shut the fuck up.  You're
really annoying.


-- 
Maddi Hausmann                       madhaus@netcom.com
Centigram Communications Corp        San Jose California  408/428-3553

Kids, please don't try this at home.  Remember, I post professionally.


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54253
From: kmr4@po.CWRU.edu (Keith M. Ryan)
Subject: Re: FREE-ENERGY TECHNOLOGY

In article <1993Apr22.195256.6376@cnsvax.uwec.edu> mcelwre@cnsvax.uwec.edu writes:
>               Free Energy Inventions are devices which can tap a 
>          seemingly UNLIMITED supply of energy from the universe, with-
>          OUT burning any kind of fuel, making them the PERFECT 
>          SOLUTION to the world-wide energy crisis and its associated 
>          pollution, degradation, and depletion of the environment. 

	Give me a call when you build a working model. 

	Then we'll talk stock options.
---

Private note to Jennifer Fakult.

        "This post may contain one or more of the following:
         sarcasm, cycnicism, irony, or humor. Please be aware 
         of this possibility and do not allow yourself to be 
         confused and/or thrown for a loop. If in doubt, assume
         all of the above.
         
         The owners of this account do not take any responsiblity
         for your own confusion which may result from your inability
         to recognize any of the above. Read at your own risk, Jennifer."



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54254
From: jmunch@hertz.elee.calpoly.edu (John Munch)
Subject: Re: The Qur'an and atheists (was Re: Jewish Settlers Demolish a Mosque in Gaza)

In article <1993Apr26.070405.3615@doug.cae.wisc.edu> kahraman@hprisc-30.cae.wisc.edu (Gokalp Kahraman) writes:
>In this respect, since atheists are dominantly arrogant and claim 
>self-control and self-ownership, they would make pharoahs 
>look like very humble, decent people in comparison!  If the logic is this:
>"since I own myself, others who are like me should also own themselves, and
>going further, things are self-existent and self-standing, and self-living,
>etc." 

Yes, atheists tend to claim self control and self ownership. Are you saying
that theists claim to not have self control? I don't think atheists are
"dominantly arrogant." They don't claim some god that has supremacy over
all of mankind. Now this claim would be arrogant, but atheists don't claim 
it. Most atheists do claim to own themselves. I think any disagreement with
this claim of self ownership would be supremely arrogant.


/---- John David Munch ------------------ jmunch@hertz.elee.calpoly.edu ----\
|...." the heart can change, be full of hate, or love. If people are allowed|
|to base their lives through their hearts, anything can happen. A dangerous |
|situation, in my opinion." -Bobby Mozumder describing problems with atheism|

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54255
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: Cults Vs. Religions?

To the media, "religion" and "cult" have about the same relative
connotations as "government" and "terrorist group".

-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54256
From: salem@pangea.Stanford.EDU (Bruce Salem)
Subject: Re: Science and theories

In article <C5u7Bq.J43@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>As per various threads on science and creationism, I've started dabbling into a
>book called Christianity and the Nature of Science by JP Moreland. 

	As I don't know this book, I will use your heresay.

> A question
>that I had come from one of his comments.  He stated that God is not 
>necessarily a religious term, but could be used as other scientific terms that
>give explanation for events or theories, without being a proven scientific 
>fact.

	It depends on how he defines God. The way I understand the meaning
of that term preclues it being used in a useful way in science. Ideas drawn
from an understanding that God is supernatural precludes us from forming
scientific assertions that can be falsified, that is, where we can decide
that they are true or false within the terms of we use and useful observations
drawn from them.

	Some religionists have an interest in bluring the definitions within
science to make them more reconcilable, and especially subserviant in a basic
way, to religious dogma. This pursuit always fails.

>  I think I got his point -- I can quote the section if I'm being vague. 
>The examples he gave were quarks and continental plates.  Are there 
>explanations of science or parts of theories that are not measurable in and of
>themselves, or can everything be quantified, measured, tested, etc.?  

	Reconciliation of science with religion involves circumventing the
tendancy to claim that either pursuit can gain absolute or certian knowledge,
or that the domain of truth in each is fundementally limited in some way. It
gererally confurs the element of uncertainty and limitations to human knowledge
while allowing for the different concerns of these separate pursuits. Science
and religion ask different questions which have imperfect and provisional
answers, at best. Science is distinctly limited in where it can ask meaningful
questions. More questions can be posed than it can answer. At the basis of
sacred language is the place where words fail us and mere assertions disolve
in contradiction.

Bruce Salem



Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54257
From: mangoe@cs.umd.edu (Charley Wingate)
Subject: Re: A Little Too Satanic

Jon Livesey writes:

>So when they took the time to *copy* *the* *text* correctly, that includes
>"obvious corruptions?"

Well, yes.  This is the real mystery of the matter, and why I am rather
dubious of a lot of the source theories.

There are a number of places where the Masoretic Text (MT) of the OT is
obscure and presumably corrupted.  These are reproduced exactly from copy to
copy.  The DSS tend to reflect the same "errors".  This would appear to tell
us that, at least from some point, people began to copy the texts very
exactingly and mechanically.  The problem is, we don't know what they did
before that.  But it seems as though accurate transmission begins at the
point at which the texts are perceived as texts.  They may be added to (and
in some situations, such as the end of Mark, material is lost), but for the
most part there are no substantial changes to the existing text.

You're basically trying to make a mountain out of a molehill.  Some people
like to use the game of "telephone" as a metaphor for the transmission of
the texts.  This clearly wrong.  The texts are transmitted accurately.
-- 
C. Wingate        + "The peace of God, it is no peace,
                  +    but strife closed in the sod.
mangoe@cs.umd.edu +  Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing:
tove!mangoe       +    the marv'lous peace of God."

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54258
From: Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen)
Subject: Albert Sabin



BR> From: wpr@atlanta.dg.com (Bill Rawlins)
BR> Newsgroups: alt.atheism
BR> Organization: DGSID, Atlanta, GA

BR>        Since you have referred to the Messiah, I assume you
BR> are referring         to the New Testament.  Please detail
BR> your complaints or e-mail if         you don't want to post.
BR>  First-century Greek is well-known and        
BR> well-understood.  Have you considered Josephus, the Jewish
BR> Historian,         who also wrote of Jesus?  In addition,
BR> the four gospel accounts		 are very much in harmony.

It is also well known that the comments in Josephus relating to Jesus were
inserted (badly) by later editors.  As for the four gospels being in harmony
on the issue of Jesus...  You know not of what you speak.  Here are a few
contradictions starting with the trial and continuing through the assension.

>The death of Judas after the betrayal of Jesus

Acts 1:18: "Now this man (Judas) purchased a field with the reward of 
iniquity; and falling headlong, he burst asunder in the midst, and all his 
bowels gushed out."

Matt. 27:5-7: "And he (Judas) cast down the pieces of silver in the temple, 
and departed, and went and hanged himself.  And the chief priests...bought 
with them the potter's field."

>What was Jesus' prediction regarding Peter's denial?

Before the cock crow - Matthew 26:34

Before the cock crow twice - Mark 14:30

>How many times did the cock crow?

MAR 14:72  And the second time the cock crew. And Peter called to mind  the 
word  that  Jesus  said unto him, Before the cock crow twice, thou shalt deny
me thrice. And when he thought thereon, he wept.

MAT 26:74  Then began he to curse and to swear,  saying,  I  know not the man.
And immediately the cock crew.
MAT 26:75  And Peter remembered the word  of  Jesus,  which  said unto him,
Before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice. And he went out, and wept
bitterly.

LUK 22:60  And Peter said, Man, I know not what thou sayest.  And immediately,
while he yet spake, the cock crew.
LUK 22:61  And the Lord turned, and looked upon Peter. And  Peter remembered
the word of the Lord, how he had said unto him, Before the cock crow, thou
shalt deny me thrice.

JOH 13:38  Jesus answered him, Wilt thou lay down thy life for my sake? 
Verily,
 verily, I say unto thee, The cock shall not crow, still thou hast denied me
thrice.

JOH 18:27  Peter then denied  again:  and  immediately  the  cock crew.

>destruction of cities (what said was jeremiah was zechariah)

(This is interesting because Matthew quotes a prophesy that was never made! 
Not the only time he does this either...)

MAT 27:9  Then was fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy  the prophet, 
saying,  And they took the thirty pieces of silver, the price of him that was
valued, whom they of the children of Israel did value;

zechariah 11:11-13
(nothing in Jeremiah remotely like)

What was the color of the robe placed on Jesus during his trial?

scarlet - Matthew 27:28

purple John 19:2

>The time of the Crucifiction

Mark says the third hour, or 9 a.m., but John says the sixth hour (noon) was
when the sentence was passed.

>Inscription on the Cross

Matthew  --  This is Jesus the king of the Jews
Mark	 --  The King of the Jews
Luke	 --  This is the king of the Jews
John	 --  Jesus of Nazareth the king of the Jews

>What did they give him to drink?

vinegar - Matthew 27:34

wine with myrrh - Mark 15:23

>Women at the Cross

Matthew said many stood far off, including Mary Magdaline, Mary the mother of
James, and the mother of Zebedee's children.  Mark and Luke speak of many far
off, and Mark includes Mary Magdeline and Mary the mother of James the less.
John says that Jesus's mother stood at the cross, along with her sister and
Mary Magdalene.

>Jesus' last words 

Matt.27:46,50: "And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, 
saying, "Eli, eli, lama sabachthani?" that is to say, "My God, my God, why
hast thou forsaken me?"  ...Jesus, when he cried again with a loud voice,
yielded u the ghost."

Luke23:46: "And when Jesus had cried with a loud voice, he said, "Father, unto
 thy hands I commend my spirit:" and having said thus, he gave up the ghost."

John19:30: "When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, "It is 
finished:" and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost."

>Events of the crucifiction

Matthew says that the veil of the temple was rent, that there was an
earthquake, and that it was dark from the sixth to the ninth hour, that graves
opened and bodies of the saints arose and went into Jeruselem, appearing to
many (beating Jesus to the resurection). Mark and Luke speak of darkness and
the veil of the temple being rent but mention no earthquake or risen saints. 
John is the only one who mentions Jesus's side being peirced.

>Burial of Jesus

Matthew says the Jews asked Pilate for a guard to prevent the body from being
stolen by the disciples, and for the tomb to be sealed. All of this was
supposedly done, but the other gospels do not mention these precautions.

>How long was Jesus in the tomb?
Depends where you look; Matthew 12:40 gives Jesus prophesying that he will
spend "three days and three nights in the heart of the earth", and Mark 10:34
has "after three days (meta treis emeras) he will rise again". As far as I can
see from a quick look, the prophecies have "after three days", but the
post-resurrection narratives have "on the third day".

>Time of the Resurection

Matthew says Sunday at dawn, Mark says the sun was rising, and John says it
was dark.

> Who was at the Empty Tomb?  Is it :

MAT 28:1  In the end of the sabbath, as it began to  dawn  toward the first
day of the week, came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the sepulchre.

MAR 16:1  And when the sabbath was past, Mary Magdalene, and Mary the  mother 
of  James, and Salome, had bought sweet spices, that they might come and
anoint him.

JOH 20:1  The first day of the week cometh Mary Magdalene  early, when  it 
was  yet  dark, unto the sepulchre, and seeth the stone taken away from the
sepulchre.

>Whom did they see at the tomb?

MAT 28:2  And, behold, there was  a  great  earthquake:  for  the angel of the
Lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the door,
and sat upon it.
MAT 28:3  His countenance was like  lightning,  and  his  raiment white as
snow: MAT 28:4  And for fear of him the keepers did shake,  and  became as
dead men. MAT 28:5  And the angel answered and said unto  the  women,  Fear
not ye: for I know that ye seek Jesus, which was crucified.

MAR 16:5  And entering into the sepulchre, they saw a  young  man sitting  on 
the right side, clothed in a long white garment; and they were affrighted.

LUK 24:4  And it came  to  pass,  as  they  were  much  perplexed thereabout,
behold, two men stood by them in shining garments:

JOH 20:12  And seeth two angels in white sitting, the one at  the head,  and 
the  other  at  the feet, where the body of Jesus had lain.

>Belief that the disciples stole Jesus's body

Matthew says the guard was paid to tell this story, but no other gospel makes
this claim.

>Appearences of the risen Jesus

Matthew says an angel at the tomb told the two Marys and that Jesus also told
them, to tell the disciples to meet him in Galilee.  The disciples then went
to a mountain previously agreed opon, and met Jesus there.  This was his only
appearance, except to the women at the tomb.  Matthew only devotes five verses
to the visit with the disciples.

Mark says that Jesus walked with two of the disciples in the country, and that
they told the rest of the disciples, who refused to believe.  Later he
appeared to the 11 disciples at mealtime.

Luke says two followers went, the same day that Jesus rose from the dead, to
Emmaus, a village eight miles from Jeruselem, and there Jesus jioned them but
was unrecognised.  While they ate a meal together that evening, they finally
recognised Jesus, whereopon he dissapeared.  Returning at once to Jeruselem,
they told the
disciples of their experience, and suddenly Jesus appeared among them,
frightening them, as they thought he was a spirit.  Jesus then ate some fish
and honey and then preached to them.

John says Jesus appeared to the disciples the evening of the day he arrose, in
Jeruselem, where they were hiding.  He breathed the Holy Ghost opon them, but
Thomas was not present and refused to believe. Eight days later Jesus joined
the disciples again at the same place and this time he convinced Thomas.	Once
more Jesus made an
appearance to the disciples at the sea of Tiberias but again was not
recognised.
 After telling them to cast their netson the other side of the boat, Jesus
becomes known to them and prepares bread and fish for them.  They all eat
together and converse.

The book of acts further adds to the confusion.  It says that Jesus showed
himself to the apostles for a period of 40 days after his resurection (thus
contradicting Matthew, Mark, Luke AND John) and spoke to them of things
pertaining to the kingdom of God: "And when he had spoken these things, while
they beheld, he was taken up; and a cloud recieved him out of their sight. 
And while they looked steadfastly toward heaven as he went up, two men stood
by them in white apparel: Which also said, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye
gazing into heaven? This same Jesus, which is taken from you into heaven,
shall so comein like manneras ye have seen him go into heaven" Acts 1:3-11

Paul outdoes every other "authority" by saying that Jesus was seen by 500
persons between the time of the resurection and the
assension, although he does not say where.	He also claims that he himself "as
one born out of due time" also saw Jesus. 1 Cor 15:6-8.

>The Ascension

Matthew says nothing about it.	Mark casually says that Jesus was recieved into
heaven after he was finished talking with the
disciples in Jeruselem.  Luke says Jesus led the desciples to Bethany and that
while he blessed them, he was parted from them and carried up into heaven. 
John says nothing about it.  Acts
contradicts all of the above.  (See previous section)

>When second coming?

MAT 24:34  Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass, till all
these things be fulfilled.

MAR 13:30  Verily I say unto you, that this generation shall  not pass, till
all these things be done.

LUK 21:32  Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not  pass away, till
all be fulfilled.

1 thessalonians 4:15-18

>How many apostles were in office between the resurection and ascention 
1 Corinthians 15:5 (12)
Matthew 27:3-5 (minus one from 12)
Acts 1:9-26 (Mathias not elected until after resurrection)
MAT 28:16  Then the eleven disciples went away into Galilee, into a mountain
where Jesus had appointed them.

> ascend to heaven
	"And Elijah went up by a whirlwind into heaven." (2 Kings 2:11)

	"No man hath ascended up to heaven but he that came down from heaven, 	...
the Son of Man." (John 3:13)

As you can see, there are a number of contradictions in the account of the
trial, crucifiction and resurection of Jesus.  If these are good witnesses,
you would think that they could get SOME of these important details right! 
(In fact, I cannot find very many points on where they AGREE.  You would think
that they could at least agree on some of the points they were supposedly
observing!) Because of the fact that there is so much contradiction and error,
the story of the resurection as presented cannot be taken as literal truth.
(Due to the nature of the story, I doubt if it should be taken as ANY sort of
truth.)

                   Alan


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54259
From: Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen)
Subject: Albert Sabin


BR> From: wpr@atlanta.dg.com (Bill Rawlins)
BR> Newsgroups: alt.atheism
BR> Organization: DGSID, Atlanta, GA

BR>         The problem is that most scientists exclude the
BR> possibility of the         supernatural in the question of
BR> origins.  Is this is a fair premise?         I utterly
BR> reject the hypothesis that science is the highest form of   
BR>      truth.

It is better than the crap that the creationists put out.  So far all they
have been able to manage is distortions and half-truths. (When they are not
taking quotes out of context...)

BR>         Some of these so-called human-like creatures were
BR> apes.  Some were         humans.  Some were fancifully
BR> reconstructed from fragments. 

The genetic code has shown more about how man is realted to primates that the
fossil record.  (A little detail the creationists try and ignore.)

BR>            Good deeds do not justify a person in God's
BR> sight.            An atonement (Jesus) is needed to atone
BR> for sin.

Who says?  Your Bible(tm)?	I would be surprised if *ANY* Christian followed
all of the rules in the Bible.  (Most of them just pick and choose, according
to the local biases.)

BR>      My point: God is the creator.  Look's like we agree.

Where is your proof?  How do you know it was *YOUR* God?

BR>      I'll send you some info via e-mail.
BR>      Regards, Bill.

Why not post them?	I would be interested in seeing them myself.

                   Alan


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54260
From: Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen)
Subject: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is


MC> Theory of Creationism: MY theistic view of the theory of
MC> creationism, (there  are many others) is stated in Genesis
MC> 1.  In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.

And which order of Creation do you accept?	The story of creation is one of the
many places in the Bible where the Story contradicts itself.  The following is
an example...

GEN 1:25  And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle 
after  their kind, and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after his
kind: and God saw that it was good.
GEN 1:26  And God said, Let us make man in our image,  after  our likeness: 
and  let  them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of
the air, and over the cattle, and  over  all the  earth,  and over every
creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.

GEN 2:18  And the LORD God said, It is  not  good  that  the  man should be
alone; I will make him an help meet for him.
GEN 2:19  And out of the ground the LORD God formed  every  beast of  the 
field,  and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto Adam to see what he
would call them: and whatsoever  Adam  called every living creature, that was
the name thereof.

Even your Bible cannot agree on how things were created.  Why should we
believe in it?

                   Alan


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54261
From: Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org (Alan Olsen)
Subject: some thoughts.


rh> From: house@helios.usq.EDU.AU (ron house)
rh> Newsgroups: alt.atheism
rh> Organization: University of Southern Queensland

rh> bissda@saturn.wwc.edu (DAN LAWRENCE BISSELL) writes:

>	First I want to start right out and say that I'm a Christian.  It 

rh> I _know_ I shouldn't get involved, but...   :-)

rh> [bit deleted]

>	The book says that Jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy ( a 
>modern day Koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.
[rest of rant deleted]

This is a standard argument for fundies.  Can you spot the falicy? The
statement is arguing from the assumption that Jesus actually existed.  So far,
they have not been able to offer real proof of that existance.  Most of them
try it using the (very) flawed writings of Josh McDowell and others to prove
it, but those writers use VERY flawed sources.  (If they are real sources at
all, some are not.)  When will they ever learn to do real research, instead of
believing the drivel sold in the Christian bookstores.

rh> Righto, DAN, try this one with your Cornflakes...

rh> The book says that Muhammad was either a liar, or he was
rh> crazy ( a  modern day Mad Mahdi) or he was actually who he
rh> said he was. Some reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as
rh> follows.  Who would  die for a lie?  Wouldn't people be able
rh> to tell if he was a liar?  People  gathered around him and
rh> kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing  how his
rh> son-in-law made the sun stand still.  Call me a fool, but I
rh> believe  he did make the sun stand still.  
rh> Niether was he a lunatic.  Would more than an entire nation
rh> be drawn  to someone who was crazy.  Very doubtful, in fact
rh> rediculous.  For example  anyone who is drawn to the Mad
rh> Mahdi is obviously a fool, logical people see  this right
rh> away.
rh> Therefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have
rh> been the  real thing.  

Nice rebutal!

                   Alan


Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54262
From: jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu (James Thomas Green)
Subject: Re: "So help you God" in court?

bobbe@vice (Robert Beauchaine;6086;59-323;LP=A;YAyG) Pontificated: 
>
>  I guess I don't understand the problem.  I've never had any
>  problem swearing and using the name of "god" in the same sentence.
>  Comes quite naturally, as a matter of facxt.
>

I would guess that you either mean that you don't have a problem
swearing aligance to a non-existant being or that you are being
deliberatily dense (considering what group this is).  

It doesn't come "quite naturally" to nonbelievers such as myself
or even to followers of other religions.  Would you say it would
be quite natural if you were forced to swear by "Allah" or
"Budda"?  



/~~~(-: James T. Green :-)~~~~(-: jgreen@oboe.calpoly.edu :-)~~~\ 
|  "At all times and in all nations,                            |
|     the priest has been hostile to liberty."                  |
|                               <Thomas Jefferson>              |

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54468
From: mayne@pipe.cs.fsu.edu (William Mayne)
Subject: Re: Alleged Deathbed Conversions (was: Asimov stamp)

In article <sheafferC63zt0.Brs@netcom.com> sheaffer@netcom.com (Robert Sheaffer) writes:
>
>It had to happen: the old allegation of the "deathbed conversion" of the
>noted unbeliever... [other examples]
>What all of these "deathbed conversion"
>claims have in common is that they are utterly unsubstantiated, and
>almost certainly untrue.

I would not be too quick to say that they are almost certainly untrue.
Even strong minded people may fall back on childhood indoctrination,
grasp at straws, or do other strange things when faced with extreme
suffering, not to mention physiological problems which may lead to
diminished mental capacity.

At the risk of restarting an old argument and accusations of appeal to
authority I remind readers of what I posted a while back as a kind of
obituary for the late atheist Dr. Albert Sabin. In an old interview
rebroadcast on public radio just after his death he told about a time
a few years before when he was stricken with a very serious illness.
He admitted to having cried out to God while critically ill and on a
respirator. As it turned out he recovered and lived several more years.
After his recovery he attributed this to early indoctrination. Don't say
it couldn't happen to you, or that it hasn't happened to others, even if
you are one of the few people who have experienced things like this.
People are different. I admire Dr. Sabin for admitting his human weakness
in that instance. I would not think less of Asimov for similar weakness.

Nevertheless I agree that these reports are unsubstantiated and may
well be untrue. In any case they are not evidence for anything besides
the power of early indoctrination and human frailty.

Bill Mayne

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54470
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL!!!

In article <93108.020701TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu>
Andrew Newell <TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
 
>>In article <93106.155002JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu> <JSN104@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
>>>YOU BLASHEPHEMERS!!! YOU WILL ALL GO TO HELL FOR NOT BELIEVING IN GOD!!!!  BE
>>>PREPARED FOR YOUR ETERNAL DAMNATION!!!
>>
>>readers of the group.  How convenient that he doesn't have a real name...
>>Let's start up the letters to the sysadmin, shall we?
>
>His real name is Jeremy Scott Noonan.
>vmoper@psuvm.psu.edu should have at least some authority,
>or at least know who to email.
>
 
POSTMAST@PSUVM.BITNET respectively P_RFOWLES or P_WVERITY (the sys admins)
at the same node are probably a better idea than the operator.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54471
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: The Inimitable Rushdie (Re: An Anecdote about Islam

In article <115846@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>Certainly. It is a central aspect of Islam to show mercy and to give
>those who've done wrong (even presuming Rushdie _did_ violate Islamic
>Law) and committed crimes. This was the basis for my posts regarding
>leniency which seemed not to have penetrated Benedikt's skull.
 
You have demanded harsh punishments of several crimes. Repeating
offenders have slipped in only as justification of harsh punishment at
all. Typically religious doublespeak. Whenever you have contradictory
statements you choose the possibility that suits your current argument.
 
It is disgusting that someone with ideas that would make Theodore KKKaldis
feel cozy can go along under the protection of religion.
 
Gregg, tell us, would you kill idolaters?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54472
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Islam And Scientific Predictions (was Re: Genocide is Caused by Atheism)

In article <1993Apr17.122329.21438@monu6.cc.monash.edu.au>
darice@yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au (Fred Rice) writes:
 
>>>"AND IT IS HE (GOD ALMIGHTY) WHO CREATED THE NIGHT AND THE
>>>DAY, AND THE SUN AND THE EARTH:  ALL (THE CELETIAL BODIES)
>>>SWIM ALONG, EACH IN ITS ROUNDED COURSE."  (Holy Quran 21:33)
>
>>Hmm. This agrees with the Ptolemic system of the earth at the centre,
>>with the planets orbitting round it. So Copernicus and Gallileo were
>>wrong after all!
>
>You haven't read very carefully -- if you look again, you will see that
>it doesn't say anything about what is circling what.
>
 
Anyway, they are not moving in circles.  Nor is there any evidence that
everything goes around in a rounded course in a general sense. Wishy-
washy statements are not scientific.
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54473
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Wholly Babble (Was Re: free moral agency)

In article <2944159064.5.p00261@psilink.com>
"Robert Knowles" <p00261@psilink.com> writes:
 
(Deletion)
>Of course, there is also the
>Book of the SubGenius and that whole collection of writings as well.
 
 
Does someone know a FTP site with it?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54481
From: I3150101@dbstu1.rz.tu-bs.de (Benedikt Rosenau)
Subject: Re: Yet more Rushdie [Re: ISLAMIC LAW]

In article <116551@bu.edu>
jaeger@buphy.bu.edu (Gregg Jaeger) writes:
 
(Deletion)
>>That's was the original answer. While it does not say that he has the head
>>necessarily up its ass, it would be meaningless and pointless if it was not
>>insinuated.
>
>
>I don't see a header referring to Bob as the poster to whom I was
>responding. I distinctly remember thinking I was responding to you
>when I wrote this, in which case I would make no apologies. But
>in the event that I _was_ in fact responding to Bob, I hereby
>apologize to Bob for _insinuating_ such a thing. Sorry Bob.
>On the other hand, it could be that Ben has his head so far up
>his ass that he can't tell himself from Bob.
>
 
Sorry, Gregg, it was no answer to a post of mine. And you are quite
fond of using abusing language whenever you think your religion is
misrepresented. By the way, I have no trouble telling me apart from
Bob Beauchaine.
 
 
I still wait for your answer to that the Quran allows you to beat your wife
into submission. You were quite upset about the claim that it was in it,
to be more correct, you said it wasn't.
 
I asked you about what your consequences were in case it would be in the
Quran, but you have simply ceased to respond on that thread. Can it be
that you have found out in the meantime that it is the Holy Book?
 
What are your consequences now? Was your being upset just a show? Do you
simple inherit your morals from a Book, ie is it suddenly ok now? Is it
correct to say that the words of Muhammad reflect the primitive Machism
of his society? Or have you spent your time with your new gained freedom?
   Benedikt

Newsgroup: alt.atheism
Document_id: 54564
Subject: Re: Alleged Deathbed Conversions (was: Asimov stamp)
From: lippard@skyblu.ccit.arizona.edu (James J. Lippard)

In article <C6697n.33o@panix.com>, carlf@panix.com (Carl Fink) writes...
>In <sheafferC63zt0.Brs@netcom.com> sheaffer@netcom.com (Robert Sheaffer) writes:
> 
>[deletion]
>>It had to happen: the old allegation of the "deathbed conversion" of the
>>noted unbeliever. I seem to recall similar claims being made about
>>Voltaire, Mencken, Darwin, Ingersoll, etc. Indeed, the literary hoax
>>attributed to Nietzsche, "My Sister and I", portrays him as trembling
>>in fear before Divine Judgment (and it was recently re-issued by _Amok_
>>Books, with an introduction by a Lutheran professor telling us why we
>>should take it seriously!). What all of these "deathbed conversion"
>>claims have in common is that they are utterly unsubstantiated, and
>>almost certainly untrue.
> 
>  Perhaps the least believable and most infurating alleged conversion
>was that of Tom Paine, reported, like most, only by his devout
>relatives.
> 
>  Asimov was very unlikely to convert to Christianity on his deathbed.
>Return to Judaism, perhaps, if he did revert to childhood training,
>but Christianity?  The Good Doctor would more likely have converted to
>Hinduism.

"Isaac Asimov read creationist books.  He read the Bible.  He had ample
opportunity to kneel before his Creator and Savior.  He refused.  In
fact, he sent out a strong promotional letter urging support of the
American Humanist Association, shortly before he died."

   --excerpt from Ken Ham, "Asimov Meets His Creator," _Back to Genesis_
     No. 42, June 1992, p. c (included in _Acts & Facts_ vol. 21, no. 6,
     June 1992, from the Institute for Creation Research).  This is one
     of the most offensive articles they've ever published--but at least
     it argues *against* a deathbed conversion.  There's a part of the
     article even worse than what I've just quoted, in which an excerpt
     from a reader's letter says that if Asimov is burning in hell now,
     "then he certainly has had a 180-degree change in his former beliefs
     about creation and the Creator."  (A post-deathbed conversion.)

Jim Lippard              Lippard@CCIT.ARIZONA.EDU
Dept. of Philosophy      Lippard@ARIZVMS.BITNET
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53293
From: manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

hambidge@bms.com wrote:
: In article <C4psoG.C6@magpie.linknet.com>, manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:

: >: Rate := per capita rate.  The UK is more dangerous.
: >: Though you may be less likely to be killed by a handgun, the average
: >: individual citizen in the UK is twice as likely to be killed
: >: by whatever means as the average Swiss.  Would you feel any better
: >: about being killed by means other than a handgun? I wouldn't.
: 
: >What an absurd argument.  Switzerland is one-fifth the size of the
: >UK with one-eigth as many people therefore at any given point on
: >Swiss soil you are more likely to be crow bait.  More importantly,
: >you are 4x as likely to be killed by the next stranger approaching
: >you on a Swiss street than in the UK.

: You are betraying your lack of understanding about RATE versus TOTAL
: NUMBER. Rates are expressed, often, as #/100,000 population.
: Therefore, if a place had 10 deaths and a population of 100,000, the
: rate would be 10/100,000.  A place that had 50 deaths and a population
: of 1,000,000 would hav a rate of 5/100,000.  The former has a higher
: rate, the latter a higher total.  You are less likely to die in the
: latter.  Simple enuff?

For chrissakes, take out your calculator and work out the numbers.
Here... I've preformatted them for you to make it easier:

			handgun homicides/population
			----------------------------
	Switzerland :	24 /  6,350,000
	         UK :    8 / 55,670,000

... and then tell me again how Switzerland is safer with a more
liberal handgun law than the UK is without...by RATE or TOTAL NUMBER.
Your choice.
-- 
Stephen Manes					   manes@magpie.linknet.com
Manes and Associates				   New York, NY, USA  =o&>o


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53294
From: manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

Jim De Arras (jmd@cube.handheld.com) wrote:
: > Last year the US suffered almost 10,000 wrongful or accidental
: > deaths by handguns alone (FBI statistics).  In the same year, the UK
: > suffered 35 such deaths (Scotland Yard statistics).  The population
: > of the UK is about 1/5 that of the US (10,000 / (35 * 5)).  Weighted
: > for population, the US has 57x as many handgun-related deaths as the
: > UK.  And, no, the Brits don't make up for this by murdering 57x as
: > many people with baseball bats.

: You just can't compare this way!  All homicides must be shown, per capita, not  
: just handguns.  The availability of them in the USA makes them the preferred  
: murder weapon, but ban them, and some other weapon will step in as the  
: favorite.

As a "favorite", sure.  As lethal, not likely.  A study of violence in
Chicago produced this table:

		Percentage of Reported Gun and Knife Attacks
			    Resulting in Death
			    
	Weapon				Deaths As Percentage of Attacks
	---------------------------------------------------------------
	Knives (16,518 total attacks)		 2.4
	Guns (6,350 total attacks)		12.2

	Source: Firearms and Violence in American Life
	
It might be contended that if gun murderers were deprived of guns
that they would find a way to kill as often with knives.  If this were
so, knife attacks in cities where guns were widely used in homicide
would be expected to show a low fatality rate, and knife attacks in
cities where guns were not so widely used (like Vancouver) would show
a higher fatality rate.  But the Nat'l Commission on the Causes and
Prevention of Violence Task Force analyzed the data and found this
not to be the case.  It appeared to them that as the number of knife
attacks increased in relation to the number of firearms attacks
(which presumably happened where guns were less available to assailants),
the proportion of FATAL knife attacks did NOT increase relative to the
proportion of gun attacks.  In fact, the reverse was true.

What was found was that most homicides did not show a determination on
the part of the assailant to kill.  Fatalities caused by knife tended
to show a single-mindedness on the part of the assailant to do grave
physical injury: multiple stabs wounds, wounds concentrated about the
head neck and chest, etc.  Most gun homicides did not show this
pattern.  Rather, more fatal attacks were committed during a moment of
rage and not the focused intent to kill the victim.

	Source: Report on Firearms and Violence

: Then, since England != USA (my ancestors left because of the oppression) you  
: must compare England before strict gun laws to England after strict gun laws to  
: be able to draw any meaning at all.  England has essentially legalized drugs,  
: so there are no drug gangs battling for turf, etc., there.  If you drop out the  
: drug related killings here, the USA would look a whole lot more peaceful.

There are a lot of factors which make a difference.  Actually, I'm not
fond of making ANY kind of social parallels between Europeans and
Americans. There are more cultural, beahvioral and economic
differences between us than similarities.  I just sort of found
myself backed into that corner over the last couple of weeks.  I
don't think we could ever attain the low levels of European violent
crime here in the US, whether we banned guns or required every
law-abiding citizen to carry a loaded Uzi.

On the other hand, we can draw lessons from neighbors who are more
culturally similar, namely the Canadians.  In fact, an exhaustive,
seven-year study has already been done of the respective crime rates
of Vancouver, British Columbia and Seattle, Washington... cities
with roughly the same population, urban economy, geography
and crime but with decidedly different approaches to gun control.

In Seattle, handguns may be purchased legally for self-defense.  After
a 30-day waiting period, a permit can be obtained to carry a concealed
weapon.  The recreational use of handguns is minimally restricted.

In Vancouver, self-defense is not considered a valid or legal reason
to purchase a handgun.  Concealed weapons are not permitted.
Recreational uses of handguns (target shooting, collecting) are
regulated by the province.  Purchase of a handgun requires a
restricted-weapons permit.  A permit to carry may be obtained in
order to transport the weapon to licensed shooting clubs.  Handguns
transported by vehicle must be stored in the trunk in a locked box.
In short, gun control but not unreasonably so.

Both cities aggressively enforce their gun laws.  Convictions for
gun-related offenses carry similar penalties.  The researchers
studied all cases of robbery, assault (simple and aggravated),
burglary and homicides occurring in Seattle and Vancouver from
1/1/80 to 12/31/86. In defining the cases, they used the same
standard: the FBI's Unified Crime Report.

Results: during the seven-year study the annual rate of robbery in
Seattle was found to be only slightly higher than that in Vancouver
(1.09 / 1.11).  Burglaries occurred at nearly identical rates (.99).
18,925 assaults were recorded in Seattle versus 12,034 in
Vancouver.  The risk of being a victim of a simple assault in
Seattle was found to be only slightly higher than Vancouver (1.18 /
1.15) and the risk of aggravated assault was also slightly higher
(1.16 / 1.12).  However, when aggravated assaults were subdivided by
weapon and the mechanism of assault, a clear pattern emerged.
Although both cities reported nearly identical rates of aggravated
assault involving knives and other dangerous weapons, firearms were
far more likely to be used in Seattle.  In fact, 7.7 times as often.

Over the seven-year study, 388 homicides occurred in Seattle
(11.3 per 100,000) vs. 204 homicides in Vancouver (6.9 per 100,000).
After adjustment for differences in age and sex among the populations,
the relative risk of being a victim of homicide in Seattle, as
compared to Vancouver, was found to be 1.63.

When homicides were subdivided by the mechanism of death, the rate
of homicide by knives and other weapons (excluding firearms) in
Seattle was found to be almost identical to that in Vancouver.
Virtually ALL of the increased risk of death in Seattle was due to
a more than fivefold higher rate of homicide by firearms.  Handguns
accounted for roughly 85% of homicides involving firearms.  Handguns
were 4.8 times more likely to be used in homicides in Seattle than
in Vancouver.

The authors of the report also investigated "legally justifiable"
homicides (self-defense).  Only 32 such homicides occurred during
the seven-year study, 11 of which were committed by police.  Only
21 cases of civilians acting in self-defense occurrred: 17 in
Seattle and 4 in Vancouver.  Only 13 involved firearms.  After
excluding these cases, there was virtually no impact on these
earlier findings.

-------

This is, I feel, a very fair report.  One might even make the
argument that it is biased against Canada as a whole because
Vancouver reports annual rates of homicide two to three times
that of Ottawa, Calgary and Toronto while Seattle reports
annual homicide rates only half to two-thirds that of NYC,
Chicago, Los Angeles and Houston.

Critics of handgun control always argue that limited legal access
to handguns will have little effect on the rates of homicide because
persons intent on killing others will only try harder to acquire a
gun or will kill by other means.  This report shows differently.
If the rate of homicide in a community were influenced more by
the strength of intent than by the availability of weapons, we
could expect the rate of homicides by weapons other than guns to
be higher in Vancouver than in Seattle.  However, during the study
interval, Vancouver's rate of homicide by weapons other than guns
was not significantly higher than that in Seattle, suggesting that
few would-be assailants switched to homicide by other methods.

As well, ready access to handguns for self-defense by law-abiding
citizens was not endorsed in this report.  Although Seattle did
experience a higher rate of firearm death for self-defense, these
cases accounted for less than 4% of the homicides in both cities
during the course of the study period.  And, as was reported,
Seattle apparently didn't enjoy relief from any crime category
over Vancouver because citizens may legally arm themselves for
self-defense.

	Heavily quoted source: Handgun Regulation, Crime,
	Assaults, and Homicide: A Tale of Two Cities.

	John H. Sloan, Arthur L. Kellerman, Donald T. Reay,
	James A. Ferris, Thomas Koepsall, Frederick P. Rivara,
	Charles Rice, Laurel Gray and James LoGerfo
-- 
Stephen Manes					   manes@magpie.linknet.com
Manes and Associates				   New York, NY, USA  =o&>o


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53295
From: manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

Steve Kao (k@hprnd.rose.hp.com) wrote:
: Frank Crary posted:
: : Sure, but the difference in per-capita crime rates predates the
: : gun control laws: The homicide rate in England was a tenth that
: : of America, back when anyone in England could buy a gun without
: : any paperwork at all.

: Steve Manes asks:
: > Got a citation for this?

: Colin Greenwood from Scotland Yard did a study that showed that gun
: control has had no effect on crime or murder rates in the UK.  His book,
: _Firearms_Controls_, has been published in London by Keegan Paul (name
: may be misspelled).

Others dispute that, like Richard Hofstadter, <America As A Gun Culture>,
and Newton and Zimring's <Firearms and Violence in American Life>.  But,
again, statistics between too dissimilar cultures are difficult to
quantify.

I don't know how anyone can state that gun control could have NO
effect on homicide rates.  There were over 250 >accidental< handgun
homicides in America in 1990, most with licensed weapons.  More
American children accidentally shot other children last year (15)
than all the handgun homicides in Great Britain.  (Source: National
Safety Council.  Please... no dictionary arguments about RATES vs
TOTAL NUMBERS, okay?  They're offered for emphasis, not comparison).

If Mr. Greenwood believes that Brits are much too sober and
coordinated to make such mistakes I'd like to introduce him to my
friend, Amanda from Brighton.  I used to have some pretty nice
crystal in my place until she moved in.  I've gotten used to the
snide comments from guests about the clown motif on my rubber
wine glasses.

-- 
Stephen Manes					   manes@magpie.linknet.com
Manes and Associates				   New York, NY, USA  =o&>o


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53296
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Vancouver/Seattle Study Critiques


----------------------------------------------------------------------
Open letter by Dr. Paul H. Blackman, Research Coordinator for
NRA-ILA. NRA Official Journal 1/89.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear sir:

By now, we are used to the New England Journal of Medicine's publication
of small-scale studies related to firearms from which conclusions are
drawn which are quantum leaps from the data, followed by announcements of 
momentus "scientific" findings. These are regularly released to the press
without the caveats which riddle the conclusory paragraphs, and
often accompanied by an editorial calling attention to the findings.
Generally, while they at least present a few interesting data, however
meaningless, the studies misinterpret statistics, and ignore or belittle
serious studies by criminologists.

The latest effort -- "Handgun Regulations, Crime, Assaults, and Homicide:
A Tale of Two Cities," by J.H. Sloan, et al., with the accompanying 
editorial, "Firearms Injuries: A Call for Science," by two employees
of the Centers for Disease Control (November 10), however, is an insult
to the intelligence of any serious scholar in any field and have so few
data and so many flaws that I feel compelled to write at some length
to call attention to various major and minor failings, in no particular
order.

	1. The authors misleadingly cite Wright, et al. (Ref. 1) to 
	support the statement that "some have argued that restricting
	access to handguns could substantially reduce our annual rate
	of homicide." Wright, et al., in fact studied and rejected that
	contention.
	
	2. The authors pretended that Vancouver and Seattle are very
	similar cities with similar economic circumstances, histories,
	demographic characteristics, and the like. In fact, the cities
	are very different with very different demographic characteristics
	which appear to explain completely the higher homicide rate in
	Seattle. Both cities are over three-forths non-Hispanic white
	and *the non-Hispanic white homicide rates are reported to be
	the same in Seattle and Vancouver*. It is the different back-
	grounds, problems, circumstances, and behaviors of the various
	ethnic minorities which explain the difference in homicide.
	
	3. The authors pretend they are evaluating Canada's gun law,
	compared to Washington State's. But they do not examine at all
	the situation in Vancouver prior to the gun law taking effect
	in 1978. As it happens, in the three years prior to that (1975-
	1977), Vancouver averaged 23 homicides per year, one-eighth
	involving handguns, (Ref. 2) and in the seven years of the NEJM
	article there were 29 homicides per year, one-eigth involving
	handguns. Surely even the medical profession recognizes that
	one must look to see the prior situation was before concluding
	that a change made a difference? Would a physician conclude that
	a patient was benefiting from eating oat bran muffin each day
	for seven years because his cholesterol level was 200 without
	at least seeing if it was 180 before he started the regimen?
	
	4. The authors pick two medium-sized cities to evaluate a national
	gun law. Nothing can be learned from such a tiny and arbitrarily
	selected sample. Seattle appears to have been selected because
	it was convienient for the authors rather than for any scientific
	reason. Would physicians call something a scientific study which
	involved one experimental subject and one dissimilar "control"?
	Had different arbitrarily selected cities been chosen, opposite
	"scientific" conclusions would follow: Vancouver's homicide
	rate *exceeds* that of such "wild west" cities in Texas as
	El Paso, Corpus Christi, Austen, and, in Colorado, Colorado
	Springs. (Ref. 3)
	
	5. The authors fail to clearly demonstrate that firearms or
	handguns "are far more commonly owned in Seattle than in
	Vancouver." They use two surrogate approaches in pretending
	to study the availability of firearms/handguns. The first is
	an apples-and-oranges effort to compare the number of carry
	permits in Seattle to the number of registered handguns in
	Vancouver. But the number clearly understates the number of
	handguns in Seattle, and counts primarily *protective* handgun
	owners. The second, however, tells nothing about the number
	of handguns in Vancouver, and counts *non-protective* handguns
	for the most part. Where is it difficult to obtain handguns
	legally for protection, registration figures are
	meaningless. There are 66,000 registered handguns in New York
	City (New York Daily News, Sept. 27, 1987). Comparing the two,
	that method suggests about 930 handguns per 100,000 population
	in New York City compared to 960 in Vancouver, meaning Vancouver
	has a greater "prevalence of weapons" than New York City.
	
	The second method of measuring gun density is "Cook's gun
	prevalence index, a previously validated measure of intercity
	differences." But the validation was by Cook of his own
	theory. (Ref. 4) Normally, second opinions are sought from a
	different doctor. More significantly, the Cook index is
	based on the average of the percentage of firearms involvement
	in suicide and homicide. So the authors are basically taking
	a measure of misuse. Unsurprisingly, gun misuse in homicide
	(42% in Seattle, 14% in Vancouver) is related to gun misuse in
	homicide plus suicide, divided by two (41% in Seattle, 12% in
	Vancouver). The authors are not measuring the relative avail-
	ability of firearms, or of handguns, in Seattle and
	Vancouver.
	
	6. The authors misstate the laws of both Washington and
	Canada. They neglect to mention the significant fact that
	Washington has a waiting period and background check prior to
	the purchase of a handgun, and that provisions exist in Canadian
	law for owning and carrying handguns for personal
	protection. The authors also make it appear that it is more
	difficult to get a handgun legally in Canada than is actually
	the case.
	
	7. The authors ignore all other factors which might explain
	the differences in crime rate, beyond some vague mention of the
	penalities provided by law and the roughest of estimates of 
	clearence for one particular offense -- homicide involving a
	firearm. There is no measure of: the differences in the number
	of law enforcement officers; their aggressiveness in making
	arrests for gun law violations in the two jurisdictions; arrest
	rates for other offenses; conviction rates; actual sentences
	imposed for gun-related crimes, violent crimes without guns,
	or gun law violations; or incarceration rates. Whereas social
	scientists would attempt to measure and hold for such differences,
	the authors of the NEJM "tale of two cities" fail even to mention
	most factors related to crime control.
	
	8. The authors dismiss claims that handguns are an effective
	means for protection unless the criminal is killed. Such is not
	the case. Criminologists (Ref. 5-8) have found that almost
	650,000 Americans annually use handguns for protection from
	criminals, and that using a gun for protection reduces the
	liklihood that a crime -- rape, robbery, assault -- will be
	completed by the criminal and reduces the likelihood of injury
	to the victim. It is interesting, nonetheless, that the authors
	reported the same number (four) of civilian justifiable homicides
	without firearms in each city but that less restrictive Seattle
	accounted for 100% of the reported civilian justifiable homicides
	involving firearms.
	
	9. The Centers for Disease Control, which funded the "study,"
	editorially praised the paper, (Ref. 9) saying it "applied
	scientific methods to examine a focus of contention betweeb
	advocates of stricter regulation of firearms, particularly
	handguns." There is nothing in the paper which could possibly
	be mistaken for "scientific methods" by a sociologists or
	criminologists. The Vancouver-Seattle "study" is the equivolent
	of testing an experimental drug to control hypertension by finding
	two ordinary-looking middle-class white males, one aged 25
	and the other 40, and without first taking their vital signs,
	administering the experimental drug to the 25-year-old while
	giving the 40-year-old a placebo, then taking their blood pressure
	and, on finding the younger man had a lower blood pressure, 
	announcing in a "special article" a new medical breakthrough.
	It would be nice to think that such a "study" would neither be
	funded by the CDC or printed by the NEJM.
	
	Since the longstanding anti-gun biases of the NEJM and the CDC
	make them willing to present shoddy research as "scientific
	breakthroughs" in "special articles" and editorials relating
	to firearms, we are obligated to correct the record by notifying
	the news media and those with congressional and executive oversight
	over the activities of the Centers for Disease Control about
	the distortions contained in "Handgun Regulations, Crime, Assaults,
	and Homicides: A Tale of Two Cities" and "Firearm Injuries: A Call
	for Science." Clearly, all scientific standards go by the wayside
	whenever the CDC and the New England Journal of Medicine seize
	an opportunity to attack firearms ownership in America.
	
				REFERENCES

1. Wright JD, et al, *Weapons, crime and violence in America*: a literature
review and research agenda, Washington, D.C.: Department of Justice,
1981.

2. Scarff E. *Evaluation of the Canadian gun control legislation*: final
report. Ottawa: Ministry of the Solicitor General of Canada, 1983,
p. 87.

3. Department of Justice, Federal Bureau of Investigation, *Crime in
the United States*, 1987 (Uniform Crime Reports). Washington, D.C.:
Government Printing Office, 1988

4. Cook PJ. *The role of firearms in violent crime*. In: Wolfgang M.
Weiner NA, eds. *Criminal violence*, Beverly Hills, Calif.: Sage, 1982:
236-90, pp. 270-271.

5. Kleck G. *Crime control through the private use of armed force*.
Social Problems 1988: 35:1-21.

6. Ziegenhagen EA, Brosnan D. *Victim responses to robbery and crime
control policy*. Criminology. 1985: 23:675-695.

7. Lizotte AJ. *Determinants of completeing rape and assault*. Journal
of Quantitative Criminology. 1986: 2:203-217.

8. Sayles SL, Kleck G. *Rape and resistance*. Paper at the American Society
of Criminology convention, Chicago, 1988.

9. Mercy JA, Houk VN. *Firearm injuries: a call for science*. 
NEJM: 319:1283-1285.
==========================================================================

                             GUNS AND SPUTTER
                            by James D. Wright
          (from July 1989 issue of REASON, Free Minds & Free Markets)

      Someone once wrote: "Statistics are like a bikini.  What they real is
   suggestive, but what they conceal is vital."  The problem is demonstrated
   by the most recent entry in a long line of scientific research purporting
   to show a causal link between gun availability and homicide.  Funded by
   the federal government and published last year in the New England Journal
   of Medicine, the study compared homicide rates in Seattle and Vancouver and
   suggested that a handgun ban "may reduce the rate of homicide in a 
   community."
      The nine medical doctors who published "Handgun Regulations, Crime,
   Assaults, and Homicide" essentially reasoned in three steps: (1) Despite
   many historical, social, and demographic similarities, (2) Vancouver
   has a markedly lower homicide rate (3) because its stricter gun regulations
   make guns less available.  The second step in their reasoning seems
   indisputable.  The overall homicide rate in Seattle (for the period
   1980-86) was 11.3 per 100,000 popuation, compared with 6.9 in Vancouver.
   Homicide is definitely more common in Seattle.  The question then becomes,
   Why?
      The authors present a believable although not entirely accurate case
   to support the notion, as claimed in the third step of their reasoning,
   that Vancouver's handgun regulations are much more stringent.  But their
   evidence on the difference in gun *availabilty* is indirect and 
   unpersuasive; indeed, they acknowledge that direct evidence on the point
   does not exist.  They offer two fragments of inferential data in support
   of the claim that guns are more available in Seattle; but for all anybody
   knows as a matter of empirical fact, the opposite could be true.  We
   are therefore being asked, at the conclusion of the study, to believe that
   a difference in gun availability explains the difference in homicide rates
   when a difference in gun availability has not itself been established.
      Indeed, the situation is even more troublesome.  The first of the two
   indirect bits of evidence is a difference between the number of concealed-
   weapons permits issued in Seattle and the number of restricted-weapons
   permits issued in Vancouver.  Differences between the two cities in the
   permit regulations render these two numbers strictly noncomparable.
*     The second bit of evidence is "Cook's gun prevalence index," which stands
*  at 41 percent for Seattle but only 12 percent for Vancouver.  Cook's index
*  however, does not measure the relative prevalence of gun ownership in 
*  various cities.  It measures gun misuse--it is an average of the percentage
*  of homicides and suicides involving firearms.
*     In the present case, the index shows only that in homicides and suicides,
*  firearms are more likely to be used in Seatte than in Vancouver.  To take
*  Cook's index as a measure of general firearms availability, it must be
*  assumed that the proportional involvement of guns in homicides and suicides
*  is directly related to their relative availability in the general 
*  population.  But this is exactly what the authors are seeking to prove. To
*  assume what one is seeking to prove, then to "prove" it on the basis of
*  that assumption does ot constitute scientific evidence for anything.
      Even if we were to grant, on the basis of no compelling evidence, that
   guns are less common in Vancouver, we might still question what causes what.
   The authors attribute Seattle's higher crime rate to a higher rate of gun
   ownership.  But it might well be argued that low crime or homicide rates
   reduce the motivation for average citizens to obtain guns--in other words,
   that crime rates explain the variation in gun ownership, not vice versa.
      In fact, it was once commonly argued that Great Britain's low rate of
   violent crime was a function of that nation's strict gun laws and the 
   consequent low rate of gun ownership--until British researcher Colin 
   Greenwood found that Great Britain had enjoyed low rates of violent crime
   for many decades before strict firearms controls were enacted.  To invoke
   an ancient methodological saw, correlation is not cause.
      Nor do the problems with this study end with its lack of direct data
   on gun ownership.  The authors say Seattle and Vancouver are "similar in
   many ways," implying that they differ mainly in gun availability, gun-law
   stringency, and crime rates.  This is an evident attempt to establish
   the ceteris paribus condition of a sound scientific analysis--that "all
   else is equal" among things being compared.
*     Clearly the two cities are similar in some ways, but a closer look 
*  reveals differences in ways that are relevant to their respective crime
*  or homicide rates.  The cities are closely matched in what percentage
*  of their population is white (79 percent and 76 percent).  But Seattle
*  is about 10 percent black, while Vancouver is less than 0.5 percent.
*  Vancouver's minority population is overwhelmingly Asian.  So although the
*  authors show that th two cities are approximately comparable on a half-
*  dozen readily available demographic indicators, they have not shown
*  that all potentially relevant sources of variation have been ruled out.
*     In fact, the differences in racial compositions of the two cities is
*  particularly relevant in light of the study's breakdown of homicide rates
*  according to the race of the victim.  For the white majority, the homicide
*  rates are nearly identical--6.2 per 100,000 in Seattle, 6.4 in Vancouver.
*  The differing overall homicide rates in the two cities are therefore due
*  entirely to vastly different rates among racial minorities.  For blacks,
*  the observed difference in homicide rate is 36.6 to 9.5 and for Hispanics
*  26.9 to 7.9.  (Methodoligical complexities render the Asian comparison
*  problematic, but it too is higher in Seattle than in Vancouver.)  Racial
*  minorities are much more likely to be the victims of homicide in Seattle
*  than in Vancouver; the white majority is equally likely to be slain
*  in either city.
      Since the nearly 2:1 initial difference in homicide reates between the
   cities is due exclusively to 3:1 or 4:1 differences between minority 
   groups, it is fair to ask why postulated difference in "gun availability"
   (or gun-law strigency) would matter so dramatically to minorities but not
   matter at all to whites.  Can differential gun availability explain why
   blacks and Hispanics--but not whites--are so much more likely to be killed
   in Seattle than in Vancouver?  (Studies in the United States, incidentally,
   do not show large or consistent racial differences in gun ownership.)
      Or are other explanations more plausible?  Could the disparity between
   Canadian and American rates of poverty among racial minorities have 
   anything to do with it?  What are the relative rates of drug or alcohol 
   abuse?  Of homelessness among each cty's minority population?  (The city
   of Seattle runs the largest shelter for homeless men west of the 
   Mississippi.)  Unemployment among young, central-city, nonwhite men in the
   United States usually exceeds 40 percent.  What is the comparable Canadian
   percentage?
      The crucial point is that Canada and the United States differ in many
   ways, as do cities and population subgroups with the two countries.  Absent
   more detailed analysis, nearly any of these "many ways" might explain part
   or all of the difference in homicide rates.  In gross comparisons such
   as those between Seattle and Vancouver, all else is *not* equal.
*     The authors of this study acknowledge that racial patterns in homicide
*  result in a "complex picture."  They do not acknowledge that the ensuing
*  complexities seriously undercut the main thrust of their argument.  They
*  also acknowledge that "socio-economic status is probably an important
*  confounding factor in our comparison," remarking further that "blacks   
*  in Vancouver had a slightly higher mean income in 1981 than the rest of
*  Vancouver's population."  Given the evidence presented in the article,
*  it is possible that all of the difference in homicide rates between Seattle
*  and Vancouver results from greater proverty among Seattle's racial
*  minorities.  But the authors pay no further attention to this possibility,
*  since "detailed information about household incomes according to race
*  is not available for Vancouver."
      The largely insurmountable methodological difficulties confronted in 
   gross comparative studies of this sort can be illustrated with as simple
   example.  If one were to take all U.S. couties and compare them in terms
   of (1) pervalence of gun ownership and (2) crime or homicide rates, one 
   would find an astonishing pattern: Counties with more guns have less crime.
   Would one conclude from this evidence alone that guns actually reduce 
   crime?  Or would one insist that other variables also be taken into
   account?  In this example, the "hidden variable" is city size: Guns are
   more common in small towns and rural areas, whereas crime is a big-city
   problem.  If researchers failed to anticipate this variable, or lacked the
   appropriate data to examine its possible consequences, they coud be very
   seriously misled.  In the study at hand, the authors matched two cities
   for size but not for minority poverty rates or other hidden variables,
   and their results are impossible to interpret.
      In the editorial "Firearm Injuries: A Call for Science" accompanying
   the study, two officials from the Centers for Disease Control lauded the
   authors for applying "scientific methods" to a problem of grave public
   heath significance.  But in attempting to draw causal conclusions from
   nonexperimental research, the essence of scientific method is to anticipate
   plausible alternative explanations for the results and try to rule them
   out.  Absent such effort, the results may well seem scientific but are
   little more than polemics masquerading as serious research.  That this
   study is but one of a number of recent efforts--all employing practical
   identical research designs and published in leading scientific journals--
   is cause for further concern.

   [James D. Wright is professor of sociology at Tulane University.  He has
   researched extensively on the relationship of firearms and crime.]

Reason published monthly except combined August-September issue by the Reason
Foundation, a nonprofit, tax-exempt organization.  Subscription rate: $24.00 
per year.

Reason Foundation
2716 Ocean Park Blvd.
Suite 1062
Santa Monica, CA  90405

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53297
From: cower@csli.stanford.edu (Richard Cower)
Subject: Waco dates - are these coincidental?


The ATF agent interviewed on "Street Stories" reported that the raid was
ill planned, and went ahead even when they (the BD's) knew the ATF was 
coming. WHY?

I believe this raid was ill planned because they only had 2 days to plan it,
and it was continued when failure was obvious because it had a bit part
in the much larger political agenda of President Clinton. I would even 
suggest that the loss of 4 ATF agents is inconsequential in this the
context of his political agenda. It MIGHT even be beneficial to his agenda, 
as it helps point up just how evil these assualt weapons are. Further proof
might be that the ATF denied their agents (Street Stories report) requests
for sufficient fire power. 

Important dates: 
Feb 25th - NJ assembly votes to overturn assault weapon ban.
Feb 28th - Compound in Waco attacked.	   

On Feb. 25th the New Jersey assembly voted to overturn the assault weapon
ban in that state. It looked like it might be a tight vote, but the Senate
in N.J. was going to vote to overturn the ban. It would not sit well to have
an Eastern state overturn an assault weapon ban, given Clintons stated
agenda on gun control. I suspect Clinton gave the order to get someone or some
group with assualt weapons and have the press present (they were initially
at the incident in Waco) to record the event for the TV audience. The agent 
on "Street Stories" reported that a supervisor was urging them all to "get 
ready fast", as "they know we are coming". I believe this attack continued, 
even tho the probablility of failure was high,  because it came from the top 
down. After the N.J. assembly vote, the ATF had a limited amount of time to
come up with something, and the Wackos in Waco fit the bill nicely.

...rich 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53298
From: nagle@netcom.com (John Nagle)
Subject: Re: Gov't break-ins (Re: 60 minutes)

aj336@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Pat Weber) writes:
>>Ever notice that people in these cases are always described by clever
>>handles such as "eccentric", "religious wackos", "gun nuts", "cultists",
>>"survivalists", etc. so the general public will *not* identify with them?

       The San Jose Mercury News described him as "a 61-year old retired
chemical engineer".

					John Nagle

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53299
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:

>hambidge@bms.com wrote:
>: In article <C4psoG.C6@magpie.linknet.com>, manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:

>: >: Rate := per capita rate.  The UK is more dangerous.
>: >: Though you may be less likely to be killed by a handgun, the average
>: >: individual citizen in the UK is twice as likely to be killed
>: >: by whatever means as the average Swiss.  Would you feel any better
>: >: about being killed by means other than a handgun? I wouldn't.
>: 
>: >What an absurd argument.  Switzerland is one-fifth the size of the
>: >UK with one-eigth as many people therefore at any given point on
>: >Swiss soil you are more likely to be crow bait.  More importantly,
>: >you are 4x as likely to be killed by the next stranger approaching
>: >you on a Swiss street than in the UK.

Killed by handgun, or killed?  If I'm dead, I don't much care if it
was by being shot or stabbed to death.

>: You are betraying your lack of understanding about RATE versus TOTAL
>: NUMBER. Rates are expressed, often, as #/100,000 population.
>: Therefore, if a place had 10 deaths and a population of 100,000, the
>: rate would be 10/100,000.  A place that had 50 deaths and a population
>: of 1,000,000 would hav a rate of 5/100,000.  The former has a higher
>: rate, the latter a higher total.  You are less likely to die in the
>: latter.  Simple enuff?

>For chrissakes, take out your calculator and work out the numbers.
>Here... I've preformatted them for you to make it easier:

>			handgun homicides/population
>			----------------------------
>	Switzerland :	24 /  6,350,000
>	         UK :    8 / 55,670,000

>... and then tell me again how Switzerland is safer with a more
>liberal handgun law than the UK is without...by RATE or TOTAL NUMBER.
>Your choice.
>-- 
>Stephen Manes					   manes@magpie.linknet.com
>Manes and Associates				   New York, NY, USA  =o&>o

I don't think you can get an accurate indicator of how safe England is
compared to Switzerland by concentrating only on handgun murders and  
completely ignoring murders by other weapons, not to mention the rate of
other violent crimes.  If there are more guns in circulation, if follows
that more people will be killed with them 'cause they are available to
the person intent on committing a crime _regardless_ of whether they
have to do it with a gun, knife, or bare hands.  

The gun control lobby doesn't seem to understand this point.  If people
are intent on committing a crime, they will do it with whatever means
are available to them.  

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53300
From: nagle@netcom.com (John Nagle)
Subject: Re: WACO: The Militia Assembles


        Dumb move.  

        The smart move would be to sneak in someone with a TV camera
and video transmitter.  

					John Nagle

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53301
From: schabel@calspan.com (Dave Schabel)
Subject: Re: Gun Nuts and Holly Silva

In article <C4tsD1.1vA@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>In article <1993Apr1.010834.4326@mnemosyne.cs.du.edu> rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy) writes:
>>Both the " Gun Nuts" and the gays are aggressively defensive and quite
>>hostile to any one trying to deprive them of their rights.  Just like
>>any group trying to protect their rights.
>
>The fallacy of this whole thing is that YOUR RIGHTS ARE NOT IN JEAPARDY
>BY THESE POSTS.  

How can you say that?  I presume that you mean that talking about
restricting rights is not the same as restricting those rights.  Well,
arguing for those restrictions may lead to implementation, much
the same way as assault can lead to battery (legal definitions).

>Most t.p.g people and the homosexual groups won't even
>discuss the subject at all in a polite form.  The mere raising of a question
>as to why the rights are there or what exactly the 'right' encompasses
>bring shrill posts and angry/hostile traffic.  

Well, I can't speak for the homosexuals, but I've seen ALOT
of polite discussion on t.p.g.  Please, everyone, don't take
this guy's word, or mine for that matter, on it.  Read t.p.g.
for a while, and try to determine from which direction most of
the flameage originates.  If you post without flamebait, you
will generally receive reasoned responses.  True, there are
those who tend to lose their tempers quickly, as there are on
all newsgroups, but they really do feel their rights are in jeopardy.

Oh, and neat trick talking derisively about another newsgroup while
not crossposting to allow them to defend themselves.

>I think a lot of t.p.g people have very thin skin when it comes to 
>discussing these subjects.

Methinks you doth protest too much.

				Dave Schabel



-- 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Dave Schabel         | Opinions and comments contained herein are mine and  |
schabel@calspan.com  | do not necessarilly reflect those of Calspan Corp or |
Located in Western NY| its customers.                                       |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53302
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: ACLU (was Re: Waco Shootout ...)

jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:

>In article <1993Mar31.140529.10843@news.cs.indiana.edu> "Paul Hager"  
><hagerp@cs.indiana.edu> writes:
>> 
>> As an old post of mine came up in a collection of posts about
>> the ACLU's position on gun-control, I would like to note that my 
>> own position has been evolving.  But, I'm still not sure how to
>> answer the question, "does the 2nd allow me to have my own nuclear
>> device?"  

>The second amendment does not prohibit it, but it can probably be argued that  
>there is no way you can operate one without severely impacting on the safety  
>and rights of others, and so might not be permitted on that basis.

The existence of the weapon in and of itself (and this is also
true for biologics and chemical weapons, but for slightly different
reasons) poses a threat to living critters.  Can you say "neutron
and other radiation flux due to radioactive decay", boys and girls?

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53303
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: IMPORTANT HOLLY SILVA INFORMATION

In article <1pkojmINNmuq@cae.cad.gatech.edu>, vincent@cad.gatech.edu (Vincent Fox) writes:
> In a separate post over on soc.culture.usa she explicitly said that while
> she cross-posts to t.p.g and sets follow-ups to there, she does not READ
> talk.politics.guns. If you think about it, it's a clever way of keeping
> some of the politer respondents who will edit their newsgoup line, or
> properly use the follow-up: from being heard over there. It also makes it
> easier for her to claim all she ever sees is "squeaky weasels".

> So if you want her to see your insiteful analysis, e-mail it. If you
> want to point out her flaws in public, make sure your newsgroup line
> includes soc.culture.usa.

To keep from flooding s.c.u, I e-mailed it.  However, I agree that it's
quite the sneaky trick.  No more than I would expect, however.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53304
From: lwb@cs.utexas.edu (Lance W. Bledsoe)
Subject: Re: ATF suspects drug lab in compound

>In article <1993Mar28.180629.21574@mnemosyne.cs.du.edu> rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy) writes:
>>A Associated Press News story 3/28/93 reports:
>> 
>>"    In other developments Saturday, David Troy, intelligence chief for
>>the ATF, confirmed reports that authorities suspected the cult had a
>>methamphetamine lab.  He said evidence of possible drug activity
>>surfaced late in the ATF' investigation of the cult's gun dealings.

Wow, the scope of the mission of the ATF continues to expand.  Besides
Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms, they now seem to be involded in Child
Protective Services, Drug Enforcement and Tax Evasion.

They look to be on the road to being the nations *boys in blue*!
No Knock in one hand, M-16 in the other.  Zeik-Heil!!!

Lance



-- 
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|  Lance W. Bledsoe        lwb@im4u.cs.utexas.edu        (512) 258-0112  |
|  "Ye shall know the TRUTH, and the TRUTH shall make you free."         |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53308
From: lwb@cs.utexas.edu (Lance W. Bledsoe)
Subject: Re: Threatening Gun Owners

In article <7178@blue.cis.pitt.edu> gswst@cislabs.pitt.edu (Gary S. Wachs) writes:
>
>Hello,
>
>I'm writing a story on the future of Gun Control.  There are a
>few points I would welcome your opinion on.  It's wonderful having a
>resource like this newsgroup to take advantage of and I thank you in advance
>for your feedback!
>
>1. What do you believe are the most serious threats to gun-owners in the
>future?  
	* The Government
	* Liberals
	* BATF, FBI, DEA, etc.  (see #1)

>2. Are you concerned that the 2nd ammendment could be reinterpreted to
>apply to the armed forces only, barring civilians from owning arms of
>any kind?
	Well...
		contributions == taxes
		abortion == elimination of fetal tissue
		Clinton == president
		faggot == spouse
	It could happen...

>3. If you did have control over what types of arms people would be allowed
>to buy, which types would you feel compelled to restrict to military
>uses only (ie. bazooka, M16, grenade, atomic bomb, etc.)
	Hydrogen Bomb, perhaps.
	
>4. Would you describe HCI and all other gun control activists as being
>determined to make it illegal for a civilian to own or use a firearm?
	Yep.

>5. Have you personally read the Brady Bill in its entirety?
	Yep.

>Thank again,
>
>Gary


-- 
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|  Lance W. Bledsoe        lwb@im4u.cs.utexas.edu        (512) 258-0112  |
|  "Ye shall know the TRUTH, and the TRUTH shall make you free."         |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53309
From: aj359@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Christopher C. Morton)
Subject: Re: Waco Shootout Highlights Total Irresponsibility of the


In a previous article, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) says:

>Come on, guys, looks like its time to move that juvenile public-post
>either to E-mail or to a different newsgroup (alt.sex.bondage.holly.silva?).

No, Brent that would be
alt.sex.bondage.holly.silva.goofy.anti.semite.... :)

-- 
*************************************************************************
If you were smarter, you'd have these opinions....
*******************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53310
From: "George Guillory" <wk04942@worldlink.com>
Subject: Tx. Senator Bob Krueger RTKBA statement

For those of you interested, I just finished talking with a 
representative of Senator Bob Krueger's reelection campaign about his 
position on the RTKBA.  Krueger was appointed by the  Democratic Governor 
of Texas to complete Lloyd Bentsen's unexpired term.

The representative said that Senator Krueger did not have a position and 
would only comment on specific legislation that was pending.  No comment 
was available on the various versions of the Brady Bill.

Be warned and vote accordingly.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53311
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Govs. Florio, Wilder Hit Airwaves In Support of Brady Bill

In article <1993Apr1.015043.5662@r-node.hub.org>, ndallen@r-node.hub.org (Nigel Allen) writes:
> Here is a press release from Handgun Control Inc.

>    "It is ironic that Jim and I are observing this March 30 in a
> country that finds America's level of gun violence not only
> unacceptable, but unbelievable," said Mrs. Brady, chair of Handgun
> Control Inc.

So where was she?  And would she consider staying there?
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53312
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Re: I believe in gun control.

In article <1993Apr3.221837.2324@news.duc.auburn.edu> bixledn@eng.auburn.edu writes:
>In article 16193@cbnews.cb.att.com, lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:
>> No, you haven't read it very closely .  It says you may answer "No" if your
>> civil rights have been restored; that can be done either by the feds' or a
>> a state.  I think the feds stopped doing this for those convicted of violent
>> felonies.  At least a dozen states still restore a felons civil rights, some
>> immediately upon release, some after a waiting period.  I will post a list
>> of the states later.
>> 
>
>  A quick question, then Larry, If a person's civil rights have been restored, 
>  then are they still considered a felon?

Good question; I don't know what the law considers them.

>  IMO, if rights have been restored, then it makes sense to me that the
>  record of the felony, and everything else has been purged, and the
>  person in question is no longer a felon.

I believe this is what happens in some states.
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53313
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Lavishly Funded "Gun Epidemic" Propaganda Campaign to Commence

In article <C4txEK.FCq@magpie.linknet.com>, manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
> Morris the Cat (rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com) wrote:
> 
> : Well, as Neal Knox of the Firearms Coalition points out, the full
> : force of the anti-gun ruling class, their multi-millions, their
> : polling organizations, their schools, their news media, their
> : "entertainment" media
> 
> The entertainment media... a "force of the anti-gun ruling class"??
> Is this the same media that's made billions producing films and
> television that glorify guns and gun users?  Or is that another
> anti-gun media?
> 
> You've got to be kidding.

By this, do you mean that you consider it absolutely impossible for the
media to be guilty of hypocrisy?

Note that the film industry in California traded their political support
for an "assault weapon" ban in the state for an amendment to the bill
exempting the entertainment industry from that very ban.

Note that the very issue of the Batman comic book ("Seduction of the Gun")
that was produced as a tool for gun-control organizations carries a back-
page ad for a "Terminator II" video game extolling the numerous and
varied sophisticated weapons available to the player.

Note that Arthur Ochs Sulzberger, publisher of the NY Times -- one of the
oldest and most incessant gun-control grinders -- himself carries a
concealed handgun.

Still, you find it completely incredible that these folks live by the 
aphorism, "Do as I say, and not as I do."
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53314
From: hays@ssd.intel.com (Kirk Hays)
Subject: Re: Govs. Florio, Wilder Hit Airwaves In Support of Brady Bill

In article <1993Apr5.015209.29431@ucsu.Colorado.EDU>, fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary) writes:
|> In article <1993Apr2.231109.23378@msc.cornell.edu> srussell@msc.cornell.edu (Stephen Russell) writes:
|> >ObGuns:  I'm moving to Arizona; everyone carries guns there.  If I don't, what
|> >are the approximate probabilities that I'll get shot by the end of six months?
|> 
|> Under 1 in 20,000 assuming FBI statistics are meaningfull.

Of course, if you're a criminal, or hang around with criminals, or
flash large wads of cash in the wilder parts of town, or utter verbal
bigotry in the right public places, your chances of being shot are much
higher.

Avoiding these behaviors, on the other hand, decreases your chances of
being shot.

Something like 60% of all murders are criminals killing criminals. 
Over 90% of murders are committed by people with a prior *known*
history of violence.

Simplistic moral, suitable for my three year old, and most inane
posters:  "Bad people do bad things - repeatedly."

-- 
Kirk Hays - NRA Life, seventh generation.
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to
do nothing."  -- Edmund Burke (1729-1797)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53315
From: paull@hplabsz.hpl.hp.com (Robert Paull)
Subject: Re: Waco dates - are these coincidental?

Richard Cower (cower@csli.stanford.edu) wrote:
: 
: I believe this raid was ill planned because they only had 2 days to plan it,
: and it was continued when failure was obvious because it had a bit part
: in the much larger political agenda of President Clinton. I would even 
: suggest that the loss of 4 ATF agents is inconsequential in this the
: context of his political agenda. It MIGHT even be beneficial to his agenda, 
: as it helps point up just how evil these assualt weapons are. Further proof
: might be that the ATF denied their agents (Street Stories report) requests
: for sufficient fire power. 
: 
: Important dates: 
: Feb 25th - NJ assembly votes to overturn assault weapon ban.
: Feb 28th - Compound in Waco attacked.	   
: 
: On Feb. 25th the New Jersey assembly voted to overturn the assault weapon
: ban in that state. It looked like it might be a tight vote, but the Senate
: in N.J. was going to vote to overturn the ban. It would not sit well to have
: an Eastern state overturn an assault weapon ban, given Clintons stated
: agenda on gun control. I suspect Clinton gave the order to get someone or
: some: group with assualt weapons and have the press present (they were
: initially
: at the incident in Waco) to record the event for the TV audience. The agent 
: on "Street Stories" reported that a supervisor was urging them all to "get 
: ready fast", as "they know we are coming". I believe this attack continued, 
: even tho the probablility of failure was high,  because it came from the top 
: down. After the N.J. assembly vote, the ATF had a limited amount of time to
: come up with something, and the Wackos in Waco fit the bill nicely.
: 
: ...rich 


   I don't know Rich. Last year when the congress was debating the Bushmans
'Crime Bill', the incident at Lubys' cafe occured. Most of the anti-gun
crap was amended out of the bill anyway. 

   
   Could a president 'order': go find some 'assault weapons' and bring the
media". I hope not.  Frankly, the Toon-meister* scares me. Of course 
having a Democratic majority in congress doesn't help. (Apologies to all 
Demos' who support RKBA)

( *definition: toon-meister - a characatureic name for the current 
president of the U.S.:   Clinton aka, Clintoon aka Toon-meister.)

Rob P.





Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53316
From: slagle@lmsc.lockheed.com (Mark Slagle)
Subject: Re: NRA Fucks Up Bigtime

In article <1993Apr5.042450.2071@cbnewse.cb.att.com>, doctor1@cbnewse.cb.att.com (patrick.b.hailey) writes:

> In article <SLAGLE.93Mar29232337@sgi417.msd.lmsc.lockheed.com> slagle@lmsc.lockheed.com writes:

>>In article <xw1twyl@dixie.com>, jgd@dixie.com (John De Armond) writes:

>>> No, actually I'm a lot more familiar with the libbers than I
>>> care to be.  I'm a bit hesitant to continue this thread because
>>> it brings back horrible memories of my first encounter with the
>>> libbers in the LaRouche branch.  I made the mistake of buying a

>>Any connection between Lyndon LaRouche and the Libertarian Party
>>is a pure product of your own fertile imagination.  

> Naw, perhaps he reads Time magazine.

It's a fair stretch of anyone's imagination to expect them to
attach any credibility to anything written in Time magazine in
the past twenty years, I'd imagine.  The Enquirer at least gets
the names attached to the right body parts.

=Mark
--
----
Mark E. Slagle                                 PO Box 61059
slagle@lmsc.lockheed.com                       Sunnyvale, CA   94088
408-756-0895                                   USA

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53317
From: jyoung@Cadence.COM (John Young)
Subject: FFL&gunsmithing questions

I have a few questions I'd like to ask;
First,How would someone(me)be able to get a dealers license    
and second,besides dear old departed gramp's,where would I
find a good place to learn gunsmithing.
		all replies appreciated!
			John



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53318
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C4tr3M.Eqw@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>On the other hand, we can draw lessons from neighbors who are more
>culturally similar, namely the Canadians...

I don't think such a Canada is any more "culturally similar" to
the United States than England. In terms of laws regarding individual
rights, restrictions on police searches, etc... (all closely
related to crime) Canadian laws parallel England's and differ
greatly from those of the United States.
  
>...In fact, an exhaustive,
>seven-year study has already been done of the respective crime rates
>of Vancouver, British Columbia and Seattle, Washington... cities
>with roughly the same population, urban economy, geography
>and crime but with decidedly different approaches to gun control.

Actually, they do not have "roughly the same... urban economy", 
and extremely different ethnic composition.

>Over the seven-year study, 388 homicides occurred in Seattle
>(11.3 per 100,000) vs. 204 homicides in Vancouver (6.9 per 100,000).
>After adjustment for differences in age and sex among the populations,
>the relative risk of being a victim of homicide in Seattle, as
>compared to Vancouver, was found to be 1.63.

However, if you account for economic and ethnic differences,
the difference disappears completely: Seattle's minorities are
predominatly poor, while Vancouver's are middle or upper class.
The rates for whites in both cities were found to be identicle,
while the rate for poor, Seattle minorities was almost three
times as great as for the well-to-do minorities of Vancouver.
The pattern seems to be one of poverty and race relations, not
one of gun control.

>The authors of the report also investigated "legally justifiable"
>homicides (self-defense).  Only 32 such homicides occurred during
>the seven-year study, 11 of which were committed by police.  Only
>21 cases of civilians acting in self-defense occurrred...

That is a gross distortion: "Self-defense" does not mean killing
the attacker. There were 21 cases of civilians killing their 
attacker in self-defence. But such cases represent less that
0.5% of the crimes prevented by armed self-defence; for every
case you cite, there were over 200 other cases of self-defence
where the crime was prevented but the attacker was not killed.
(0.5%, by the way, is the most conservative possible figure,
based on the National Crime Survey's estimate of 80,000
crimes prevented by armed self-defence each year. Most other 
studies on the subject put the figure at 500,000 to 600,000.
Those figures would imply less than 0.08% of sucessful self-defences
involve killing the attacker.) 

So, more correctly, there over 4000 (possibly as many as 25,000) 
cases of civilians acting in self-defence, only 21 of which resulted
in the death of the attacker. This is a significant factor, in
comparison to the 592 homicides. If memory serves, homicides
make up approximately 1% of the violent crimes the study
considered, so the fair comparison would be 40 - 250 homicides
prevented and 592 homicides. Clearly, the study can not be
close to accurate, since it ignored these cases of self-defence.

                                                Frank Crary
                                                CU Boulder

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53319
From: eyc@acpub.duke.edu (EMIL CHUCK)
Subject: Re: Bill 'Blame America First' Clinton Strikes Again.

jeddi@next06pg2.wam.umd.edu (Anheuser Busch) writes:
 >This argument sounds very stupid.. if the ability to make guns from
 >"simple metalworking" was easy,  then Drug dealers would make their own 
 >wouldn't they???.. why spend hundreds of dollars buying a gun that
 >somebody else made cheap and is selling it to you at an
 >exorbitant markup???... The simple truth of the matter is, that regardless
 >of how easy it is to make guns, banning guns will reduce the 
 >the number of new guns and seriuosly impede the efforts of a 
 >killer intent on buying a weapon....
 >To show why the tools argument is the silliest i have ever seen.. take an
 >analogy from computer science... almost every computer science major
 >can write a "wordprocessor" yet we(comp sci majors)  would willingly pay 3  
 >to 400 bucks for a professional software like wordperfect... why don't we  
 >just all write our own software???...... Because it is highly  
 >inconvinient!!!..
 >Same with guns... secondly.. how does one get this gunpowder for the 
 >"home made gun" ??? Take a quick trip to the local 7-eleven???.
 > If guns were really that simple to make... the Bosnian muslims would
 >be very happy people (or is it the case that metalworking tools are
 >banned in bosnia??? (deep sarcasm)  ).
 >
 >well this is my two cents..
 >   i will now resume reading all these ridiculus post from people
 >     who must make their living doing stand-up comedy.
** END OF FORWARDED MATERIAL **

-- 
And so, the rubber spheroid arced beneath the brilliant lights.
Headed for a hoop of dreams he'd dreamt of all those nights.
The crowd gasped as the ball descended; Would it grant their fondest wish?
There was no doubt in Casey's mind, He knew it was a *SWISH*!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53320
From: tms@cs.umd.edu (Tom Swiss (not Swift, not Suiss, Swiss!))
Subject: Re: Fwd: FREE NRA MEMBERSHIP OFFER

andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:
>
>The NRA supports anyone who's pro-gun and has a chance of winning
>election, regardless of their other positions.  Is it their fault that
>some drug-legalizers are anti-gun?  Is it their fault that the
>drug-legalizers who are pro-gun can't get elected?

     It's not the NRA's fault; but it is something to consider if you are
considering contributing to the NRA. If candidate B is a complete asshole
whose only saving grace is that he opposes unnecessary restrictions on
firearms, I wouldn't want my membership dues funding efforts to get him
re-elected.

     I have other problems with the NRA (as an organization; the individual
members I've met have been loyal, trustworthy, honest, brave, etc.,
especially my boss who probably reads this newsgroup B->); they are
definitely pro-hunting, and I recall seeing a pro-Desert Storm NRA bumper
sticker. Sometimes they come on too strong in the political arena, which
contributes to their reputation as "bad guys" amoung many people.

===============================================================================
Tom Swiss/tms@cs.umd.edu  |  "Born to die"   |   Keep your laws off my brain!
     "What's so funny 'bout peace, love and understanding?" - Nick Lowe 
     This .sig contains no animal products and was not tested on animals.
"I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent
 less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her
 sweetness and respecting her seniority." -- E.B. White


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53321
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: the usual

kendall@lds.loral.com (Colin Kendall 6842) writes:

>I just heard some anti-gun-control people giving the usual arguments:
>It's everyone's right to bear arms, and the way to solve the problem
>of people getting killed by guns is better law enforcement.

>It strikes me that this argument could be logically extended as follows:

>A nuclear weapon is an "arm", hence anyone has a right to have 
>nuclear weapons. And if someone uses his nuclear weapons to blow
>up New York, L.A., and Chicago, that's okay as long as we have a
>good police force capable of finding him and putting him in jail, 
>which will serve as a deterrent to others.

>Do any anti-gun-control people disagree with this, and if so,  why?

Yes, I am pro-gun, and yes, I do disagree with this statement.
Nuclear weapons in and of themselves are dangerous.  Radioactive
decay of plutonium and uranium, as well as the tritium in the
weapon, tends to be somewhat dangerous to living things.
(Can you say "neutron flux"?)  Plus these things have no self-
defense purposes.  It's kinda hard to justify their use as
a militia weapon when at best they are meant for battlefield use
(low-yield weapons) or at worst for industrial target obliteration
(translation:  cities and population centers).  Not to mention that
for it to be used as a militia weapon and expect the user to live
requires some sort of launch vehicle . . .

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53322
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C4tsHu.Ew6@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>: That's all very well and good, but I was refering to all
>: homocides, not just ones involving handguns (what is this fixation
>: on death by shooting, as if it were somehow worse than death
>: by stabbing?)

>What relevance are ALL homicides in this debate?...
>The issue is guns, not baseball bats.

No. The issue is reducing crime, not guns. If gun control doesn't
lower crime overall, then is doesn't address the issue.

>...Even a simpleton knows that
>he stands a better chance of surviving an attack with a baseball bat...

Does that matter if assaults with a baseball bat become much
more common? Muggers using a gun rely primarily on the
threat of the gun, and rarely shoot their victim. A mugger
using a knife is much more likely to start by stabbing his victim 
in an effort incapacitate him. So, while a knif may not
be as deadly as a gun, criminals are more likely to actually
_use_ the knife (as opposed to threatening the victim with it.)
It isn't at all clear that replacing the criminal's gun with a
knife would reduce murders. Stabbings might just become more
common. That's why it is important to look at the overall
(not the with-gun) homicide rate. It avoids the issue of
substitution, different criminal techinques of using different
weapons, etc... and measures what we want to prevent: Murders.

>As for knives, see my earlier post.  I'd much rather face a knife
>than a gun, thanks.  

"Face"? Possibly. However, facing knife-welding attackers isn't
too common: Stabbing without warning and by supprise is the
usual tactic. Very few criminals shoot from cover: It attracts
to much attention and they don't have a chance to go through your
pockets. Overall, I'd much rather be threatened with a gun
than actually stabbed with a knife.

>...Fortunately, the best defense against a knife isn't
>another knife.  Anyone trained in unarmed self-defense won't have
>much of a problem disarming a knife assailant untrained in knife
>assault (which probably means 99.9% of knife assailants).

Actually, the exact same statement is true of guns: Training in
unarmed self-defence will let you disarm an untrained gunman 
without much problem.

You also ignore the criminal's reaction: The National Crime
Survey clearly shows that criminals (unarmed, armed with a
knife, gun or whatever) are unwilling to risk their lives
in a confrontation. If faced with a serious threat, almost
all prefer to leave and find an easier target. Therefore,
using (or threatening to use, as is much more commonly the case)
a weapon _is_ the best defence against an attacker, regardless
of how he is armed. Knives, however, are much less effective
than guns: Criminals don't consider knifes as a "serious threat"
nearly as often as they do guns.

                                              Frank Crary
                                              CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53323
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C4u3x5.Fw7@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>I don't know how anyone can state that gun control could have NO
>effect on homicide rates.

I don't think anyone is arguing that there would be no effect. But
there would be no _net_ _positive_ effect. You also have to 
consider the negative side: Law abiding citizens, armed with 
fireamrs (pistols for the most part), prevent between 80,000
(National Crime Survey) and 1,000,000 (Dr. Kleck) crimes
each year. (Those are the extremes. Most studies find
the number to be 500,000 to 600,000.) About 1% of those crimes are
homicides, so private ownership of firearms _saves_ approximately
5,000 lives each year. There are roughly 12,000 criminal homicides
and fatal accidents involving guns each year. For there to 
be any net benefit, you would have to show that gun control measures
would disarm over 40% of the criminals currently using guns.
That would be very hard to do: According the the federal BATF,
only 8% of criminals buy their guns over the counter. Since
gun control laws, by their very nature, only effect legal
sales, such a law would remove all the benefits of armed,
law-abiding citizens while having only a minimal effect on
armed criminals (who, by and large, get their guns illegally.) 
That doesn't sound like a net benefit to me.
  
>...There were over 250 >accidental< handgun
>homicides in America in 1990, most with licensed weapons.

Since most were with licensed weapons, I assume you are not
supporting "reasonable" laws (i.e. waiting periods, background
checks, licenses, etc...). Since only a complete ban would 
alter the statistic you refer to, I assume that's what you
are supporting.

By the way, 1135 people dies in 1986 from falling down stairs.
250 accidental handgun deaths isn't significant next to 
other household accidents.

>...More
>American children accidentally shot other children last year (15)
>than all the handgun homicides in Great Britain.

1080 children under the age of 10 died by drowning, 69 from 
drinking poisonous household chemicals (like Drano), 139 from
falls. If the real goal is to reduce the tragic, accidental
deaths of children, wouldn't a ban on drain cleaners be a 
better palce to start? (Or, perhaps, restricting ownership to
professionals like plumbers?)

>...Please... no dictionary arguments about RATES vs
>TOTAL NUMBERS, okay?  They're offered for emphasis, not comparison).

While you might call it "emphasis", refering to completely two
statistics in the same sentence _implies_ a comparison. If it
isn't valid, and you put the numbers together to convince people
you are right, the kindest thing I could call it is propaganda.

                                                      Frank Crary
                                                      CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53324
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C4tM1H.ECF@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>: You are betraying your lack of understanding about RATE versus TOTAL
>: NUMBER. Rates are expressed, often, as #/100,000 population.
>: Therefore, if a place had 10 deaths and a population of 100,000, the
>: rate would be 10/100,000.  A place that had 50 deaths and a population
>: of 1,000,000 would hav a rate of 5/100,000.  The former has a higher
>: rate, the latter a higher total.  You are less likely to die in the
>: latter.  Simple enuff?

>For chrissakes, take out your calculator and work out the numbers.
>Here... I've preformatted them for you to make it easier:

>			handgun homicides/population
>			----------------------------
>	Switzerland :	24 /  6,350,000
>	         UK :    8 / 55,670,000

>... and then tell me again how Switzerland is safer with a more
>liberal handgun law than the UK is without...by RATE or TOTAL NUMBER.
>Your choice.

Because there are about 40 homicides total (i.e. using guns, knives,
tire-irons, baseball bats, bare hands, etc...) in Switzerland
each year and 850 homicides, total, in England. That's three
times worse per capita in England than in Switzerland. Since
dead is dead, it really doesn't matter that 60% of the Switz
murders involved a gun or that only 0.9% of the English murderers
do. 

                                            Frank Crary
                                            CU Boulder    

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53325
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Bill 'Blame America First' Clinton Strikes Again.

In article <12741@news.duke.edu> eyc@acpub.duke.edu (EMIL CHUCK) writes:
> >This argument sounds very stupid.. if the ability to make guns from
> >"simple metalworking" was easy,  then Drug dealers would make their own 
> >wouldn't they???..

They do. According the the Los Angeles Police Department, illegal
manufacture is one the three primary sources of machine guns and
submachine guns used in crimes (sumggling and theft from the
police and military being the other two.) Washington D.C. police
have stated that 40% (If I'm remembering the figure correctly) of
the guns they conficate were illegally built.

> >...why spend hundreds of dollars buying a gun that
> >somebody else made cheap and is selling it to you at an
> >exorbitant markup???...

It takes about 6 hours and a few tools to make one (at least one
of reasonable quality). Unless the drug dealer enjoyes messing
around on a lathe (say, as a hobby), he's going to have to 
pay someone anyway. Materials plus six hours of a machinist's
time for something legal would run about $100. The blackmarket
prices for guns are usually in the $50 to $200 range (at least
those few I've seen cited in newspaper articles were...)

> >...The simple truth of the matter is, that regardless
> >of how easy it is to make guns, banning guns will reduce the 
> >the number of new guns and seriuosly impede the efforts of a 
> >killer intent on buying a weapon....

Washington D.C. has a total ban on handguns and prohibits assembled
rifles within city limits. It's homicide rate is almost ten
times the national average. It is also illegal for a D.C.
resident to drive to the Virginia or Maryland suburbs and
buy a gun (dealers are required by federal law to check IDs
and make sure the buyer isn't from another state) so the ban 
can not be easily side-stepped.

> >To show why the tools argument is the silliest i have ever seen.. take an
> >analogy from computer science... almost every computer science major
> >can write a "wordprocessor" yet we(comp sci majors)  would willingly pay 3  
> >to 400 bucks for a professional software like wordperfect... why don't we  
> >just all write our own software???...... Because it is highly  
> >inconvinient!!!..

Sure. But it you couldn't buy one, you would write your own (in
fact, people _did_ write their own 15 years ago...) More likely,
you would find a friend who was a particularly good programer
and get him give you a copy of his. Software is a _very_ bad
example for your case: How many people do you know with illegal
copies of $400 word processors? If people want something, and
it isn't available (or affordable) legally, they will usually
get it illegally.

> >Same with guns...

Quite.

> >secondly.. how does one get this gunpowder for the 
> >"home made gun" ???

13-3-2. The formula has been around for half a million years.
Or are you going to restrict sales of sulpher, charcoal and
saltpeter? That's alot cruder than modern smokless powder, but
it works very well. The only real problems are a ~25% reduction
in energy (so a .357 magnum would "only" be as deadly as a 9mm)
and it makes alot more smoke... Of course, a smart black marketeer
could just make the gun in 9mm and steal the ammunition from the
police (the police are often corruptable, and things are known
to disappear from police evidence rooms and armories and
reappear on the streets...)

> > If guns were really that simple to make... the Bosnian muslims would
> >be very happy people (or is it the case that metalworking tools are
> >banned in bosnia??? (deep sarcasm)  ).

Perhaps you weren't watching the news two years ago, but the Serbs 
also tried to invade Slovinia. They were driven out after a few
weeks by partisans armed with home-made _anti-tank_ weapons.
The Afghan rebels frequently made their own rifles. 

                                                Frank Crary
                                                CU Boulder

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53326
From: franceschi@pasadena-dc.bofa.com
Subject: Re: Gov't break-ins (Re: 60 minutes)

On a Los Angeles radio station last weekend, the lawyers for the
family of the MURDERED rancher said that the Los Angeles Sheriff's
Department had an assessment done of the rancher's property before
the raid.

This strongly implies that the sheriff's department wanted the property;
any drugs (which were not found) were only an excuse.

In Viet Nam, Lt Calley was tried and convicted of murder because his
troops, in a war setting, deliberately killed innocent people. It is time
that the domestic law enforcement agencies in this country adhere to
standards at least as moral as the military's.

Greed killed the rancher, possibly greed killed the Davidian children.
Government greed.

It is time to prosecute the leaders who perform these invasions.


Fred Franceschi   (These are my own opinions!)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53327
From: manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

J. Spencer (J.M.Spencer@newcastle.ac.uk) wrote:
: manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:

: >Jim De Arras (jmd@cube.handheld.com) wrote:
: >: > Last year the US suffered almost 10,000 wrongful or accidental
: >: > deaths by handguns alone (FBI statistics).  In the same year, the UK
: >: > suffered 35 such deaths (Scotland Yard statistics).  The population
: >: > of the UK is about 1/5 that of the US (10,000 / (35 * 5)).  Weighted
: >: > for population, the US has 57x as many handgun-related deaths as the
: >: > UK.  And, no, the Brits don't make up for this by murdering 57x as
: >: > many people with baseball bats.

: [snip]

: If you examine the figures, they do. Stabbing is favourite, closely
: followed by striking, punching, kicking. Many more people are burnt to
: death in Britain as are shot to death. Take at look and you'll see for
: yourself. 

It means that very few people are shot to death in Great Britain.
-- 
Stephen Manes					   manes@magpie.linknet.com
Manes and Associates				   New York, NY, USA  =o&>o


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53328
From: manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

Jim De Arras (jmd@cube.handheld.com) wrote:
: In article <C4u3x5.Fw7@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve  
: Manes) writes:
: [...]
: > I don't know how anyone can state that gun control could have NO
: > effect on homicide rates.  There were over 250 >accidental< handgun
: > homicides in America in 1990, most with licensed weapons.  More
: > American children accidentally shot other children last year (15)
: > than all the handgun homicides in Great Britain.  (Source: National
: > Safety Council.  Please... no dictionary arguments about RATES vs
: > TOTAL NUMBERS, okay?  They're offered for emphasis, not comparison).
: > 

: You're a great debater.  You chose your sources of information, claim them
: to  be superior,

I've made no such claim.  Please direct my attention towards any
posting of mine where I claimed superior sources of information.
It's probably because I bothered to post any references at all while
others seem content to post numbers pulled from the ozone, that
you've confused it with fact-twisting.  If so, I apologize.  

: then take those twisted numbers and twist them further by trying  

Well then, here's fair opportunity for you to prove that I've "twisted
numbers."  On what grounds do you contradict those references?  Do you have
any citations... any sources of your own that I can take similar
gratuitous shots at?

: to compare absolute numbers between two countries that have major population  
: differences, the USA and GB, and then whine that you are afraid someone might  
: attack your process, and so claim the numbers are for "emphasis, not  
: comparison"?  Emphasis of what?

Nitpicking and scolding is a whiney debating style, Jim.

: Anything else is blowing smoke.

You seddit, brudda.
 
-- 
Stephen Manes					   manes@magpie.linknet.com
Manes and Associates				   New York, NY, USA  =o&>o


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53329
From: kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT)
Subject: Re: A universal RIGHT to bear arms? NOT!

nathan@laplace.biology.yale.edu (Nathan F. Janette) writes:
>In article <1993Apr2.080842.3554@a.cs.okstate.edu> kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu  
(KENNEDY JAMES SCOT) writes:
> gary@ke4zv.uucp (Gary Coffman) writes:
>> >In article <1993Apr1.173759.4636@cs.yale.edu>  
nathan@laplace.biology.yale.edu writes:
>> >>In article <C4sK5w.Lsr@ms.uky.edu> miles@ms.uky.edu (Stephen D. Grant)  
writes:
>> >>> nathan@laplace.biology.yale.edu (Nathan F. Janette) writes:
>> >> >
>> >>> >I suppose that's true if you maintain that AK-47s and AR-15s are hunting
>> >>> >weapons.  I think they are fun to "plink" cans/targets/random VC with,
>> >>> >but not suitable for "real" hunting.  
>> >>> 
>> >>>  Wrong. Both are legal to hunt with here in Kentucky. I have a picture of
>> >>>  a friend with a nice 8-point buck which he shot with his AR-15 rifle.
>> >>
>> >>I don't think many deer hunters would condone your friends choice of
>> >>rifle. 
> 
>> >I must agree with Nathan. As a deer hunter, I find it inhumane to use
>> >underpowered weapons for deer hunting. To kill cleanly with the little
>> >.223 requires extremely good marksmanship. Most hunting situations don't
>> >allow for "perfect" shots. Hunters should use sufficiently powerful
>> >weapons to drop the deer with a single hit to the chest. The 7.62x39
>> >from the AKS-47 or SKS is adequate to this task, having similar ballistics
>> >to the familiar 30-30, but the little .223 is very marginal. In the
>> >hands of the expert, or the lucky, it will do, but hunters really
>> >should have more respect for their quarry. 
> 
>> >Gary
> 
>> I'll agree that the popular 55 gr. loading for .223 rem.  is too small for
>> deer-sized game.  However, if you use a 70 gr. semi-spritzer or the Sierra
>> 63 gr. semi-pointed bullet this would be suitable (like any round,
>> you keep your shots within a reasonable range).  It would still be on the
>> lower end of what I'd consider acceptable performance, especially those
>> long distance shots out West hunting Monster Mule Deer.  The .223 rem. has
>> been declared legal for deer hunting in Oklahoma.
> 
>> The .223 is excellent for varmit hunting and pest control.  The AR-15 in
>> particular is well suited, given its heavy barrel and heat shielded foregrip.
>> Add a high-power scope, and you're in "Dog heaven".
> 
>> However, I don't think Nathan Janette was refering to the specific chambering
>> of the rifle in question.  Maybe he thinks self loading rifles have no
>> place in deer hunting.  That may (or may not) be his opinion, but many
>> sportsmen do use self loading rifles and shotguns.

>Wrongo, NRA man.  I was definitely referring to the round, not the
>auto-loading aspect of the rifle.  I have no problem with *responsible*
>hunting.  That doesn't include machine guns from choppers, but a semi is
>fine.  My uncle has bagged several deer with 12 gauge slugs.  I would prefer
>that a hunter use as much of the catch as possible, and I don't condone
>hunting for "sport" only. 

>IMHO, of course.  

Two questions:

1)  You asserted that both the AR-15 and AK-47 are not suitable for
   "real hunting".  If you have no problem with hunting, or using
   self loading rifles for hunting, why did you say this?  If not
   for deer, then what about other, smaller game?

2)  When did I get the nickname "NRA man"?  Notice I have never referred
   to you as "Janette" which you don't seem to like.  Do I get any
   super-powers, like Spider Man or Powdered Toast Man?

Scott Kennedy    Brewer, Patriot, and now NRA-Man, defender of Truth,
                 Justice, and the 2nd Amendment.

kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53330
From: hays@ssd.intel.com (Kirk Hays)
Subject: Re: Gov't break-ins (Re: 60 minutes)

In article <1993Apr5.155733.114@pasadena-dc.bofa.com>, franceschi@pasadena-dc.bofa.com writes:
|> On a Los Angeles radio station last weekend, the lawyers for the
|> family of the MURDERED rancher said that the Los Angeles Sheriff's
|> Department had an assessment done of the rancher's property before
|> the raid.

The briefing documents for the raid had a notation on them about a
similar local property which had sold for $800,000 prior to the
raid, if recent TV coverage can be believed.

|> This strongly implies that the sheriff's department wanted the property;
|> any drugs (which were not found) were only an excuse.

The Ventura County DA came to the same conclusion in the report he
released, which lambasted the Sheriff's Office.

Too bad the old man was nearly blind, and didn't take a few
goose-stepping Drug Warriors (TM) with him.

-- 
Kirk Hays - NRA Life, seventh generation.
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to
do nothing."  -- Edmund Burke (1729-1797)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53331
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: a universal RIGHT to bear arms? NOT!

rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat) writes:


>||	Wrong again, but if you want proof: turn on your TV and look
>||for a show starring Chuck Connors.  It was called, "The Rifleman."
>||Time how fast he can fire that old lever-action rifle.

>|Believe it or not, I remember seeing an advertisement for someone
>|selling one of these; apparently Winchester produced a bunch of
>|these commercially to commemorate the television show. I believe it was 
>|being sold as a handgun because of the barrel length and lack of a stock.

>I might be mistaking the above weapon for the gun used by Steve
>McQueen in "Wanted: Dead or Alive." If so, sorry. Did Winchester
>make any commemorative models of the rifle used by Chuck Connors
>in the movie? Chuck Connors was an NRA member before he died recently...

I don't know for sure if Winchester made any commemeratives.  If I
recall correctly, the rifle itself was a .44-40 Model 92 with an
oversized loop lever.  I don't think Winchester makes this rifle
any more.  Rossi make a Model 92 look-alike in .38 Special and
.357 Magnum.

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53332
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: ACLU (was Re: Waco Shootout ...)

"Paul Hager" <hagerp@cs.indiana.edu> writes:

>>The 2nd Amendment does say "keep and bear."  If "bear" is defined to
>>mean "carry," then most people are physically unable to carry a several
>>hundred pound nuclear device.

>As I understand it, sub-kiloton nuclear demolitions are man-portable
>and carried in a backpack.

As I recall, in the 60's the Kennedy Administration had sub-kiloton
nuclear weapons withdrawn from Europe and destroyed.  They were man-
portable and made for use in shoulder-mount rocket launchers.  The
smallest nuclear test I've seen data for was a .1 (yes, one-tenth)
kiloton weapon tested either in the late 40's or early 50's.

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53333
From: Minh Lang <minh@inst-sun1.jpl.nasa.gov>
Subject: Re: Gov't break-ins (Re: 60 minutes)

In article <1993Apr5.155733.114@pasadena-dc.bofa.com> ,
franceschi@pasadena-dc.bofa.com writes:
> In Viet Nam, Lt Calley was tried and convicted of murder because his
> troops, in a war setting, deliberately killed innocent people. It is
time
> that the domestic law enforcement agencies in this country adhere to
> standards at least as moral as the military's.

No, Lt Calley was later acquitted. His troops killed 400-500
people, including kids, elderly and women... I sure don't want
to see the domestic law enforcement agencies in this country
adhere to those "military standards"... If they did, we're
all in big trouble...(The My Lai massacre was covered up
by high-ranking officials and ALL who were involved were
ACQUITTED).

  == Minh ==

+------------------------------------------------------------+
 Minh Lang, Software Engineer  - Jet Propulsion Laboratory
 Instrumentation Systems Group - Instrumentation section 375
 Note:  My employer has nothing to do with what I said here...
+------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53334
From: alleyja@yang.earlham.edu
Subject: <None>

In article <1993Apr4.4332.33144@dosgate>, nigel.allen@canrem.com (nigel allen) writes:
> Here is a press release from Handgun Control Inc.
> 
>  Sarah Brady Calls On Governor to Veto NRA Bill; Bayh Urged to
> Follow Clinton's Lead
>  To: State Desk
>  Contact: Cheryl Brolin of Handgun Control Inc., 202-898-0792
> 
>    WASHINGTON, April 2 -- In a letter today to Indiana Gov. 
> Evan Bayh, Sarah Brady, wife of former White House
> Press Secretary James Brady and chair of Handgun Control Inc.,
> called on the governor to veto NRA-backed "preemption" legislation
> (S.B. 241), which would wipe out existing local gun laws and
> prohibit localities from enacting future regulations governing the
> sale, possession or transfer of firearms.
>    "I'm counting on Gov. Bayh to show the same kind of political
> courage President Clinton showed as governor of Arkansas, when he
> twice vetoed this type of special-interest legislation," Mrs. Brady
> said, referring to Clinton's veto of NRA-backed preemption bills in
> 1989 and 1991.
> 

I knew that Cutie would sell us out.  Full-blooded Democrat, he is :-)

Seriously folks, if it can happen here (remember?  we all got gun racks on
our 4x4s), it can happen anywhere.  Now to get that letter ready.  `Dear 
Cutie, as one who didn't vote for you, I can sincerely say I am unhappy...'


>  -30-
> -- 
>  Nigel Allen, Toronto, Ontario, Canada  nigel.allen@canrem.com
> --
> Canada Remote Systems - Toronto, Ontario
> 416-629-7000/629-7044

Those who know what's best for us
Must try to save us from ourselves
-- RUSH
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| Jason Alley                  || The opinions expressed were given to me      |
| Earlham College, Richmond IN || by aliens living in my pancreas.             |
| AlleyJa@Yang.Earlham.Edu     || The Empire never ended.                      |
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53335
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: the usual

hollombe@polymath.tti.com (The Polymath) writes:

>The possession of nuclear arms (actually weapons grade fissionables) is
>currently regulated only by market forces.  I.e.:  To own them you have to
>either make them, buy them or steal them.  The only thing that stops you
>is the staggering cost (more than most nations can afford), the fact that
>no one who has them wants to sell to you and the tight security maintained
>on existing stocks. (Just ask Saddam Hussein).

I was under the impression that to obtain fissionable materials (i.e.,
plutonium or reactor/weapons-grade uranium) one was required to obtain
a federal permit to own such materials.

>Given a source of fissionables, you can build a bomb in your garage with
>parts from hardware stores and electronic junk supplies.  You might have
>to engage in some shady dealings to get the explosive charge, but that's
>trivial compared to getting the plutonium.  The basic information on the
>design was declassified years ago and can be dug out of any technical
>library by a physics grad student.

Actually, why bother looking it up?  From the material we covered last
term (in 10 weeks) of Ge/Ch 127 (Nuclear Chemistry), I could *derive*
what it would take to build a bomb.  And as far as the explosive charge,
I (as a chemist) could synthesize a variety of explosives from commonly
available chemicals in the garage if I felt like.  The electronics 
behind the detonator and the shaped charges are a little trickier,
however . . . but not impossible using a few "tricks of the trade."
And if I really wanted to be nasty, I could include a core of 
hydrogen and deuterium . . .

Of course, the hardest part is getting the fissionable material
to start with, and living long enough to put a bomb together. 
(Plutonium has some *nasty* properties . . .)

>The Polymath (aka: Jerry Hollombe, M.A., CDP, aka: hollombe@polymath.tti.com)
>Head Robot Wrangler at Citicorp                      Laws define crime.
>3100 Ocean Park Blvd.   (310) 450-9111, x2483       Police enforce laws.
>Santa Monica, CA  90405                            Citizens prevent crime.

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53336
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: Another NYTimes Yellow-Sheet Editorial (4/4/93)

feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:


[other uninformed, purposefully ignorant gun control ranting deleted]

>*  Thanks to the N.R.A., the A.T.F. is prohibited from researching the
>effectiveness of using taggants in explosives, Taggants are a cheap
>and technologically feasible microscopic additive that would help
>investigators at crime scenes - like the World Trade Center bombing
>- trace the explosives involved.

I want this man to tell me how in the hell you can take the 
explosives used in the WTC bombing, considering that the 
consensus seems to be that the explosive was a fertilizer-based
one.  Ammonium nitrate, to be exact . . . of which about
90,000 tons disappears per year (if I recall the stat correctly;
I don't have it here.)  Just one more disregarding of reality
to push a point.

[more bunk deleted]

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53337
From: <U23590@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: Waco dates - are these coincidental?

I do not think it is at all unlikely that Clinton ro his policy
wonk facilitators arranged the Waco raid as a display piece for  the
Gun War on the Constitution.  Look at what the Bush administration did to
get material for the Drug War on the Constitution--remember that baggie of
crack George waved at the cameras?  They took a dealer from the ghetto
and brought him to the White House so they could say drugs had been
dealt onb the White House Lawn.
And I don't think anybody could honestly think Clinton would have any
moral qualms about the raid...
The only really worrisome thing is that the BD's heroic defense of
their ranch will make Clinton's Gun War on the Constitution _more_
successfull--exactly as he wanted.  The media and politicians will
filter this so that the general public will think the BD's
are bad guys!  Don't help them.  Stand up for the BD's with your
friends and family adnd in public anytime you can--their supposed
moral qualms are not important to the issue.  They are heroes in the
fight against oppressive government;  it could just as well have been
you.
-watkins@earth.eecs.uic.edu  (Brian E Watkins)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53338
From: dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff)
Subject: Re: Gun Control: proud to be a Canuck

Does anyone really believe the Swiss have had no war within their borders
because every adult male owns a rifle? I'm a great admirer of the Swiss, but
500 years of peace on their turf has zilch to do with gun ownership. Can you
picture Hitler, with Panzers and Focke-Wulfs poised on the border, losing
sleep over a few thousand expert rifleman? Sure. 
Hitler stayed out of Switzerland because the Swiss run the money in this
world. We'd do well to emulate them on that and forget about getting more
rifles on the street. Let's disband the NRA and start a National Investment
Banking Association, replete with red and black sticker for the back window
of Bubba's Mercedes 600! We could fire Charlton Heston and get Paul Volcker
for a spokesman.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53339
From: cathy@LANCE.ColoState.Edu (Cathy Smith)
Subject: Questions to Ponder

The Libertarian Second Amendment Caucus in Fort Collins, Colorado,
submitted this as a questionnaire to the city council candidates
in the upcoming election. As expected, very few of the candidates
(3 of 13) responded, but they know we're watching.

Feel free to use any and all of these questions that strike your 
fancy or use them as inspiration for your own.

                                *****
       
   1.  Would you be willing to state, in writing, that if you are
       publicly demonstrated to have violated your oath of office
       you would resign and never run for office again?
       
   2.  Under what circumstances do the rights of the group come
       before the rights of the individual?
       
   3.  Would you support a city charter amendment prohibiting the
       city government, its officials, agents, and employees from
       initiating force against any human being for any reason?
       
   4.  Please put the following list in order of precedence (from
       lowest to highest): a) city ordinance, b) city resolution, 
       c) state law, d) federal statute, e) U.S. Constitution, 
       f) state constitution.
       
   5.  Do you believe that it's appropriate for any city official or
       employee to be paid more than his or her average private
       sector constituent?
       
   6.  Do you believe that involuntary contributions are a legitimate
       means of funding council programs?
       
   7.  Would you support a program recognizing the right of
       taxpayers to "earmark" their taxes (either as "must be used"
       or "must not be used") for specific programs?
       
   8.  In the event that the candidate "None of the Above" were to
       win a city election, which option do you believe most
       appropriate? a) The candidate with the next highest vote total
       fills the office. b) A special election is held to fill the 
       office, with none of the previous candidates eligible to run 
       again. c) Let the office remain unfilled and unfunded until 
       the next election. d) Abolish the office.
       
Please return your questionnaire to: [address of your choice]

A signature and date line were added here.
    
Thank you for taking the time to fill out this questionnaire.

                                 ******

The questionnaires were sent with self-addressed, stamped envelopes.

P.S. One person _did_ get a perfect score on the questionnaire, and,
no, he didn't help write it.

Cathy Smith

My opinions are, of course, my own.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53340
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Gun Control: proud to be a Canuck

In article <1pqsruINNiae@hp-col.col.hp.com> dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff) writes:
>Does anyone really believe the Swiss have had no war within their borders
>because every adult male owns a rifle? I'm a great admirer of the Swiss, but
>500 years of peace on their turf has zilch to do with gun ownership. Can you
>picture Hitler, with Panzers and Focke-Wulfs poised on the border, losing
>sleep over a few thousand expert rifleman? Sure. 

The Swiss population is (and well was) far larger than that. I think
your question should be, "...losing sleep over a million expert
riflemen?" Certainly he could have conquered Switzerland, but
a million armed militiamen (especially in a mountainous area, 
where tanks' effectiveness is limited) would have made it a
real pain. The question a conqueror would ask, is "is it worth 
the trouble?" The more difficult an invasion is, the more likely
the answer would be "no." Certainly a million riflemen (as
opposed to a professional army of only ten or twenty thousand, the
best a country the size of Switzerland could support), makes
invasions more difficult.

>Hitler stayed out of Switzerland because the Swiss run the money in this
>world.

Really? In 1939? I'm not even sure you could prove that today (despite
the steriotype.) Certainly the Swiss bankers were not essential
to the German war-time economy.

                                           Frank Crary
                                           CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53343
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: the usual

arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:

>Yes, I am pro-gun, and yes, I do disagree with this statement.
>Nuclear weapons in and of themselves are dangerous.  Radioactive
>decay of plutonium and uranium, as well as the tritium in the
>weapon, tends to be somewhat dangerous to living things.
>(Can you say "neutron flux"?)

	Can you say, "I get more background radiation from living in
Denver or having an office in a limestone building than I do standing
next to a power reactor at full power or standing next to a nuclear
warhead that is armed?"  Look up "shielding" in your dictionary.  You
don't need six feet of lead to make decent shielding; your dead skin
cell layer does an excellent job on alpha particles, and neutrons
are slowed by mere *water*.  What do you think 75% of you is?

>  Plus these things have no self-
>defense purposes.  It's kinda hard to justify their use as
>a militia weapon when at best they are meant for battlefield use
>(low-yield weapons) or at worst for industrial target obliteration
>(translation:  cities and population centers).

	If the militia has as its job the overthrow of an illegal
government, they are indeed useful weapons to the militia.  They
won't be too useful in certain areas, but leveling the Pentagon
would be a "good thing" for said overthrow and it's likely one man
carrying a backpack would stand a better chance than one thousand
armed with Colt Peacemakers.  Don't let self-defense become the
only reason you can have a gun and your sole means of justification.
Myself, I won't overthrow my government until it ceases to be my
legal government, but if I need to I want every weapon I can get.

	One can just as easily say no rifle larger than a .22 is
needed to kill a human being.  They are right.  When that human
being is wearing armor and riding in an APC, things get a bit
different.  I don't see where the weapon is a problem.  It's not.
Only the manner of use is in contention here.

>  Not to mention that
>for it to be used as a militia weapon and expect the user to live
>requires some sort of launch vehicle . . .

	I guess you either don't have an alarm clock or have never
heard the terms "timer" or "martyr" either.  Don't forget remote
detonation devices.  That CB radio in the pickup next to you can
easily transmit ten miles in decent weather.  That's out of the
blast radius of many portable nuclear devices.

	Just what is it about radioactive decay that has you worried?

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53344
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: the usual

arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:

>I was under the impression that to obtain fissionable materials (i.e.,
>plutonium or reactor/weapons-grade uranium) one was required to obtain
>a federal permit to own such materials.

	No, you merely have to start working on yellowcake or else
devise a system to get it from other sources.  BTW: the DOE handles
reactor fuel, and merely leases it to reactors.  The NRC certifies these
reactors.  The military have their own sources.  A private citizen has
none of these official sources.

>Actually, why bother looking it up?  From the material we covered last
>term (in 10 weeks) of Ge/Ch 127 (Nuclear Chemistry), I could *derive*
>what it would take to build a bomb.

	That's freshman-level chemistry.  Big deal.  Can you make it
work?  That's PhD-level physics.  Big difference.

>  And as far as the explosive charge,
>I (as a chemist) could synthesize a variety of explosives from commonly
>available chemicals in the garage if I felt like.  The electronics 
>behind the detonator and the shaped charges are a little trickier,
>however . . . but not impossible using a few "tricks of the trade."
>And if I really wanted to be nasty, I could include a core of 
>hydrogen and deuterium . . .

	So you admit that there's no law that could stop you?  Physics
aside, could you make one if you had the funds and time?  The answer
is yes.  So, do we lock you up now because of this?  Surely you can
see where the comparison with anti-gun laws comes into play here?

>Of course, the hardest part is getting the fissionable material
>to start with, and living long enough to put a bomb together. 
>(Plutonium has some *nasty* properties . . .)

	Precisely why it's not as readily utilized as you seem to have
been lead to believe.  BTW: 98% U235 is far better for home-made bombs
than trying to use plutonium.  The laws of physics make the creation of
a device without serious manufacturing facilities very low in probability.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53345
From: ipser@solomon.technet.sg (Ed Ipser)
Subject: Re: Waco Shootout Highlights Total Irresponsibility of the

In article <1993Apr5.213034.10706@gtephx.UUCP> forda@gtephx.UUCP (Andrew Ford @ AGCS, Phoenix, Arizona) writes:
>In article <1pdmgaINN95f@kitty.ksu.ksu.edu>, strat@kitty.ksu.ksu.edu (Steve Davis) writes:
>> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>> 
>> >> If she *needs* a gun right now, why doesn't she already have one?  
>> 
>> >You are the victim of a cut-and-run purse-snatcher.  He makes off 
>> >with your purse, containing your ID, your house keys... and your gun.
>> 
>> So you're saying she can RUN RIGHT INTO A STORE, BUY A GUN, RUN BACK
>> OUTSIDE AND SHOOT THE GUY IN THE BACK AS HE RUNS OFF?  This doesn't
>
>No, he's saying she just lost her gun and she wants to buy another
>so that as she sits home alone tonight, she's not a sitting duck to
>any bastard who wants to break in.

In fact, the situation is more grim that that, even. The purse snatcher
now has her home address. If the woman lives alone, she is in great
personal danger.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53346
Subject: Re: Washington State
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)

In article <1993Mar30.191157.8338@synapse.bms.com> hambidge@bms.com writes:
>In article <93088.191742U23590@uicvm.uic.edu>, <U23590@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>>What is a CCW
>Acronym for Concealed Carrying of Weapon; basically, a permit to carry
>a concealed pistol or revolver.

I phoned Licensing Division in Washington State to ask for an application
for a CCW.  Instead they promptly sent me an applicationfor becoming a 
firearms dealer in Washington!

They even sent me a firearms safety pamphlet.
-Case Kim



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53347
From: gardner@convex.com (Steve Gardner)
Subject: Re: Gov't break-ins (Re: 60 minutes)

In article <1993Apr5.155733.114@pasadena-dc.bofa.com> franceschi@pasadena-dc.bofa.com writes:
>In Viet Nam, Lt Calley was tried and convicted of murder because his
>troops, in a war setting, deliberately killed innocent people. It is time
>that the domestic law enforcement agencies in this country adhere to
>standards at least as moral as the military's.
	Here! Here!  But any call for responsibility and accountability 
	from police is invariably interpreted as being "soft on crime".
	Being "tough on crime" and building more prisons and seizing more
	property is the politically astute thing to do these days.


>Greed killed the rancher, possibly greed killed the Davidian children.
>Government greed.
	And citizen complacency!

>It is time to prosecute the leaders who perform these invasions.
	Don't forget the politicians that write the laws that make it
	easy for the police agencies to become corrupt.  The War on Some
	Drugs brought us this corruption and only an end to it (legalization)
	will stop the corruption.


						smg



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53348
Subject: thanks to poster of NY Times article on ATF in Texas
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)


good job to whoever posted the article.  I'd
been saving that NYTimes edition for a while, planning to ytpe it
in myself, but now I don't have to.

For all of those people who were worried about whether or not
the media would even question the raid, we owe it to the
NY Times (despite their rabidly anti-gun editorials) for 
being willing to talk to these 4 BATF  agents.

-Case Kim


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53349
From: greg@puck.webo.dg.com ()
Subject: Re: RKBA on NYC radio station

|> Actually, the real reason that Stern was getting a bigger rating share was that
|> he was new in D.C., not because of the quality (if you can call it that) of 
|> his show. After the Fine was issued he started to get better ratings because 
|> of the curious individuals who wanted to see how bad he actually was. Since
|> he came to D.C. he has had a greater turn over of listeners than the "Grease"
|> has. In other words, more people get sick of him sooner than they do of the
|> "Grease". After all, saying vagina or penis on the air is hilarious at first, 
|> the second time it is still a little funny, but when you do it all the time, 
|> and at the same time, think you are the greatest man on the planet (and tell
|> everyone so) than you are going to get old really quick. 
|> Give it up Mark you are WRONG.
|> 
Excuse me, but if you really new what the show was about, you'd know that he
doesn't just say vagina and penis and that is how he get's his ratings. He
also addresss real issues as well as being outrageous. I don't hear any of these
other idiots doing a funny show and getting into some serious topics at the
same time, he get's people to think and entertains them at the same time, 
so try listening to his show a little closer before you tell them that they are
WRONG, and by the way, if he is such a flash in the pan, why do his ratings sustain
so well? Hmm?




-- 
-----------------------------------------------
Greg W. Lazar             greg@puck.webo.dg.com

J-E-T-S JETS JETS JETS
-----------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53350
From: pspod@bigbird.lerc.nasa.gov (Steve Podleski)
Subject: Re: Founding Father questions

arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:
>Wasn't she the one making the comment in '88 about George being born with
>a silver foot in his mouth?  Sounds like another damn politician to me.
>
>Ain't like the old days in Texas anymore.  The politicians may have been
>corrupt then, but at least they'd take a stand.  (My apologies to a few
>exceptions I can think of.)  
>
>News now is that the House may already have a two-thirds majority, so 
>her "opposition" out of her concern for image (she's even said this
>publicly) may not matter.

Do people expect the Texans congressmen to act as the N.J. Republicans did?
-- 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Steve Podleski			|     phone: 216-433-4000
NASA Lewis Research Center     	|    
Cleveland, Ohio  44135         	|     email: pspod@gonzo.lerc.nasa.gov 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53352
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C519Mt.Apq@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve  
Manes) writes:
> Jim De Arras (jmd@cube.handheld.com) wrote:
> : In article <C4u3x5.Fw7@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve  
> : Manes) writes:
> : [...]
> : > I don't know how anyone can state that gun control could have NO
> : > effect on homicide rates.  There were over 250 >accidental< handgun
> : > homicides in America in 1990, most with licensed weapons.  More
> : > American children accidentally shot other children last year (15)
> : > than all the handgun homicides in Great Britain.  (Source: National
> : > Safety Council.  Please... no dictionary arguments about RATES vs
> : > TOTAL NUMBERS, okay?  They're offered for emphasis, not comparison).
> : > 
> 
> : You're a great debater.  You chose your sources of information, claim them
> : to  be superior.  I'm not aware of using any numbers from the ozone, unless  
you consider those I got from you to be such.
> 
> I've made no such claim.  Please direct my attention towards any
> posting of mine where I claimed superior sources of information.
> It's probably because I bothered to post any references at all while
> others seem content to post numbers pulled from the ozone, that
> you've confused it with fact-twisting.  If so, I apologize.  
> 

Yes, You state the reference, and then YOU claim it's a good or fair treatment.  

> : then take those twisted numbers and twist them further by trying  
> 
> Well then, here's fair opportunity for you to prove that I've "twisted
> numbers."  On what grounds do you contradict those references?  Do you have
> any citations... any sources of your own that I can take similar
> gratuitous shots at?
> 

You fail to see the differences between absolute numbers and rates.

> : to compare absolute numbers between two countries that have major  
population  
> : differences, the USA and GB, and then whine that you are afraid someone  
might  
> : attack your process, and so claim the numbers are for "emphasis, not  
> : comparison"?  Emphasis of what?
> 
> Nitpicking and scolding is a whiney debating style, Jim.
> 

No, you just miss the point.  By your methods, I can prove gun control to be a  
total failure.  New York's total homocide count, with it's strict gun control,  
is MUCH higher than Rhode Island's, with it's less strict gun control.  FAR  
more folks are killed in New York, than Rhode Island.  Therefore, according to  
Mane Logic(tm), gun control has made New York a much more dangerous place than  
Rhode Island.  Remember, it's "Nitpicking" and "a whiney debating style" to  
point out the differences between New York and Rhode Island that might defeat  
my argument.

> : Anything else is blowing smoke.
> 
> You seddit, brudda.

Now you agree?  Wow, a break-through!
>  
> -- 
> Stephen Manes					   manes@magpie.linknet.com
> Manes and Associates				   New York, NY, USA  =o&>o


--
Jim

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53353
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C518B1.AMF@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>: >: > Last year the US suffered almost 10,000 wrongful or accidental
>: >: > deaths by handguns alone (FBI statistics).  In the same year, the UK
>: >: > suffered 35 such deaths (Scotland Yard statistics).  The population
>: >: > of the UK is about 1/5 that of the US (10,000 / (35 * 5)).  Weighted
>: >: > for population, the US has 57x as many handgun-related deaths as the
>: >: > UK.  And, no, the Brits don't make up for this by murdering 57x as
>: >: > many people with baseball bats.

>: If you examine the figures, they do. Stabbing is favourite, closely
>: followed by striking, punching, kicking. Many more people are burnt to
>: death in Britain as are shot to death. Take at look and you'll see for
>: yourself. 

>It means that very few people are shot to death in Great Britain.

And I'm sure that is a great comfort to the widows and children of
those stabbed, beaten and burned to death. The real question is,
"Did the crime rate in England go down, after they enacted 
gun control laws?" If you look at the rates before and after their
first such law in 1920, you will see no effect.

                                          Frank Crary
                                          CU Boulder

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53354
From: crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com (Ron Phillips)
Subject: Armed Citizen - April '93


THE ARMED CITIZEN
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Mere presence of a firearm, without a shot being fired, prevents
crime in many instances, as shown by news reports sent to The
Armed Citizen.  Shooting usually can be justified only where
crime constitutes an immediate, imminent threat to life or limb
or, in some circumstances, property.  The accounts below are from
clippings sent in by NRA members.  Anyone is free to quote or
reproduce them.
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   Retired Las Vegas deputy police chief Larry Bolden initially
tried to defend himself with a steering wheel bar lock when a
criminal attacked him in his car.  But then the intruder wrestled
it from him, Bolden pulled his pistol and fired several times,
wounding his attacker and stopping the incident.  "He was just a
citizen defending himself," a police official said.
	(The Review-Journal, Las Vegas, Nev., 11/11/92)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   A pair of teenaged robbers armed with a sawed-off shotgun and
handguns took the day's receipts from Brooklyn bodega owner Hector
Martinez.  As they made their getaway, Martinez grabbed his
registered 12-gauge shotgun and gave chase.  When one fired,
Martinez returned three blasts, slightly wounding his assailants.
They fled but were apprehended when they sought medical attention.
	(Newsday, Long Island, N.Y., 01/05/93)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   A sign posted on the door of Roman Paras' shop reads "The 
owners of this property are armed and highly skilled to protect
life, liberty and property from criminal attack."  Apparently, a
pair of robbers didn't pause to read it as they threatened Paras'
wife in their Oxnard, Calif., convenience store.  Hearing her
scream, Paras grabbed his .38, ran to the front of the store and
shot it out with the masked and armed men, killing one criminal.
	(The Times, Los Angeles, Calif., 12/04/92)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   Anne Marie Sullivan was showering in her Portland, Oreg., home
one morning when she heard the front door crash in.  She jumped
out of the shower in time to see a man entering the home.  Running
to the bedroom, Sullivan retrieved her boyfriend's pistol and
fired two shots, mortally wounding the intruder.  The dead man had
a lengthy police and prison record.
	(The Oregonian, Portland, Oreg., 01/07/93)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   Mike Baranelli would have let two robbers who burst into a
Birmingham, Ala., barber shop keep his money.  But the 75-year-old
retired teacher was unwilling to surrender his life.  When the
intruders ordered Baranelli, the shop owner, and another man to 
lie on the floor, Baranelli pulled his pistol and shot both men in 
the head, killing one.  "I felt sure there was going to be three 
dead people in there.  I think I had some divine help," Baranelli 
said.
	(The Sunday Advertiser, Montgomery, Ala., 01/03/93)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   Believing an elderly Harvey, Ill., couple would again be easy
prey, a knife-wielding home invader instead met death when the
76-year-old homeowner loosed three rounds from a semi-automatic
pistol.  Police said the dead man had been charged several times
for thefts from the couple's home.
	(The Star, Chicago Heights, Ill., 01/07/93)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   The criminal's profile was scheduled to appear on "America's
Most Wanted," but his shot at fame was abruptly canceled by a
Hallandale, Fla., service station clerk.  The Michigan prison
escapee walked into the station and announced a robbery.  Instead
of cash, he got bullets in the head and chest from station clerk
Gary McVey.  Police said McVey acted in self-defense and would not
face charges.
	(The Sun-Sentinel, Ft. Lauderdale, Fla., 12/04/92)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   A Bridgeport, Conn., oil delivery man handed over the few
dollars he had.  But the thug, apparently unsatisfied with his
take, turned his gun on his victim and demanded more money.  
Instead of more cash, the deliveryman instead pulled his own
pistol and fired, mortally wounding the robber.  Police said the
dead man had held up a nearby market just before the fatal
incident.
	(The Courant, Hartford, Conn., 01/13/93)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   After repeated burglaries at her San Marcos, Calif., home, Joan
Vessel, 64, was ready with a .38 and a cordless phone when she
heard glass breaking one afternoon.  When she found two teenagers
attempting to get into her woodshed, Vessel fired a warning shot
over their heads, marched them into the front yard and called
police.
	(The Times Advocate, Escondido, Calif., 12/25/92)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   Angry that his auto insurance had been canceled, a client used
brass knuckles to take it out on Brandon, Fla., agent Steven
Taylor.  When his assailant walked out of the office, Taylor
grabbed a pistol kept there and held the former client at gun-
point until police arrived.
	(The Tribune, Tampa, Fla., 01/14/93)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   Dozing one evening at his Exeter, Pa., office, Jim Pisano was
awakened by the barking of his dog.  Sitting in stunned amazement,
he watched as two men smashed out his office window, reached in
and grabbed one of his hunting rifles.  Reaching a pistol on his
desk, Pisano fired several shots, apparently wounding one of the
burglars, and putting them to flight.
	(The Times-Leader, Wilkes-Barre, Pa., 12/09/92)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   Trying on a pair of shoes was just an act for a criminal who
then pulled a knife and demanded money.  When the man advanced,
the Flint, Mich., shoestore owner drew his pistol and fired,
critically wounding the would-be robber.
	(The Journal, Flint, Mich., 01/13/93)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   Disarmed and pistol whipped after struggling with a pair of
shotgun-toting thugs, Brooklyn, N.Y., pharmacist Soel Melero 
continued fighting and managed to retrieve a second-also licensed-
hidden pistol.  Firing three times, the druggist killed one of his
assailants.  The other fled empty-handed.
	(The Daily News, New York, N.Y., 01/18/93)
==================================================================
-- 
*************************************************************
*Ron Phillips               crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com *
*Senior Customer Engineer                                   *
*Intergraph Electronics                                     *
*381 East Evelyn Avenue               VOICE: (415) 691-6473 *
*Mountain View, CA 94041              FAX:   (415) 691-0350 *
*************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53355
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Re: Founding Father questions


In article <1993Apr5.153951.25005@eagle.lerc.nasa.gov>, pspod@bigbird.lerc.nasa.gov (Steve Podleski) writes:
>arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:
>>Wasn't she the one making the comment in '88 about George being born with
>>a silver foot in his mouth?  Sounds like another damn politician to me.
>>
>>Ain't like the old days in Texas anymore.  The politicians may have been
>>corrupt then, but at least they'd take a stand.  (My apologies to a few
>>exceptions I can think of.)  
>>
>>News now is that the House may already have a two-thirds majority, so 
>>her "opposition" out of her concern for image (she's even said this
>>publicly) may not matter.
>
>Do people expect the Texans congressmen to act as the N.J. Republicans did?

There is a (likely) veto proof majority in the house.  The Senate,
unfortunately, is a different story.  The Lt.Gov. has vowed that the bill will
not be voted on, and he has the power to do it.  In addition, the Senate is a
much smaller, and more readily manipulated body.

On ther other hand, the semi-automatic ban will likely not live, as at least
fifty per cent of the house currently opposes it, and it is VERY far down in
the bill order in the Senate (I believe it will be addressed after the CCW
bill).

And I thought my TX Political Science class was a waste of time!
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |God gave us weather so we wouldn't complain
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |about other things.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53356
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C4tM1H.ECF@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>hambidge@bms.com wrote:
>: In article <C4psoG.C6@magpie.linknet.com>, manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>
>: >: Rate := per capita rate.  The UK is more dangerous.
>: >: Though you may be less likely to be killed by a handgun, the average
>: >: individual citizen in the UK is twice as likely to be killed
>: >: by whatever means as the average Swiss.  Would you feel any better
>: >: about being killed by means other than a handgun? I wouldn't.
>: 
>: >What an absurd argument.  Switzerland is one-fifth the size of the
>: >UK with one-eigth as many people therefore at any given point on
>: >Swiss soil you are more likely to be crow bait.  More importantly,
>: >you are 4x as likely to be killed by the next stranger approaching
>: >you on a Swiss street than in the UK.
>
>: You are betraying your lack of understanding about RATE versus TOTAL
>: NUMBER. Rates are expressed, often, as #/100,000 population.
>: Therefore, if a place had 10 deaths and a population of 100,000, the
>: rate would be 10/100,000.  A place that had 50 deaths and a population
>: of 1,000,000 would hav a rate of 5/100,000.  The former has a higher
>: rate, the latter a higher total.  You are less likely to die in the
>: latter.  Simple enuff?
>
>For chrissakes, take out your calculator and work out the numbers.
>Here... I've preformatted them for you to make it easier:
>
>			handgun homicides/population
>			----------------------------
>	Switzerland :	24 /  6,350,000
>	         UK :    8 / 55,670,000
>
>.... and then tell me again how Switzerland is safer with a more
>liberal handgun law than the UK is without...by RATE or TOTAL NUMBER.
>Your choice.

       If you want to talk "less likely to get killed with a handgun"
you'd have a point.  "Safer" includes other things than simply handguns,
and you can't conclude "safer" by ignoring them.

       Now if somebody's got the total homicide rates...

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu  (Mail to VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu will bounce.)
"Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed." - Lazarus Long

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53357
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C4tsHu.Ew6@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>Frank Crary (fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU) wrote:
>: That's all very well and good, but I was refering to all
>: homocides, not just ones involving handguns (what is this fixation
>: on death by shooting, as if it were somehow worse than death
>: by stabbing?)
>
>What relevance are ALL homicides in this debate?  What do you think gun
>control advocates are saying: that if we get rid of all handguns we will
>live in a homicide-free world?

       The relevance is that if you've got x homicides and reduce
the number of gun homicides in that group, but x doesn't decrease
by a significant amount, have you made an improvement, and is that
improvement worth what you've paid?

>The issue is guns, not baseball bats.  Even a simpleton knows that
>he stands a better chance of surviving an attack with a baseball bat...
>certainly of outrunning a bat-wielding assailant.

       If a baseball bat is a tenth as likely to kill a victim as a gun,
is that any comfort to that tenth?

>As for knives, see my earlier post.  I'd much rather face a knife
>than a gun, thanks. 

       I've faced a knife.  And I was damn annoyed I didn't *have*
a gun.  All the statistics in the world didn't change the fact that
*he* was interested in cutting *me*.

>Fortunately, the best defense against a knife isn't
>another knife.  Anyone trained in unarmed self-defense won't have
>much of a problem disarming a knife assailant untrained in knife
>assault (which probably means 99.9% of knife assailants).

       "Anyone trained in self-defense." 

       Unarmed self-defense isn't for everyone.  What's more, it requires
substantially more training to be safe and effective than a firearm.
It requires physical proximity and thus a greater threat to the victim,
which is a primary problem with stun guns.  You have to actually touch
your assailant.  Unless you're *very* good, a large, stronger assailant
can simply ignore your blows long enough to incapacitate you.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu  

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53358
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: the usual

In article <viking.734084516@ponderous.cc.iastate.edu> viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson) writes:
>>Yes, I am pro-gun, and yes, I do disagree with this statement.
>>Nuclear weapons in and of themselves are dangerous.  Radioactive
>>decay of plutonium and uranium, as well as the tritium in the
>>weapon, tends to be somewhat dangerous to living things.
>>(Can you say "neutron flux"?)

>	Can you say, "I get more background radiation from living in
>Denver or having an office in a limestone building than I do standing
>next to a power reactor at full power or standing next to a nuclear
>warhead that is armed?"  Look up "shielding" in your dictionary.  You
>don't need six feet of lead to make decent shielding; your dead skin
>cell layer does an excellent job on alpha particles, and neutrons
>are slowed by mere *water*.  What do you think 75% of you is?

But whatever the neutrons hit has a good chance of absorbing the
neutron and becoming radioactive itself. Mostly, that means water
turning into (harmless) heavy water. But some neutrons would 
also hit bones, and the resulting harmfull, secondard radioactives
would remain in the body for decades. I think an unshielded nuclear
warhead could reasonably be considered a public health hazard.

As for a shielded warhead, I think a fair amount of maintaince
is required for it to remain safely shielded (e.g. storage in
a dry, temperature-regulated facility, etc...) For private
ownership to be unregulated, I think a single individual must
be able not only to keep the weapon, but keep it in a safe
condition. If any random private citizen could not properly
keep, maintain and store a nuclear weapon, then some regulation
is clearly appropriate.

>>  Plus these things have no self-
>>defense purposes.  It's kinda hard to justify their use as
>>a militia weapon when at best they are meant for battlefield use
>>(low-yield weapons) or at worst for industrial target obliteration
>>(translation:  cities and population centers).

>	If the militia has as its job the overthrow of an illegal
>government, they are indeed useful weapons to the militia.

I disagree with this purpose: The job of the militia is to defend
themselves and their community. If you look at the American 
revolution as an example, the militias won by seperating themselves
from, and becoming independent of, a repressive government. They
didn't overthrow it, and those communities (Canada and England, for 
example) that didn't defend themselves were still under that same
old regime. If the role of the militia were offensive, to go out and
destroy repressive governments, nuclear weapons _might_ be appropriate.
But their jobs is defensive, and nuclear weapons aren't suited
for that.

There is also the question of personal and collective arms: The
Second Amendment definately protects ownership of personal
weapons (since the very nature of the militia requires members
to provide their own arms.) But it isn't clear if it covers
other arms. Certainly, not all members would supply (for example)
a tank, only a few could or (if they were to be used effectively)
should. However, those providing the heavy weapons have a 
disproportionate control over the militia and its fierpower.
The militias, as the framers envisioned them, were extremely
democratic: If only 50% of the members supported the cause, only
50% would respond to a muster, and the militia's firepower would
be proportionately reduced. Militia firepower and the popular
will were, therefore, linked. But if a small minority of the
members supplied a large fraction of the firepower (in the
form of heavy weapons) this would all change: The militia's
firepower would depend on the will of a small minority, not
of the general public. Worse, that minority would be quite
different from the general public (at the very least, they
would be much richer.) As a result, I think the nature and
character of the militia requires that each member provide
a roughly equal share of the militia's firepower: His personal
weapons, and some equitable fraction of a squad's heavier firepower.

                                                  Frank Crary
                                                  CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53359
From: bu008@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Brandon D. Ray)
Subject: Re: Statement of Sarah Brady Regarding Texas State Carrying Concealed Legislation


In a previous article, nigel.allen@canrem.com ("nigel allen") says:

>
>Here is a press release from Handgun Control Inc.
>
> Statement of Sarah Brady Regarding Texas State Carrying Concealed
>Legislation
> To: State Desk
> Contact: Susan Whitmore of Handgun Control Inc., 202-898-0792
>
>   WASHINGTON, March 25 -- Following is a statement of Sarah 
>Brady regarding Texas state carrying concealed legislation:
>
>   "A handful of lawmakers in Austin today have told the public that
>their safety is of less importance than the interests of the National
>Rifle Association.  This action comes as local, state and federal law
>enforcement officials continue their stand-off with a religious cult
>that has highlighted the need for tougher gun laws, not weaker ones
>like the carry concealed bill.

   "A handful of anti-gun zealots are telling the public that their
right to self-defense is of less importance than the interests of
Handgun Control, Inc.  This action comes as local, state and federal law
enforcement officials continue their assault on the Branch Davidian
compound--an assault which has already resulted in the death of one
two year old child at the hands of federal agents.  This has highlighted
the need for citizens to be able to defend themselves and their children
against the excesses of their own government."

>   "Any suggestion by proponents that this bill will help to reduce
>crime is a distortion of the facts, at best.  This so-called
>crime-fighting law has resulted in a 16 percent increase in violent
>crime in the state of Florida, and I have never heard law enforcement
>officials bragging that more guns on the streets is the way to reduce
>crime.

  "Any suggestion by opponents that this bill will increase crime is a 
distortion of the facts, at best.  The aggressive outreach by officials
in central Florida to train and arm women has led to a dramatic drop in
the level of assault and rape in that area.  Of course, this program is
a rare gem, as many law enforcement officials apparently believe that an
unarmed citizenry will be easier to control, and thus favor tighter 
restrictions."

>   "The vote today is an insult to the law enforcement officials who
>are putting their lives on the line every day to end the standoff in
>Waco.  The entire country now knows just how easy it is for an
>individual bent on destruction to amass an arsenal of weapons.  Texas
>lawmakers who voted for this concealed handgun bill have shown total
>disregard for those law officials on the front lines, and the
>families of those who have fallen.

   "The vote today is a tribute to the good sense of the public at large
who are putting their lives on the line every day as they go about their
lawful affairs.  The entire country knows how vulnerable the average 
citizen is, both to attacks from criminals and from armed assault by our
own police.  Texas lawmakers who voted for this concealed handgun bill have
shown total understanding for those innocent, law-abiding citizens on the
front lines, and the families of those who have fallen."

>   "I urge the House of Representatives to listen to the 70 percent
>of Texans that oppose this measure, and reject this ill-conceived
>legislation."

   "I urge the House of Representatives to pay attention to the needs
of their constituents, and not be stampeded by ill-conceived arguments
from ideological fanatics."

> -30-
>-- 
> Nigel Allen, Toronto, Ontario     nigel.allen@canrem.com
>--
>Canada Remote Systems - Toronto, Ontario
>416-629-7000/629-7044
>
Ain't propaganda fun?

-- 
******************************************************************************
The opinions expressed by the author are insightful, intelligent and very
carefully thought out.  It is therefore unlikely that they are shared by the
University of Iowa or Case Western Reserve University.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53361
From: cmort@NCoast.ORG (Christopher Morton)
Subject: Re: What if the Dividians were black?

As quoted from <1993Apr5.172734.8744@icd.ab.com> by kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead):

> oleary@cbnewsh.cb.att.com (brian.m.leary) writes:
> 
> > Questions for the media and the politically correct:
> > 
> > Try asking people who don't understand why anyone would worry about
> > the tactics used against the "child molesting, drug dealing, gun running, 
> > cop killing religious wackos in Waco" (1) these questions:
> > 
> > If the people in the compound were black and the guys in ninja suits
> > charging in with assault weapons and grenades were LAPD 
> > what would you think?
> 
> 
> The charges are essentially the same they used against Operation MOVE
> in Philadelphia a few years back, where the cops dropped an incendiary
> bomb on the roof of a tenement and burned down a whole block.
> 
> MOVE was a black group.

There were some significant differences.  Whereas the Branch Davidians are
reported to have gotten along rather well with their neighbors, the MOVE
people are generally conceded to have gone far out of the way to antagonize
their BLACK neighbors, using loudspeakers to all hours of the night, keeping
large piles of garbage, promoting rat and insect infestation, and allegedly
threatening to kidnap their neighbors' children.

Still the same sort of questions regarding use of force remain in that case.

-- 
===================================================================
"You're like a bunch of over-educated, New York jewish ACLU lawyers
fighting to eliminate school prayer from the public schools in
Arkansas" - Holly Silva

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53362
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C4tM1H.ECF@magpie.linknet.com>, manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>
>For chrissakes, take out your calculator and work out the numbers.
>Here... I've preformatted them for you to make it easier:
>
>			handgun homicides/population
>			----------------------------
>	Switzerland :	24 /  6,350,000
>	         UK :    8 / 55,670,000
>
>.... and then tell me again how Switzerland is safer with a more
>liberal handgun law than the UK is without...by RATE or TOTAL NUMBER.
>Your choice.

Please, PAY ATTENTION.
I, and others, were referring to TOTAL HOMICIDE DEATHS, NOT JUST
HANDGUN HOMICIDES.  In terms of how likely are you to be killed,
(regardless of how it's done, 'cause DEAD is DEAD), the UK has a
higher homicide rate. Period.  You are more likely to be killed in the
UK than in Switzerland.  If you were to be murdered with a handgun,
then yes, Switzerland has a higher rate.  But, to belabor the point,
you are MORE LIKELY to be murdered in the UK. In that sense, the
weapon is irrelevant.  The UK is more violent, period.

Al
[standard disclaimer]

>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53363
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C4tsHu.Ew6@magpie.linknet.com>, manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:

>
>What relevance are ALL homicides in this debate?  What do you think gun
>control advocates are saying: that if we get rid of all handguns we will
>live in a homicide-free world?

They sure make it sound like that.

>
>The issue is guns, not baseball bats.  Even a simpleton knows that
>he stands a better chance of surviving an attack with a baseball bat...
>certainly of outrunning a bat-wielding assailant.
>

Even a simpleton knows a baseball bat is considered a deadly weapon. 
If one cannot run away (e.g. old, infirm, even middle-aged if the
assailant is younger), a handgun is the most effective means of
defense. You won't even have to fire a shot 98% of the time.

>As for knives, see my earlier post.  I'd much rather face a knife
>than a gun, thanks.  Fortunately, the best defense against a knife isn't
>another knife.  Anyone trained in unarmed self-defense won't have
>much of a problem disarming a knife assailant untrained in knife
>assault (which probably means 99.9% of knife assailants).

Any real streetfighter (and there are LOTS of them), with or without a
knife, will kick the living sh** out of most people "trained in
unarmed self defense".  For the majority of people, a gun is the most
effective form of self defense.

Al
[standard disclaimer]



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53364
Subject: Re: Nazi memoribilia
From: cmay@helium.gas.uug.arizona.edu (Christopher C May)

In <1993Apr2.232511.10711@raid.dell.com> mikepb@lupus.dell.com (Michael P. Brininstool) writes:

>Swatikas were also common in American Indian markings/painted walls etc.  Is
>it the Swastika that is bad?  

Just want to back this up with a personal anecdote.  My grandparents
have a Navajo rug made in the 1920's, which they received in trade 
from the weaver while living in Flagstaff, Arizona.  The decorative motif
consists of 4 large black swastikas, one in each corner.  What's more, the
color scheme is black, white, and red.  To the casual glance it would
undoubtedly appear to be a Nazi relic of some kind.  Yet they owned it
ten years before Hitler and the National Socialists came to power.  

As I recall, they took it down in the 30's, and didn't feel quite right
about putting it back up until the 60's.  It still draws comments from 
those who don't know what it is.

--ccm

-- 
Christopher C. May * U. of Ariz. Coll. of Medicine '93 * cmay@ccit.arizona.edu
+=============================================================================+
| Do your part for Liberty: Teach your children to hate Big Government.       |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Do you care about freedom? Dreams may have inspired it, and wishes promoted | 
|     it, but only war and weapons have made it yours. -- Robert Ardrey       |
| Armaque in armatos sumere jura sinunt. -- Ovid                              | 
| The wise man's understanding inclineth him toward his right hand, but a     |
|     fool's heart turneth him to the left. -- Ecclesiastes 10:2              | +-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
--
Christopher C. May * U. of Ariz. Coll. of Medicine '93 * cmay@ccit.arizona.edu
+=============================================================================+
| Do your part for Liberty: Teach your children to hate Big Government.       |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53365
From: hays@ssd.intel.com (Kirk Hays)
Subject: Re: Nazi memoribilia

In article <cmay.734085409@helium>, cmay@helium.gas.uug.arizona.edu (Christopher C May) writes:
|> In <1993Apr2.232511.10711@raid.dell.com> mikepb@lupus.dell.com (Michael P. Brininstool) writes:
|> 
|> >Swatikas were also common in American Indian markings/painted walls etc.  Is
|> >it the Swastika that is bad?  
|> 
|> Just want to back this up with a personal anecdote.  My grandparents
|> have a Navajo rug made in the 1920's, which they received in trade 
|> from the weaver while living in Flagstaff, Arizona.  The decorative motif
|> consists of 4 large black swastikas, one in each corner.  What's more, the
|> color scheme is black, white, and red.  To the casual glance it would
|> undoubtedly appear to be a Nazi relic of some kind.  Yet they owned it
|> ten years before Hitler and the National Socialists came to power.  
|> 
|> As I recall, they took it down in the 30's, and didn't feel quite right
|> about putting it back up until the 60's.  It still draws comments from 
|> those who don't know what it is.

Having lived, played, and worked on and near the Navajo reservation
for a number of years, I can confirm this is an ancient pattern,
found in petroglyphs dated 800 to 1200 years old.

Also, the Indians never stopped making rugs with this pattern - they
just stopped selling them after the Nazi's pre-empted the swastika.

Note also that the Indian versions use both clockwise and
counter-clockwise swastikas.

Ob guns:  It's the rare Navaho family that doesn't own a rifle. 
They remember being "relocated" by the US Army, and don't intend to
do it again.  The Hopi, on the other hand, have a dislike for
weapons, from my experience.  Perhaps they just hide them better
from strangers.

-- 
Kirk Hays - NRA Life, seventh generation.
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to
do nothing."  -- Edmund Burke (1729-1797)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53366
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: National Crime Survey

      Well, I dropped by the library yesterday, and picked up back copies
of the National Crime Survey (1986-1990) in an effort to examine what
it said about self-defense with a firearm.

      I haven't ground through much in the way of numbers yet, but a couple
of things jumped out at me.  First only 1986 and 1987 specify the type of
weapon used in self defense.  1988, 1989, and 1990 refer only to "weapon."
The second is that while assaults rose about 3% from 1986 to 1987, w/gun
defenses reported *fell* by almost 25%.  Unless there's an explanation for
this, I'm tempted to mark it as a reporting problem, and as such going 
ahead with any examination of the numbers would be a waste of time.

      Anybody have an idea what might have cause a real difference, and
not just a reporting difference?  The survey doesn't appear to have
changed significantly between 1986 and 1987.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu  

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53367
From: dlb5404@tamuts.tamu.edu (Daryl Biberdorf)
Subject: Re: Do they really believe?

In article <1993Apr5.150031.3123@colorado.edu> ajteel@dendrite.cs.Colorado.EDU (A.J. Teel) writes:
>
>	Q: Do you think that HIC et al really believe that the laws
>that they are trying to get passed are for the good or are they just
>lying through their teeth and trying to disarm the populace?

I think that HCI people honestly believe that passing more gun control
laws will be in the best interests of public safety.  Why do I think
this?  Because I used to buy the HCI line.  During my freshman year (1987),
their line made so much sense -- only people who "need" guns should be
able to get them, and the people who "need" them are the police and
other elites.  Unfortunately for us, this position is highly emotional
and not well thought-out.  They never stop to think that HCI's position
basically says that the non-elite are incompetents (that's you and me,
folks!) and that the Second Amendment has absolutely nothing to do with
hunting or other "legitimate" uses (which excludes overthrowing tyrannical
governments and defending yourself when the police have proven they
can't protect you).

>	We all know that the end result, regardless of the intention,
>will be to have a MUCH easier to subdue population for the UN/NWO.
>This is definitely a motivation of many in power, but I wonder to
>what degree this is planned vs just duped.

Every pro-control person I've talked to is always left  stumped when I
simply argue the facts of gun control (that it has yet to be proven to
lower crime rates) and weapons terminology (and I'm no expert -- but
explaining exactly how an "evil" semiautomatic weapon really works
does wonders).

I hvae personally found well-reasoned arguments to be most effective
against the emotional pro-control people.  The trick is to get them to
realize that the Second Amendment exists not for hunters but for the
oppressed and the terrorized.

Daryl
             Daryl Biberdorf  N5GJM    d-biberdorf@tamu.edu
               + Sola Gratia + Sola Fide + Sola Scriptura

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53368
From: dale@access.digex.com (Dale Farmer)
Subject: Re: Gun Control: proud to be a Canuck

Frank Crary (fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU) wrote:
: In article <1pqsruINNiae@hp-col.col.hp.com> dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff) writes:
: The Swiss population is (and well was) far larger than that. I think
: your question should be, "...losing sleep over a million expert
: riflemen?" Certainly he could have conquered Switzerland, but
: a million armed militiamen (especially in a mountainous area, 
: where tanks' effectiveness is limited) would have made it a
: real pain. The question a conqueror would ask, is "is it worth 
: the trouble?" The more difficult an invasion is, the more likely
: the answer would be "no." Certainly a million riflemen (as
: opposed to a professional army of only ten or twenty thousand, the
: best a country the size of Switzerland could support), makes
: invasions more difficult.

   Hitler invaded Yugoslavia and occupied it.  The mountainous portions were
sometimes patrolled by the wermacht, but they were certainly not in control.
There were two major native factions opposing each other and the germans,
It was basically useless to the germans (no production) and a drain on their
resources (a armored division and a couple of infantry divisions) Which if
my memory is correct, were kind of stuck there up until the allies accepted
their surrender.  (I think that the allies also let the germans keep some 
of their weapons for self defense unitil they were able to get to the 
lowlands, away from the resistance factions.  This is from memory, and 
it is unreliable.  

--Dale Farmer


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53369
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: I believe in gun control.

In article <C4vG3F.Kx3@apollo.hp.com>, nelson_p@apollo.hp.com (Peter Nelson) writes:
> cj195@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (John W. Redelfs) writes:
>>I believe in gun control.  How about you?
>
>  I believe in gun control, too . . . assuming by "gun control"
>  you mean always being able to hit your target.
>
>
>---peter
>
   Or, how about the Clint Eastwood line in "Pink Cadillac" -
      "I believe in gun control.  If there's a gun around, I wanna be
       the one controlling it."

Al
[standard disclaimer]


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53370
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: Lavishly Funded "Gun Epidemic" Propaganda Campaign to Commence

In article <C4txEK.FCq@magpie.linknet.com>, manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>Morris the Cat (rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com) wrote:
>
>: Well, as Neal Knox of the Firearms Coalition points out, the full
>: force of the anti-gun ruling class, their multi-millions, their
>: polling organizations, their schools, their news media, their
>: "entertainment" media
>
>The entertainment media... a "force of the anti-gun ruling class"??
>Is this the same media that's made billions producing films and
>television that glorify guns and gun users?  Or is that another
>anti-gun media?
>
>You've got to be kidding.

I'm afraid he isn't.  They are a hypocritical lot.  

Al
[standard disclaimer]


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53371
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: Gun Control: proud to be a Canuck

In article <1pqsruINNiae@hp-col.col.hp.com>, dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff) writes:
>Does anyone really believe the Swiss have had no war within their borders
>because every adult male owns a rifle? I'm a great admirer of the Swiss, but
>500 years of peace on their turf has zilch to do with gun ownership. Can you
>picture Hitler, with Panzers and Focke-Wulfs poised on the border, losing
>sleep over a few thousand expert rifleman? 

Not just because of the riflemen.  They also have many hard bunkers in
the mountains that would be nearly impossible to penetrate. As for
tanks, they would be rather useless in such mountainous terrain.  

>Hitler stayed out of Switzerland because the Swiss run the money in this
>world. 

Gee, that's a new one.  He thought it was a different ethnic group.  
Since Hitler was determined to control, at the least, all of Europe,
do you think he gave a damn about international monetary concerns?  
Also, there's a LOT of gold in Swiss vaults.  Don't you think he new
that?  If he could have, he would have taken Switzerland.  However,
crazy as he was, he wasn't totally stupid.  It would have cost him a
hell of a lot to take Switzerland, with no guarantee that an invasion
would be successful.  He probably figured (or his generals did, when
he was listening to them) that it wasn't worth the cost.

Al
[standard disclaimer]



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53372
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: Gun Control


In article <C51L52.BGo@magpie.linknet.com>, manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>
>I would be surprised if there weren't contrary studies.  I might add that
>Sloan and Kellerman was endorsed by the police departments of both Seattle
>and Vancouver and is considered by most of the references I have at hand the
>most exhaustive study of its kind, even by those who take issue with some of
>the essay's conclusions.  S&K's statistics speak largely for themselves
>without postulate.

And, I might add, vitamin C has been endorsed by a Nobel Laureate as a
panacea for almost everything from the common cold to cancer.  

> In order to compare violent crime trends, S&K compared >all<
>violent crime categories, from simple assault through various mechanisms of
>homicide.  

Wait a minute. S&K did NOT compare trends.  If they did, they would
have seen that the advent of Canada's gun law had no effect on
homicides, total or handgun.  Without a pre- vs. post comparison, one
cannot speculate as to the utility of anything.  All they have is a
correlation, and correlation DOES NOT prove causality.


>If your point is that non-whites commit more handgun crimes than whites
>then yours is the dubious assumption.  Conventional social theory is that
>economic status, not color, is the primary motivating factor for crime,
>especially violent crime.  What's your point anyway, that white people
>are more responsible gun owners?  Should we assume that it's a coincidence
>that there are comparitively fewer white people earning below the poverty
>line and living in tenement neighborhoods where most violent crime occurs?

Hold it again. You dismiss a point about demographics, then you ask
about socio-economic demographics? Very slick.
>
>:    Differences between the two cities in the
>:    permit regulations render these two numbers strictly noncomparable.
>
>On the contrary, it's these differences that are the very basis of the study:
>the easy availability of legal handguns in Seattle and the much more
>difficult "restricted-weapons" permit required in Vancouver.

Once again, correlation does not prove causality.  Looking at pre-vs.
post data, the Canadian gun law had no effect.

>
>Not so.  Cook measures suicides and assaultive homicides with
>firearms against a survey-based estimate of the number of legal and
>illegal guns in circulation within a city.  

Sir, if you were a Canadian, and owned a gun before the restrictive
gun laws were passed, and decided to hide it rather than turn it in,
would you answer truthfully a question about gun ownership from
someone who calls, writes, or asks you on the street?  That is one
problem with surveys.  Nobody will answer an incriminating question.
Another is that people will often tell you what they THINK you want to
here.

>
>Again, your author misses the core issue: that Vancouver citizens are
>prohibited from purchasing handguns on the basis of self-defense.  They
>don't have a choice in the matter.

Does that mean no Vancouver citizens have handguns? I think not. You
are discounting guns purchased beforehand, and guns purchased for
purposes other than self-defense, which can also be used for defense.

>
>Hmmm... sounds like your author might like a bumper sticker that reads "Guns
>don't kill people, black people kill people!"  Honestly, his conjectures,
>backed up by zero evidence, zero studies and even less common sense, aren't
>worth the considerable time it must have taken you to type in.  His
>assumptions look frighteningly close to those pseudo-scientific "studies"
>that the white supremist assholes love... the crap that takes published
>statistics, twisted around in an attempt to prove the inherent criminal
>nature of black people.

He makes valid points about demographic differences.  You then resort
to the kind of argument that the "Politically Correct" movement often
uses to stifle any debate.  Nice, real nice.


>This author's essay contains 0% independent study upon which to base his
>conclusions, just some strained, disjointed statistical discourse attempting
>to blame Seattle's murder rate on blacks. 

One doesn't have to produce his own data in order to point out the
flaws in the methodology and conclusions of another's study. Again,
you resort to PC tactics.


Al
[standard disclaimer]


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 53373
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Another NYTimes Yellow-Sheet Editorial (4/4/93)

In article <1pmol6INNod9@gap.caltech.edu>, arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:
> 
> >*  Thanks to the N.R.A., the A.T.F. is prohibited from researching the
> >effectiveness of using taggants in explosives, Taggants are a cheap
> >and technologically feasible microscopic additive that would help
> >investigators at crime scenes - like the World Trade Center bombing
> >- trace the explosives involved.
> 
> I want this man to tell me how in the hell you can take the 
> explosives used in the WTC bombing, considering that the 
> consensus seems to be that the explosive was a fertilizer-based
> one. 

Proper counter to this claim:  "Forensic analysis of the WTC bomb by
means of taggants would have been as impossible as semantic analysis
of NYT editorials by means of taggants -- the difficulty in both cases
being to have persuaded the bull to consume the taggants before 
production of either item."
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54116
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card
From: steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu (Jason 'Think!' Steiner)

Jason Kratz (U28037@uicvm.uic.edu) writes:
> PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal) says:
> >Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
> >
> >Don't be silly.  Of course you can.  The police have everything 
> >the gangs have and then some.  Plus they've got access to the 
> >National Guard (via the Governor) if things get too rough.  That's 
> >tanks for those of you who've never seen them at play.  Of course, 
> >they've got rifles and helicopters.
> >
> >And as far as fully-automatic weapons, you can be a lot better
> >armed if you want to hit what you aim at.
>
> What seems to be happening here is the situation getting totally 
> blown out of proportion.  In my post I was referring to your 
> regular patrolman in a car cruising around the city vs. gang 
> members.  Of course the police have access to the things that you 
> mentioned but do they use tanks and such all of the time?  Of 
> course they don't and that's the point I was trying to make.  Every 
> day when I go out to lunch I always see cops coming in.  The 
> majority that I see are still carrying revolvers.  Not that there 
> is anything wrong with a revolver but if you're a cop that is up 
> against some gang member with a couple of automatics in his coat (I 
> mean semi-auto handguns) you're going to be at a disadvantage even 
> with training.

how so? i think you're making assumptions here that might not 
necessarily be true. -my- personal choice would be a semi-auto, but 
revolvers are just as effective, if not more so.

> I have been at a shooting range where gang gang members were 
> "practicing" shooting.  They were actually practicing taking out 
> their guns as quick as possible and shooting at the target and they 
> weren't doing too badly either.

relevancy, please? you sound shocked, but that hardly proves anything.

> The University cops here (who are are state cops) are armed better 
> than the Chicago police.  It seems most state cops are.  I don't 
> know where you are originally from David but you live in Tennesse 
> and I live in Chicago and see this crap everyday on the news and in 
> the papers.  I think the situation is just a tad different here 
> than there.

wait, doesn't Chicago have -serious- gun control? if so, why do the
police need all that firepower in the first place? (sarcasm alert)

all the patrol cars i've seen around here have shotguns clamped to 
the dash board. IMHO, that's all the police need to outgun just about 
anything.

jason

--
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`
`,` The Crystal Wind is the Storm, and the Storm is Data, and the Data  `,`
`,`  is Life -- The Player's Litany, from _The Long Run_ by D.K. Moran  `,`
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,` steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu `,`,`,`

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54117
From: cathy@LANCE.ColoState.Edu (Cathy Smith)
Subject: Letter to a Liberal Colleague -- L. Neil Smith

Posted by Cathy Smith for L. Neil Smith

                   LETTER TO A LIBERAL COLLEAGUE

[AUTHOR'S NOTE:  "Adrian" -- name changed to protect the guilty -- 
and the author are science fiction novelists who once worked with 
the same editor at a famous New York publishing house.]

Dear Adrian:  

I'm way behind schedule on my current book again, so this reply to 
your note -- criticizing the recent magazine interview I gave and 
generally attacking gun ownership -- will necessarily consist 
mostly of assertions you're free to believe (or not) I can back 
with evidence and logic I've neither time nor energy to present 
now.  I've written fully on this topic before and will again in the 
future.  When I do, I'll make sure you get copies.  

There are many arguments I might make, from the futility and danger 
of delegating self-defense to the police (see Don Kates in the Jan. 
10, 1985 WALL STREET JOURNAL) to the real effect of prohibition, 
shifting consumers from newly-outlawed handguns or semiautomatic 
rifles to items like sawed-off shotguns or homemade bombs, but I'll 
limit myself here to commenting on the newspaper clipping you sent 
with your note.  

First, the freedom to own and carry the weapon of your choice is a 
natural, fundamental, and inalienable human, individual, civil, and 
Constitutional right -- subject neither to the democratic process 
nor to arguments grounded in social utility.  

Second, publication of some latter-day "scientific study" doesn't 
alter the fact that the gun prohibitionists I discussed in my 
interview -- annoying you so much in the process -- were lying.  

Third, the freedom to own and carry the weapon of your choice is a 
natural, fundamental, and inalienable human, individual, civil, and 
Constitutional right -- subject neither to the democratic process 
nor to arguments grounded in social utility.  

Fourth, as often happens with these things, the "study" doesn't 
support the gun prohibitionists' original numerical contentions 
anyway, but simply adds a new layer of spurious claims to an older 
body of lies, omissions, and distortions.  

Fifth, the freedom to own and carry the weapon of your choice is a 
natural, fundamental, and inalienable human, individual, civil, and 
Constitutional right -- subject neither to the democratic process 
nor to arguments grounded in social utility.  

Sixth, the fact that gun prohibitionists have been caught lying on 
countless occasions (Carl Bakal, author of NO RIGHT TO KEEP AND 
BEAR ARMS, even confessed to it publicly) makes the value of this 
present "study" dubious, to say the least.  

Seventh, the freedom to own and carry the weapon of your choice is 
a natural, fundamental, and inalienable human, individual, civil, 
and Constitutional right -- subject neither to the democratic 
process nor to arguments grounded in social utility.  

Eighth, given your own lifelong service as a federal bureaucrat 
(not to mention the cynical sophistication of your fiction), you 
should be better aware than most people how "progress" -- in 
designing "studies" to prove whatever you want -- outstrips our 
ability to collect meaningful data.  A case in point we might agree 
on is the fact that it took another kind of prohibitionist 20 or 30 
years to create "studies" "proving" that pornography causes crime.  
More naive (and probably more honest) efforts in the 50s and 60s 
clearly indicate the contrary.  

Ninth, the freedom to own and carry the weapon of your choice is a 
natural, fundamental, and inalienable human, individual, civil, and 
Constitutional right -- subject neither to the democratic process 
nor to arguments grounded in social utility.  

Tenth, another reason to doubt all such "studies" is that human 
behavior (as the Austrian School of economics demonstrates) is far
too complex and unpredictable to be meaningfully quantified.  The 
attempt to do so -- and then create public policy based on the 
resulting pseudo-information -- is wrecking our civilization.  

Eleventh, the freedom to own and carry the weapon of your choice is 
a natural, fundamental, and inalienable human, individual, civil, 
and Constitutional right -- subject neither to the democratic 
process nor to arguments grounded in social utility.  

Twelfth, the "study" is also worthless because it incorporates 
figures for suicide, which is not necessarily a tragedy but 
basically another individual right, sometimes with ancillary social 
benefits.  If anything, perhaps suicide INTERVENTION should be a 
criminal offense.  

Thirteenth and finally, the National Rifle Association officials 
quoted in the article, whatever their shortcomings (and they are 
many), are correct in this instance:  the "study" is meaningless 
because the freedom to own and carry the weapon of your choice is a 
natural, fundamental, and inalienable human, individual, civil, and 
Constitutional right -- subject neither to the democratic process 
nor to arguments grounded in social utility.  

And because of that, Adrian, even if the "study" were valid, it 
wouldn't deter me from a lifelong personal objective of seeing that 
anyone can own any weapon he or she prefers and carry it however, 
whenever, and wherever he or she desires without asking anybody's 
permission. In this I'm ably assisted by gun prohibitionists 
themselves, whose yawping invariably moves previously unarmed 
people to go out and buy their first gun "while they still can".  
Before the '68 Gun Control Act, most of the "shooting fraternity" 
viewed handguns (incorrectly, as it turned out) as inaccurate, 
ineffective toys.  There probably weren't six million of them in 
the whole country.  Now, thanks to Kennedy, Metzenbaum, the Bradys, 
and their ilk -- AMERICA'S GREATEST SPORTING GOODS SALES TEAM -- we 
probably manufacture at least that many every year.

The fascinating datum is that Handgun Control, et al. are perfectly 
aware of this -- so I guess you'll have to ask them yourself what 
their real motives are.  

Look:  gun-making isn't an arcane or difficult art (and by the way, 
it's easier to make a fully automatic weapon than a semiautomatic; 
the fact that I can still obtain my own weapon of preference, the 
self-loading pistol, is the only thing which keeps me from pursuing 
this further).  Even if it were difficult, there are already a 
quarter billion firearms in America, with an estimated "half life" 
of 1000 years -- possibly more for stainless steel.  Guns are gonna 
be around a long time, Adrian, whether you like it or not.

As for me, to paraphrase Elmer Keith, regardless of what the law 
provides or any court decides, I'm always going to be armed.  And I 
will always work to see that others are, as well.  The bad news is 
that there are thousands more -- perhaps even hundreds of thousands 
-- where I come from.  We can't be stopped by passing laws, we can 
only be forced to arm ourselves and others secretly and -- given 
both the practical and alleged differences between full automatics 
and semiautomatics -- perhaps more efficiently.  

So what's the point?  

L. Neil Smith
Author:  THE PROBABILITY BROACH, THE CRYSTAL EMPIRE, HENRY MARTYN, 
and (forthcoming) PALLAS
LEVER ACTION BBS (303) 493-6674, FIDOnet: 1:306/31.4
Libertarian Second Amendment Caucus
NRA Life Member

My opinions are, of course, my own.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54118
From: jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

In article <1993Apr14.183025.29688@sco.com>, allanh@sco.COM (Allan J. Heim) writes:
> 
> papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod):
> 
>    >Drugs are banned, please tell me when this supply will dry up?
> 
>    Drugs are easier to manufacture, easier to smuggle, easier to hide.
>    No comparison.
> 
> Then let's use another example--alcoholic beverages.  Bottles of whiskey
> are larger, heavier, and more fragile than bags of drugs.  Barrels and
> kegs are larger and heavier still, and are difficult to manipulate.
> Yet, a lot of people managed to get very rich off of the smuggling of
> booze into this country during the years of Prohibition.  There was a
> demand, so an entire industry formed to supply it.

	If alcohol were again banned today, it would be MUCH more
	difficult to manage a large-scale smuggling operation. 
	The cops now rank just a narrow notch below the military
	in communications, intelligence gathering and firepower.

	In a similar vein, the amount of marijuana smuggled into
	this country has greatly decreased. This is because its
	value-per-pound is very low when compared to cocaine or
	heroin. It's simply not worth the risk, it's uneconomical.
	Now, most reefer is domestic. There is less pressure on
	the domestic producer (showy raids notwithstanding) and
	thus it is economical. Of note though ... domestic reefer
	is now very strong, so a small volume goes a long way.
	You cannot make alcohol stronger than 200 proof - not a
	good dollar/pound deal. 

	Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.
	It would not be economic to smuggle them in. All production
	would have to be local. There are not all that many people
	who have both the skill AND motivation to assemble worthwhile
	firearms from scratch. High-ranking crime figures could
	obtain imported Uzis and such, but the average person, and
	average thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun - and would
	pay through the nose for it. 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54119
From: scottj@magic.dml.georgetown.edu (John L. Scott)
Subject: Re: That silly outdated Bill (was Re: Koresh and Miranda)

I wrote :
  Nice strawman indeed.  The discussion is not about whether there were
tanks
  used in sixties riots; instead, it is about whether those tanks fired
their
  main guns in one of those riots.  You claim they did.  That claim is
  ludicrous.

Awesley replied:
     I repeated what I had been told, under what context I had heard it,
  supporting the claim that tanks were indeed used in Detroit in 67.

The issue has never been whether tanks were used in Detroit in 1967.  It
has been whether they fired their main guns.  You did not merely claim that
tanks were used--you claimed that they fired their main guns to suppress
sniper fire and that they were "quite" effective at this.  You continue to
back away from this claim and defend something else that nobody is
disputing.

Awesley went on:
  I
  spent a few minutes in a library today -- found their computer was
  down and they don't have a card catalog.  Anyway, it took about 10
  minutes to find this in _Nightmare in Detroit, A Rebellion and It's
  Victims_ by Sauter and Hines, on page 133, telling of the death of
  Tonia Blanding, age 4.
   
        "When the tank was fired upon by snipers it turned in the direction
  the shots came from. [...] the fifty-caliber machine gun mounted on the
  tank belched fire into the buildings.  After a short round into the front
  of the buildings, the tank guns spit again, tearing apart huge holes out
  of the side of the apartment."
  
       Well, it's not the main gun.  

"Well, it's not the main gun."  Gee, that's only the entire point.  Are you
now going to admit that you were wrong?

I wrote:
  will I see any pictures of tanks firing their main
  guns?  Will I see pictures of buildings damaged by the shells?  Will I
read
  the reports of the tank fire?  I'll bet you dollar to doughnuts I won't. 
  It will take more than second-hand accounts from a few old National Guard
  sergeants shooting the shit to convince me that tanks shelled American
  cities in the Sixties.

Awesley replied:
    Well, if you bothered to read them, it wouldn't take long at all to
  find reports of tank * fire * -- although not necessarily of the main
  guns.

I will never read of tanks firing their main guns in Detroit in the '67
riots.  There is simply no way that such an event could have taken place
without it being common knowledge even 26 years later.  The American
military firing shells from tanks in American cities on blacks would have
been *big* news.

Awesley goes on:
  You can also read of the troops using grenade launchers.

To fire fragmentary grenades?  I doubt that as well.  To fire concussion
grenades?  Perhaps.  To fire tear gas?  Certainly.  But you would be
perfectly willing to let us believe they fired frags, wouldn't you, since
it makes your other claim seem more plausible.

And on:
  I don't
  expect to convince you; you'll have to open your mind and eyes and
actually
  do a little research to be convinced one way or the other.  Let me know
  what you find.

I already know what you found: nothing.  If I claimed that the Marines used
F-4s to launch rockets at buildings in Trenton, New Jersey would you
believe me?  Would you suspend judgment until you had a chance to research
it?  Or would your bullshit filters kick in?

If tanks had fired their main guns in Detroit, people would have been
screaming about it for the past two and half decades.  I would know about
it.  Unless you also claim that the National Guard managed to cover it up. 
If your mind is open enough to believe that, well, good for you.  I prefer
to live in reality.   And here in reality, I find it hard to believe that
those tanks even had any shells, much less fired them.

--John L. Scott

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54120
From: vincent@cad.gatech.edu (Vincent Fox)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In <93104.173826U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
[deleted]
[]       And as far as fully-automatic weapons, you can be a lot better
[]armed if you want to hit what you aim at.
[]
>What seems to be happening here is the situation getting totally blown out of
>proportion.  In my post I was referring to your regular patrolman in a car
>cruising around the city vs. gang members.  Of course the police have access
>to the things that you mentioned but do they use tanks and such all of the
>time?  Of course they don't and that's the point I was trying to make.  Every
>day when I go out to lunch I always see cops coming in.  The majority that I
>see are still carrying revolvers.  Not that there is anything wrong with a
>revolver but if you're a cop that is up against some gang member with a couple
>of automatics in his coat (I mean semi-auto handguns) you're going to be at a
>disadvantage even with training.  I have been at a shooting range where gang
>gang members were "practicing" shooting.  They were actually practicing
>taking out their guns as quick as possible and shooting at the target
>and they weren't doing too badly either.   The University cops here (who are
>are state cops) are armed better than the Chicago police.  It seems most
>state cops are.

Define "armed better". Go shoot a revolver and a semi-auto like the
Colt .45. Does one fires faster than the other? Nope. Aside from which
faster rate of fire is usually not desirable. Sure it makes the other
guys duck for cover, but just *YOU* trying hitting anything with a Thompson
in hose-mode. This is why the military is limiting it's M-16 now to
3-round burst-fire. Simple semi-auto would be better, but the troops
like to be able to rock and roll even if it is wasteful of ammo (something
often in short supply when the enemy is plentiful).

A revolver is equally capable as a semi-auto in the same caliber.

- A revolver also has the advantage that if it misfires you just pull
  the trigger again.
- A double-action revolver (almost all of them) can be hand-cocked first,
  but will fire merely by pulling the trigger.
- A misfire in a revolver merely means you must pull the trigger again
  to rotate to the next round.
- A revolver can be carried with the 6th chamber empty and under the
  hammer for maximum safety, but still can be drawn and fired with an
  easy motion, even one handed.
- Speedloaders for a revolver allow reloads almost as fast as magazines
  on semi-autos. Can be faster depending on users.

- A misfire in a semi-auto will require you to clear a jammed shell
  first, time spent which can be fatal. And a vital second or so is often
  lost as you realize "hey, it's jammed!" before starting to do anything
  about clearing it.
- Most semi-autos must have the slide worked to chamber the first round
  and cock the hammer. Some police carry their semi-autos with the 
  chamber loaded and hammer cocked, but a safety engaged. I do not consider
  this safe however. You must trade-off safety to get the same speed
  of employment as a revolver.
- There are some double-action semi-autos out there, but the complexity of
  operation of many of them requires more training.

Some police departments switched to Glocks, and then started quietly
switching many officers back to the old revolvers. Too many were having
accidents, partly due to the poor training they received. Not that Glocks
require rocket scientists, but some cops are baffled by something as complex
as the timer on a VCR.

Anyone who goes anyone saying that the criminals obviously outgun
the police don't know nothing about firearms. Turn off COPS and Hunter
and pay attention. I do not seek here to say "semi-autos are junk"
merely that assuming they are better for all jobs is stupid. A cop
with a revolver on his hip and a shotgun in the rack is more than
equipped for anything short of a riot.

Gun control is hitting what you aim at. If you whip out a 
wonder-nine and fire real fast you may find you don't hit anything.
Good controlled fire from a revolver is more likely to get you a hit.
I own a 9mm Beretta myself but consider it inferior as a carry weapon
to something like the Ruger Security Six revolver. If I haven't hit
what I'm aiming at in the first 5 shots, something is quite seriously
wrong somewheres. While I might like having the backup capacity of those
extra shots in certain cases, overwhelmingly the # of shots fired in
criminal encounters is less than 5.

What do crooks overwhelmingly use in crime? Why the same nice simple
.38 revolvers that the police often use. Well actually some police 
prefer the much heftier .357 Magnum, but anyway.....

ObPlea: Don't flame me, I prefer semi-autos for most things. But they 
        introduce unneccessary complications to something as nerve-wracking
        as an abrupt encounter with a lone criminal.

-- 
"If everything had gone as planned, everything would have been perfect."
	-BATF spokesperson on CNN 3/2/93, regarding failed raid attempt in TX.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54121
From: vincent@cad.gatech.edu (Vincent Fox)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In <93104.173826U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
[deleted]
>The University cops here (who are
>are state cops) are armed better than the Chicago police.  It seems most
>state cops are.  I don't know where you are originally from David but you live
>in Tennesse and I live in Chicago and see this crap everyday on the news
>and in the papers.  I think the situation is just a tad different here
>than there.

Which crap, the ridiculous assertions that Uzis are mowing down cops
right and left? The assertions that dialing 911 should be the proper
and only option available to the law-abiding citizens?

A factoid:

56 cops were killed in the whole country last year. This is down from
around 100 in the early '80s. Wow, a real explosion in cop killings
there eh?  :-)

-- 
"If everything had gone as planned, everything would have been perfect."
	-BATF spokesperson on CNN 3/2/93, regarding failed raid attempt in TX.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54122
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1qiebiINN1c1@cae.cad.gatech.edu> vincent@cad.gatech.edu (Vincent Fox) writes:
>In <93104.173826U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>[deleted]
>>The University cops here (who are
>>are state cops) are armed better than the Chicago police.  It seems most
>>state cops are.  I don't know where you are originally from David but you live
>>in Tennesse and I live in Chicago and see this crap everyday on the news
>>and in the papers.  I think the situation is just a tad different here
>>than there.
>
>Which crap, the ridiculous assertions that Uzis are mowing down cops
>right and left? The assertions that dialing 911 should be the proper
>and only option available to the law-abiding citizens?
>
>A factoid:
>
>56 cops were killed in the whole country last year. This is down from
>around 100 in the early '80s. Wow, a real explosion in cop killings
>there eh?  :-)

        Well, if we're going to discuss being a police officer in
America today.       

        The FBI lists 132 police officers killed (feloniously and
accidentally) in 1990.  That's apparently everybody at all levels.

Year        Officers killed       Rate/100,000 police officers
1982             164*                  47.6
1983             152**                 40.2
1984             147                   39.4
1985             148***                37.9
1986             133                   34.9
1987             148                   39.0
1988             155****               41.9
1989             145*****              38.1
1990             132                   32.0


* Includes one officer in Mariana Islands
** Includes one officer each in Guam and Mariana Islands
*** Includes one officer in Guam and two in foreign locations
**** Includes one officer in American Samoas and two in foreign countries
***** Includes one officer in Guam and one Federal officer killed in
Peru


       God, I love the information age!  :-) 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54123
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

In article <1993Apr14.184448.2331@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>In article <1993Apr14.183025.29688@sco.com>, allanh@sco.COM (Allan J. Heim) writes:
>> 
>> papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod):
>> 
>>    >Drugs are banned, please tell me when this supply will dry up?
>> 
>>    Drugs are easier to manufacture, easier to smuggle, easier to hide.
>>    No comparison.
>> 
>> Then let's use another example--alcoholic beverages.  Bottles of whiskey
>> are larger, heavier, and more fragile than bags of drugs.  Barrels and
>> kegs are larger and heavier still, and are difficult to manipulate.
>> Yet, a lot of people managed to get very rich off of the smuggling of
>> booze into this country during the years of Prohibition.  There was a
>> demand, so an entire industry formed to supply it.
>
>	If alcohol were again banned today, it would be MUCH more
>	difficult to manage a large-scale smuggling operation. 
>	The cops now rank just a narrow notch below the military
>	in communications, intelligence gathering and firepower.
>
>	In a similar vein, the amount of marijuana smuggled into
>	this country has greatly decreased. This is because its
>	value-per-pound is very low when compared to cocaine or
>	heroin. It's simply not worth the risk, it's uneconomical.
>	Now, most reefer is domestic. There is less pressure on
>	the domestic producer (showy raids notwithstanding) and
>	thus it is economical. 

       Here's a question:  If most marijuana is domestic and
producing it here is economical, why would we expect it to be
imported?

>       Of note though ... domestic reefer
>	is now very strong, so a small volume goes a long way.
>	You cannot make alcohol stronger than 200 proof - not a
>	good dollar/pound deal. 

       Yet it was done.  Done quite successfully for a number of years.
*Somebody* thought it was worth the risk.

>	Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.
>	It would not be economic to smuggle them in. 

       Your assumption is that this "low" dollar/pound area is
sufficiently low as to make gun-running unprofitable.  On what
do you base this?  

       And given that smuggling channels are already established,
and given the economies of scale, would it really add significantly
more expense to start smuggling firearms, especially considering
doing so would be less hazardous (in terms of getting caught) than
drugs?

>       All production
>	would have to be local. 

       Now *that* was a jump.  In any case, define "local."  It's
a big country.
 
>       There are not all that many people
>	who have both the skill AND motivation to assemble worthwhile
>	firearms from scratch. High-ranking crime figures could
>	obtain imported Uzis and such, but the average person, and
>	average thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun - and would
>	pay through the nose for it. 

       Wow, you gotta love the speculation.

       As I posted before, we import billions upon billions of raw
ores across the Mexican border.  Not only that but ships come in and
out of U.S. harbors every day full stuff.  And customs doesn't even
have the extra advantage of being able to sniff them out.  

       I'd be willing to wager that a shipload of handguns would be
worth more than a shipload of raw ore, *and* you're virtually guaranteed
to get it past customs, because they'd have to hand search every hold of
every ship which came through.

       It's not simply a matter of how much money are they worth, but how
much *more* money are they worth than other goods, based on the likelihood
of being caught.  Less money than drugs, but also a safer thing to smuggle.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54124
From: <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

In article <1qfrhbINNo80@cae.cad.gatech.edu>, vincent@cad.gatech.edu (Vincent
Fox) says:
>[...]
>this measure as it will prevent the evil Bambi-killers from hunting,
>and another will fight it for the interference with Nature that it is.

Such a measure would also have another benefit. It would relieve the
various states of the thorny problem of what to do with the hundreds
of millions of dollars hunters pour into the economy annually. I'm
sure that, to attain sure a lofty, humane, liberal and ecologically
(not to mention politically) correct goal, the environmental and animal
rights groups/individuals supporting such a measure would be more than
willing to add their names to a list of supporters seeking increased
taxation to replace these lost revenues. I am equally confident that
these same entities, given their noteworthy record in the area of social
responsibility and respect for private property, would feel morally
and ethically bound to raise the necessary funds to acquire the
hundreds of thousands of acres of land now held in private hands
solely for use as private hunting preserves by the landowner(s). To
do less than this would place these same groups/individuals in
the ethically untenable (to say nothing of environmentally and
politically incorrect) position of sanctioning the logging and
subsequent development and urbanization of these former private
hunting lands, which would no longer be useable by, or of any
benefit to, the landowner(s) in such a capacity.

W. K. Gorman

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54125
From: holland@CS.ColoState.EDU (douglas craig holland)
Subject: Re: Non-lethal alternatives to handguns?

In article <1993Apr13.221936.28301@watson.ibm.com> mjp@vnet.ibm.com (Michael J. Phelps) writes:
>
>In article <shepardC5FtLs.681@netcom.com>, shepard@netcom.com (Mark Shepard)
>writes:
>|> How effective are personal defense products like mace, pepper-spray,
>|> tasers and other non-lethal "stun" devices compared to handguns?
>|> Any statistics on #'s and types in use?
>|> 
>|> These products seem very attractive compared to handguns
>|> because, being non-lethal, they are more "forgiving" of accident or
>|> mistakes/wrongful shooting (such as the Yoshi Hattori case), and
>|> allow the justice system to deal with the criminal (rather than
>|> criminals simply being _dead_, which has a certain "vigilante feel"
>|> which seems to bother anti-gun people).
>
>The "more forgiving" nature also has its down side; it allows a criminal
>to use them w/o the ADW [assault with a deadly weapon] charge.  They also
>can have lethal or dangerous side effects -
> - some people have violent reactions to mace/pepper sprays
> - stun guns can harm people with weak hearts
> - people have suffered eye damage from mace; the stuff that is available
>   now is less concentrated than it used to be.
> - some of the spray propellents are flammable
>
>|> 
>|> The arguments I see _against_ these non-lethal weapons compared to
>|> handguns are lack of range, lack of "stopping power" or effectiveness,
>|> and limited "ammo".  True?  How about cost?
>
>Sprays
>
>- using any of the spray based [eg mace, pepper] indoors is bound to
>  affect anyone else in the room (like the victim) due to the nature
>  of the stuff.
>
>- using the sprays outdoors in any sort of breeze mitigates its 
>  effectiveness.
>
>- from reading various articles, it appears that mace, especially the
>  mace available to citizens, is pretty ineffective on people under
>  the influence of drugs or alcohol.
>
>- pepper spray appears to be more effective, but has the inherent spray
>  delivery problem.  It still does not appear to be anything better than
>  a distraction that might buy you time to run like hell [if you can].
>
>Consider that running like hell isn't always a viable solution.  For
>example, if you are dressed in boots and the assailent is dressed in
>sneakers .. you might have a tough time outrunning them!
>
>Tasars and Stun Guns
>
>- require contact with skin for max effectiveness; a jacket [like a 
>  leather one] will mitigate its effectiveness
>
>- the user must be extremely close to the assailent; that puts them
>  at a considerable risk of injury. 
>
>- the user must keep the stun gun in contact with the assailent for some
>  non negligible period of time.
>
>- tasar darts can be pulled out.
>
>Consider the problem a small women would have keeping a stun gun in 
>contact with a average size man for any length of time w/o sustaining
>serious injury.
>
>|> 
>|> Have any anti-gun groups suggested non-lethal weapons, to counter
>|> the pro-gun argument that people will be left defenseless?
>
>I haven't heard of any.  Generally they contend that people don't
>need to [or aren't able] to defend themselves.
>
>|> 
>|> And, what legal restrictions/licensing apply to non-lethal devices?
>
>Civilian ownership of stun guns is frequently illegal [NY].  The sprays
>are also illegal in some states.  Believe it or not, they are still 
>illegal in NY, although about half the state thinks they are legal!
>[I believe that NY almost legalized them; i have heard that the reason
>they didn't was due to their ineffectiveness]
>
>I feel that the sprays are better than nothing, but only if the user
>does not believe the hype ["this'll drop 'em in their tracks" stuff]
>and uses it as a diversion o_n_l_y .
>- 
>|> 
>|> 	MarkS
>|> --
>|> Mark Shepard | shepard@netcom.com | Portola Valley, CA
>
>-- 
>Michael Phelps, (external) mjp@vnet.ibm.com ..
>                (internal) mjp@bwa.kgn.ibm.com .. mjp at kgnvmy         
> (and last but not least a disclaimer)  These opinions are mine..       

What about guns with non-lethal bullets, like rubber or plastic bullets. Would
those work very well in stopping an attack?

						Doug Holland


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54126
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Re: "High Power" Assault guns

In article <1993Apr14.143825.13476@stortek.com> vojak@icebucket.stortek.com (Bill Vojak) writes:
> Alaska with 1 UZI, 1 20 rnd Magazine, and 1 BIG Polar bear @
                                                 ^
I'd make that, "1 BIG, MAD, and HUNGRY with CUBS NEARBY Polar bear @..."

Drew 
--
betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54127
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <PA146008.711.734832476@utkvm1.utk.edu>, PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu
(David Veal) says:
>>
[stuff deleted]

me:
>>What seems to be happening here is the situation getting totally blown out of
>>proportion.  In my post I was referring to your regular patrolman in a car
>>cruising around the city vs. gang members.  Of course the police have access
>>to the things that you mentioned but do they use tanks and such all of the
>>time?  Of course they don't and that's the point I was trying to make.  Every
>>day when I go out to lunch I always see cops coming in.  The majority that I
>>see are still carrying revolvers.  Not that there is anything wrong with a
>>revolver but if you're a cop that is up against some gang member with a
>couple
>>of automatics in his coat (I mean semi-auto handguns) you're going to be at a
>>disadvantage even with training.
>
David:

>      This is the "arms race" fallacy.  That somehow bigger guns make an
>individual safer.  The problem is that for each corresponding level of
>offensive power the is not an automatic level of defense increase.  The
>problem is that there's a sort of lethality threshold that once you get
>past you're only talking about a metter of degree.
>
>      Regardless of what cops are up against there's really no reason
>for the average beat cop to have anything bigger than a pistol on him
>as a personal weapon and maybe a rifle and a shotgun in the cruiser.
>
>      I mean, think about it.  Carrying a monster pistol or sub-machinegun
>doesn't make the cop any less wounded if somebody shoots him.  A lot
>of police departenments have switched to semi-automatics, as better
>more reliable weapons, and more stopping power, but there's a point
>of diminishing returns.
>
This is a very, very good point.  Who cares what kind of gun you've got if
you're lying on the ground dead.

>      And as far as automatics go, any gang member carrying around "a
>couple" of automatics (an incredible rarity) is going to be far more of
>a menace to himself and innocent bystanders than anything he might be
>tryinh to aim at.  One auto is hard enough to control.  Anybody who
>could control two is going to get the police officer regardless of
>what the police officer is armed with.
>
[more stuff deleted.  mostly mine]
>        My question is this:  What would a police officer gain from
>having a sub-machinegun or similar personal weapon that he already
>doesn't have with a 9mm or 10mm semi-automatic pistol?  I don't see
>as how the police should be hosing around full-auto fire, nor has
>my experience with police officers (or the stats regarding how many
>police officers get killed by other cops) made me feel such would be a
>good idea.  Precise fire is far more preferable.  Nor should they using
>"bigger" guns.  Most standard sidearms have more then sufficient
>stopping power when properly applied.  All more powerful weapons would
>do is make the likelihood of death higher without really giving police
>significantly more options.
>
Another very good point that is well taken.  It seems that when lots of lead
is flying (either the cops or the gangs) someone innocent always gets caught
in the crossfire.
>------------------------------------------------------------------------
>David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
>PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
>your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
>love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

All points made above are well taken.  I guess I am in the mindset of
"having more makes it better" which is obviously not the correct mindset
to take in this discussion.  Now that I think about the situation a
little more carefully I see your point exactly David and I
wholeheartedly (sp?) agree.  Like I said I'm just assuming that "more
bullets and/or bigger bullets is better".  Once again though I want to
state that I am a pro-gun individual and do NOT believe that gun control
is really a viable option here in the United States regardless of the drivel
that I spout here :-)

Jason

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54128
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1qie2rINN1b9@cae.cad.gatech.edu>, vincent@cad.gatech.edu (Vincent
Fox) says:
>
[stuff deleted. all mine]

>Define "armed better". Go shoot a revolver and a semi-auto like the
>Colt .45. Does one fires faster than the other? Nope. Aside from which
>faster rate of fire is usually not desirable. Sure it makes the other
>guys duck for cover, but just *YOU* trying hitting anything with a Thompson
>in hose-mode. This is why the military is limiting it's M-16 now to

Aw come on.  It worked great in the 1920's (or the movie version of the '20s
anyways) :-)

>3-round burst-fire. Simple semi-auto would be better, but the troops
>like to be able to rock and roll even if it is wasteful of ammo (something
>often in short supply when the enemy is plentiful).
>
>A revolver is equally capable as a semi-auto in the same caliber.
>
[stuff deleted about how revolvers are just as good as semi-autos]

All your points are very well taken and things that I haven't considered as
I am not really familiar enough with handguns.

>Some police departments switched to Glocks, and then started quietly
>switching many officers back to the old revolvers. Too many were having
>accidents, partly due to the poor training they received. Not that Glocks
>require rocket scientists, but some cops are baffled by something as complex
>as the timer on a VCR.

Hell, a Glock is the last thing that should be switched to.  The only thing
that I know about a Glock is the lack of a real safety on it.  Sure there is
that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety.
>
>Anyone who goes anyone saying that the criminals obviously outgun
>the police don't know nothing about firearms. Turn off COPS and Hunter
>and pay attention. I do not seek here to say "semi-autos are junk"
>merely that assuming they are better for all jobs is stupid. A cop
>with a revolver on his hip and a shotgun in the rack is more than
>equipped for anything short of a riot.
>
Actually I don't watch those shows :-)  And you're right (at least partially).
I don't know much about handguns.  I'm more familiar with rifles.

>Gun control is hitting what you aim at. If you whip out a
>wonder-nine and fire real fast you may find you don't hit anything.
>Good controlled fire from a revolver is more likely to get you a hit.
>I own a 9mm Beretta myself but consider it inferior as a carry weapon
>to something like the Ruger Security Six revolver. If I haven't hit
>what I'm aiming at in the first 5 shots, something is quite seriously
>wrong somewheres. While I might like having the backup capacity of those
>extra shots in certain cases, overwhelmingly the # of shots fired in
>criminal encounters is less than 5.
>
>What do crooks overwhelmingly use in crime? Why the same nice simple
>.38 revolvers that the police often use. Well actually some police
>prefer the much heftier .357 Magnum, but anyway.....
>
>ObPlea: Don't flame me, I prefer semi-autos for most things. But they
>        introduce unneccessary complications to something as nerve-wracking
>        as an abrupt encounter with a lone criminal.
>
>--
>"If everything had gone as planned, everything would have been perfect."
> -BATF spokesperson on CNN 3/2/93, regarding failed raid attempt in TX.

No flames here.  All your points are well taken.  Guess I still have a
lot to learn but thanks to this discussion I already am :-)  Guess I
assume too many things like more bullets are better and that sort of
thing.  Of course you know what happens when you assume ......... :-)

Jason

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54129
Subject: Re: Non-lethal alternatives to handguns?
From: steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu (Jason 'Think!' Steiner)

douglas craig holland (holland@CS.ColoState.EDU) writes:
[...lostsa' crap deleted. trim your articles!...]

> What about guns with non-lethal bullets, like rubber or plastic 
> bullets. Would those work very well in stopping an attack?

last i heard, "non-lethal" was a bit of a misnomer for these things.

jason

--
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`
`,` Democrat:    Give us your money. _We'll_ solve your problems. `,`
`,` Republican:  Give us your money. We'll ignore your problems.  `,`
`,` Libertarian: Keep your money. Solve your own problems.        `,`
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,` steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu `,`,`,`

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54130
From: ghm@sserve.cc.adfa.oz.au (Geoff Miller)
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:

>Promising field experiments are being done this year in several areas of
>the country relating to chemical contraceptive baits for deer. Preliminary
>data suggests that this will be a cost-effective and humane method for
>preventing over-population of habitats.

Preliminary data regarding similar research into kangaroo overpopulation
in Australia do not in any way support the cost-effectiveness of this
approach.  It _may_ be cost-effective for deer--if you quietly overlook
the fact that the net cost to the state of deer hunting is _negative_
(i.e. a profit) because the (majority of) hunters pay for licences.
The cost comparisons are probably being done assuming that people have
to be employed to cull the animals, which is not in fact the case.
You figure people are going to pay for licences to implant contraceptive
pellets or spread baits?

There has been a fair bit of discussion about this here recently,
because the kangaroo population in the grounds of the Governor-
General's residence has now reached plague proportions.  Despite the
whines of the rampant animal-libbers, the most effective method of
controlling the population is still considered to be controlled
shooting.

>So, now why should we allow hunting ... to prevent over-population of
>the deer/bear/<whatever> ? Sorry, but that 'justification' of blood-
>lust is now gone with the wind. Once mass-production of this stuff
>begins, animal populations can be easily managed without a shot being
>fired.  This leaves only the fact that some people *like* to go out
>in the woods and *kill* things.

Some people take satisfaction (IMHO, legitimate satisfaction) in eating
food that they have harvested themselves.  The pleasure derived from
hunting is the same as that you get from eating fruit and vegetables
grown in your own garden (and, in general, game meat is probably much 
freer of unpleasant chemicals than what you buy from the butcher or
the supermarket).

> That may be a motivation, but it
>cannot now be justified. Expect PETA and like organizations to use
>this argument to get hunting banned - period. 

By "cannot now be justified" I guess you mean that you personally
don't see any justification.  Fine--but what makes your opinion
so important?

>With no legitimate hunting, with the papers filled with stories of
>senseless murders ... I guess there won't be a chance in hell of
>building a case for the RKBA that will withstand either public
>opinion, necessity or scientific scrutiny. Don't give me that
>"silent majority wants guns" crap ... they are and will be 'silent'.
>No votes for RKBA, no RKBA. 

Certainly the last point is correct.  If politicians don't see any
votes for themselves in opposing stupid legislation or in developing
and supporting measures which might be effective in reducing the 
incidence of violent crime they won't do these things.

Geoff Miller  (g-miller@adfa.edu.au)
Computer Centre, Australian Defence Force Academy


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54131
From: ron@hpfcso.FC.HP.COM (Ron Miller)
Subject: Re: Boston Gun Buy Back

> From: urbin@interlan.interlan.com (Mark Urbin)
> 
> >RM:Just a short thought: 
> >When you ask the question of the "authorities" or sponsors of buyback
> >programs whether they will check for stolen weapons and they answer
> >"no, it's total amnesty".

>     Please note that the $50 given for each firearm, in the Boston `buy 
> back' will not be in cash, but money orders.  How much `total amnesty" can 
> you get if you leave paper trail behind?

In the latest case in Denver, they were giving away tickets to a Denver
Nuggets basketball game. 

How traceable is a money order?  (I don't know. Haven't used one in 20 years)

Is that even an issue if the weapons aren't checked for being stolen?

Ron

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54132
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:

>	Observations from a naive norwegian:

Yup, you said it.  I admire such honesty. ;-)

>	1) Guns are made to KILL people, not to shoot target or to 
>	have something more macho than stamps to collect.....

Fire an Anschutz .22, then come back and talk to us.  You're letting
ignorance and possibly fear cloud your thinking.  Either that, or this
is sour grapes because we beat you in the Olympic shooting events.
Funny, you'd think biathalon would be a natural sport for the norse. ;-)

>	2) It IS more easy to kill/injure someone with a gun than
>	with a knife or a bat (as in baseball).

Precisely.  That makes them the best method of defense for the citizenry.
Not everybody has the time to train with a gladius, you know, but for
some reason those who prey on others seem to have more free time.  To
extend this a bit further, you need only a certain level of competence
to beat another with a range weapon.  Getting in their face with a
weapon and winning is much more difficult, and requires more training
time the average citizen just does not have.  I've spent a few years
practicing with a sword.  I can take the common person armed with one
(though self-defense isn't the reason I own one).  My kid sister would
have an even chance of beating me, gun vs. gun, with only a month of
training.  That makes firearms much better, in our eyes.

>	3) It's not very wise to compare two completely different
>	countries like USA and, let's say, Island on issues like
>	crime and violence.

Excellent point.  Perhaps you aren't so naive after all?

>	4) Yes, the problem is  people committing crimes, not the tools
>	beeing used, but 1) should be taken into concideration.

Taken into consideration in what respect?  Though quite wrong, let's
make it a blanket statement for weapons in general.  This has been
taken into consideration.  We call use of them aggrivated assault,
assault with a deadly weapon, assault with intent to kill, attempted
murder, and a whole host of others, and tack on extra prison time.

>	We have a very strict gun-legislation in Norway, but until recently
>	it was possible for enyone over 18 years to buy a shotgun.
>	Shotguns are used mainly for hunting in Norway(...), but because it
>	was so easy to accuire one, it was THE most used gun in crimes.

In Norway I suspect it was about the only weapon available.  You conquered
your land (among others) a full millenia before we were thought of, and
shortly thereafter weapons weren't quite so common.  I suspect that a few
world wars made a difference too, since in times of emergency weapons
tend to be turned in or donated to needy causes.  I'm curious, though,
were the weapons used in the crimes bought shortly before the crime, or
were they aquired by other means?  Any requirements other than just
registering the shotgun?

>	And -unbelievable- the use of guns in crime fell.....
>	There are now a new law against wearing long knives in public,
>	and why should it be allowed ??

"Come on down to honest Erik's Used Swords!  Here's a slightly-used
short sword, *THE* battlefield supremacy weapon of the eleventh
century!  Only $39.95 with trade-in.  Easy financing!"  Sorry, I
couldn't resist.  You guys still slicing each other with long knives,
or is this really not a problem?

>	What I, as an scandinavian, have problems to understand is that 
>	you (Americans) have a more liberal view on guns and violence
>	than on nudity and sex.
>	Try showing a bare breast on tv insted of violence and murder...

I'm all for that.  What gets me is that scandanavians (and yes, I'm only
a couple generations off the longship) used to be some of the most
feared warriors on the planet a mere millenia ago, yet now seem to
spend their time sitting in spas and doing a bit of topless sunbathing.
Maybe you had a bit more time, and a more homogeneous culture, to become
civilized with?

>	Yes, I know a little American history, but is it a civil/human
>	right to have an assault gun in your home and/or an handgun
>	in your car??

Yes.  We're too damned violent, partially I believe because we are not
a homogeneous culture and don't identify ourselves as "Americans" first
and foremost.  I'm rather proud of my Norwegian and Danish heritage,
whereas I suspect you couldn't care less about that 2% Welsh blood in
your veins thanks to a raid in Ireland back in 1055?  The time scale
and the homogeneous culture are important.  Equally important is a
basic philosophical difference in personal versus collective good.
In America, the individual is more important than the masses.  Personal
liberties are prized above all.  This is, sadly, changing of late, but
I trust you notice how this call for freedom makes laws that restrict
individuals for little collective benefit hateful to Americans.  I'd
hazard a guess that, were America less interested in freedom and
personal liberty and more interested in collective good we never would
have sent our armed forces anywhere.  One poor effect of this culture
we have is that we're looking out for ourselves and it is quite easy
to identify with only a small segment of the population.  My grandmother
tells of being discriminated against back in Denmark because she spoke
"low Dane," whereas others spoke "high Dane."  It was shortly after
World War II, as I remember, that "low Dane" was abolished so there was
one common dialect.  We cannot fathom such a minor thing being a problem,
because we have even more obvious means of identifying an "outsider."

>			The bad english is not my fault, it's probably
>			the keyboard-software or the quality of the
>			subtext on tv......

Take heart, yours is better than 90% of what gets posted by native speakers.
Any helpful hints for our educational system?  People have this annoying
tendency to drop out of school and sell drugs over here.

[ ;-) And what kind of name is Thomas Parsli?  Here, you can use my great
grandfather's before he changed it: Christian Aarskog.  That's a
great one for getting mispronounced.  I think that's why he changed it.
I don't think he needs it anymore ;-) ]

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54133
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: Gun Talk -- Legislative Update for States

lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:

>IOWA:  All firearm related bills are dead.  Senate File 303
>dealing with off-duty police officers carrying concealed remains
>viable.

	The *POWER* of the word processor and a stamp at work.
The fact that around here the state rep generally lives no more than
nine miles from any constituent doesn't hurt, either.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54134
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: That silly outdated Bill (was Re: Koresh and Miranda)

In article <1qibs0$flk@vela.acs.oakland.edu> awesley@vela.acs.oakland.edu (awesley) writes:
>In article <1993Apr14.225910.14964@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU> andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:
i]>>Since there was no sniper fire, doing nothing was equally effective,
>>as was yelling "stop that".  Of course, if one wants to credit the
>>tanks with stopping non-existent sniper fire, we might was well credit 
>>it with stopping an invasion by Martians.  
>> 
>>See "Firearms, Violence and Civil Disorders" (from SRI) and "Sniping 
>>Incidents - A New Pattern of Violence" (from Brandeis University's 
>>Lemberg Center for the Study of Violence).
>
>>>>There was precisely ONE
>>>>verified sniper in the 67 riots, a drunk firing a pistol out a window.
>
>Actually, there was only one confirmed sniper to >die< in Detroit,
>according to Sauter & Hines, _Nightmare in Detroit, A Rebellion & It's

What sources did Sauter and Hines use?  In Congressional hearings
later, the newspaper folk admitted that their reports were completely
wrong.  (Some of their excuses are understandable, while others amount
to gross negligence.  Then there's their "we lied".)  As far as I
know, they never did the followup.

>>So?  People other than snipers can shoot firemen.  If they are,
>>shooting at "snipers" can't help.  Blowing big holes in buildings that
>>don't contain "sniper nests" or worrying about travelling "sniper
>>squads" is a complete waste of time.
>
>Interesting.  Just curious, they do you believe that tanks did blow
>big holes in buildings in Detroit 67?

I don't have any relevant knowledge about the counter-sniper tactics
or what the govt did with the big war toys.  That's why I've only
commented on what they couldn't have accomplished, no matter what
they did.

>>Nope - the "sniper" fire was coming from other police/guard positions.
>
>The guard certainly needed to learn.  But I don't agree with the
>idea that there were no snipers at all.  From p. 121 of Sauter & Hines:
>
>     "Despite the force of the National Guard in alliance with the
>Army troops, the snipers did not stop.  The snipers boldly lay siege to the
>Fifth Precent police station and took pot shots at the Seventh.  Firemen
>were under constant harassment from snipers fired from half-closed
>darkened windows in high apartment buildings and from roof-tops."

Not in Detroit, not during the 60s.  That's newspaper copy and they
admitted later that they were wrong.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54135
From: jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

In article <PA146008.710.734831135@utkvm1.utk.edu>, PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal) writes:
> In article <1993Apr14.182610.2330@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
> 
>>In article <1993Apr14.120958.11363@synapse.bms.com>, hambidge@bms.com writes:
>>> Self defense is a valid reason for RKBA.
>>
>>	The vast majority get through life without ever having to
>>	own, use or display a firearm. 
> 
>        You might have missed the U.S. News & World Report excerpt
> I posted.  It is fairly consistant with other such polls, finding
> that approximately 40-50% of households have at least one firearm.
> How this translates into individual ownership is questionable, but I
> think it's fairly safe to say that you're wrong about the "vast majority."

	OK ... a near-majority actually OWN firearms, but I will still
	claim that the VAST majority never needs to use them or even
	threaten anyone with them. What do they do right ... or are
	they just lucky ? In either case, this means the 'average
	threat level' in this country is rather low. 
 
>>       Besides, there are other
>>	means of self-protection which can be just as effective
>>	as firearms. 
> 
>        Please name them.  The key phrase is "can be."  Theories are
> nice, but practicality is more important.  A taser (to chose an
> exmpale outlawed virtually everywhere) "can" be as effective as a gun,
> under optimal conditions when dealing with your absolute average
> [...]

	I think you have weapons on the brain. I never said that these
	alternative means of self-protection involved any hardware.
	Why are 'good' neighborhoods 'good' ? It isn't because every
	person is armed to the teeth. It is because of (1) attitude
	and (2) cooperation. In the 'good' neighborhoods, the residents
	make themselves aware of their neighbors and notice when
	strangers are lurking around. 'Good' neighborhoods form groups
	like 'crime-watch' to increase this effect, and the relative
	effectiveness of the police. When hostiles are arrested, the
	good neighbors step up and say "THAT'S the one officer ! He
	was robbing Mr. Jones' house". 

	In short, the alternative to firepower is gangs ... or at
	least a benificent manifestation of that social cooperative.
	Replace lead with flesh ... the flesh makes a better
	conversationalist too and you can invite it over for a
	block party. 

>>> Freedoms and rights are not dependent on public opinion, necessity, or
>>> scientific scrutiny.
>>
>>	New to this planet ? EVERYTHING is dependent on either public
>>	or political opinion, usually political. To imagine that
>>	inalienable 'rights' are somehow wired into the vast cold
>>	cosmos is purest egotism and a dangerous delusion.
> 
>        In a very real sense *everything* the government does is based
> on public approval, if for no other reason than at any particular time
> there aren't "public servants" commonly adorning trees.
> 
>        But legality and legitimacy also matter.  If a government's charter
> makes a rule, which the government then violates, it is violated the
> basis for its existance.  Enforcement of its will becomes a matter
> solely of force of arms.

	Oliver North. The man is positively worshiped in many
	all-American 'conservative' quarters. He and Big Ron
	set-up a secret government and did all sorts of severely
	illegal deeds - the kind of stuff you and I would be doing
	twenty-to-life for, yet he walks free. This BS happens all
	the time. In fact, it happens so much that no one really
	cares anymore.  'Legitimacy' is a non-issue. Legality is
	a non-issue. So long as we get T-bones and our MTV, who
	gives a rats ass ? 

>>> No arguments against RKBA can withstand scientific scrutiny.
>>
>>	They don't have to. Like so many other things, the issue
>>	is one of -perception- rather than boring statistics.
> 
>        Excuse me, sir, but *you* were the one suggesting that arguments
> for RKBA would not stand up to scientific scrutiny.

	No. I claimed that no one is interested in the statistical
	aspects of the argument. Pure emotion, like the abortion issue.

>>	Every time some young innocent is gunned-down in a drive
>>	by, every time some kid is murdered for a jacket, every
>>	time a store clerk is executed for three dollars in change,
>>	every time some moron kills his wife because she took the
>>	last beer from the fridge, every time someone hears a 'bang'
>>	in the night .... the RKBA dies. 
> 
>         Emotion is hard to argue against.  But it must be done anyway if
> emotion is wrong.

	Argue away ... you can't win. 

>>       The stats are not all *that*
>>	clearly behind firearms - 
> 
>         And just yesterday you claimed they weren't behind them at
> all.
> 
>>       the protection factor does not
>>	strongly outweigh the mindless mayhem factor. 
> 
>         Operating under the assumption that the same conditions absolutely
> govern both of them.  That the expansion of one automatically necessitates
> the contraction of the other.

	Firearms-related mindless mayhem will be related to the
	availibility of firearms. If they become scarce and 
	and expensive, a different psychology will take hold.
	I *think* they would be used far less to settle trivial
	complaints. 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54136
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:

>	New to this planet ? EVERYTHING is dependent on either public
>	or political opinion, usually political. To imagine that
>	inalienable 'rights' are somehow wired into the vast cold
>	cosmos is purest egotism and a dangerous delusion.

"We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created
equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable
Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness."

				Declaration of Independence
					4 July 1776

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54137
From: cmort@NCoast.ORG (Christopher Morton)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

As quoted from <1993Apr14.184448.2331@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> by jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu:

> 	Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.
> 	It would not be economic to smuggle them in. All production
> 	would have to be local. There are not all that many people
> 	who have both the skill AND motivation to assemble worthwhile
> 	firearms from scratch. High-ranking crime figures could
> 	obtain imported Uzis and such, but the average person, and
> 	average thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun - and would
> 	pay through the nose for it. 

You don't know much about modern automatic weapons, do you?  Just about ANYBODY
with basic manufacturing skill can turn out HIGH QUALITY submachineguns.  A 
couple of high school shop teachers were recently arrested for building 
submachineguns in the school shop.

I suggest that you go to the library and find a copy of "Smallarms of the 
World".  Your entire premise is based on non-factual assumptions.

-- 
===================================================================
"You're like a bunch of over-educated, New York jewish ACLU lawyers
fighting to eliminate school prayer from the public schools in
Arkansas" - Holly Silva

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54138
From: mjp@austin.ibm.com  (Michael Phelps)
Subject: Re: Non-lethal alternatives to handguns?


holland@CS.ColoState.EDU (douglas craig holland) writes:
|> What about guns with non-lethal bullets, like rubber or plastic bullets.
|> Would those work very well in stopping an attack?
|> 
|> 						Doug Holland

 Any projectile traveling at or near typical bullet speeds is potentially
lethal.  Even blanks [which have no projectile] can cause death if the
muzzle is in close proximity to the victim.  I have heard of rubber or
plastic bullets being used effectively during riot situations [where the
intent is crowd control, rather than close range self defense]; i've also
seen reports of deaths caused by them [the British in Northern Ireland].
 Use of a firearm for self defense is appropriate and lawful only in the
gravest of situations; at that point, i consider deadly [lethal] force to 
be a proper reaction [and so does the law].  
 Furthermore, use of less effective [but still potentially lethal] force
has its own set of problems.  It may well take more applications of the
less effective force to stop the incident; this places all parties at some
risk; the victim because the attack has not stopped, and the assailent 
since the aggregate damage done by the multiple applications may well be
more deadly.

-- 
Michael Phelps, (external) mjp@vnet.ibm.com ..
                (internal) mjp@bwa.kgn.ibm.com .. mjp at kgnvmy         
 (and last but not least a disclaimer)  These opinions are mine..       

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54139
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

In article <1993Apr14.182610.2330@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu>, jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>In article <1993Apr14.120958.11363@synapse.bms.com>, hambidge@bms.com writes:
>> 
>> The Second Amendment is about sovereignty, not sporting goods.
>
>	Perfectly correct, but it won't make any difference.

Hmm.  I beg to differ.  It will probably make a big difference at some
point.

>
>> Self defense is a valid reason for RKBA.
>
>	The vast majority get through life without ever having to
>	own, use or display a firearm. Besides, there are other
>	means of self-protection which can be just as effective
>	as firearms. 

Thankfully, it is true that the majority go through life without
having to use a firearm.  Howver, there are situations where firearms
are the most effective means of self protection.  What other means do
you propose as equally effective?


>
>> Freedoms and rights are not dependent on public opinion, necessity, or
>> scientific scrutiny.
>
>	New to this planet ? EVERYTHING is dependent on either public
>	or political opinion, usually political. To imagine that
>	inalienable 'rights' are somehow wired into the vast cold
>	cosmos is purest egotism and a dangerous delusion.

New to this country? New to political theory?
Alas, I was speaking of principle.  Without principle, all attempts at
republican forms of gov't are futile.  There are times when public and
political opinion are contrary to principle, which is why we have a
Constitution which enumerates gov't powers and presumes certain
rights.  A major reason for this was to prevent a tyranny of the
majority.

>
>> No arguments against RKBA can withstand scientific scrutiny.
>
>	They don't have to. Like so many other things, the issue
>	is one of -perception- rather than boring statistics.
>	Every time some young innocent is gunned-down in a drive
>	by, every time some kid is murdered for a jacket, every
>	time a store clerk is executed for three dollars in change,
>	every time some moron kills his wife because she took the
>	last beer from the fridge, every time someone hears a 'bang'
>	in the night .... the RKBA dies. The stats are not all *that*
>	clearly behind firearms - the protection factor does not
>	strongly outweigh the mindless mayhem factor. Given society
>	as we now experience it - it seems safer to get rid of
>	as many guns as possible. That may be an error, but enough
>	active voters believe in that course. 

This is exactly why law should be based on reasoned thought, not
immediate perception.  Of course, it doesn't always work that way.
Fortunately, while there are no guarantees, logic sometimes does
prevail.  And, if not, there are still means for correction.  
As far as "enough active voters" are concerned, that is still
an open question until the vote is made.

>
>> How do you intend to 'silence' RKBA supporters?
>
>	Talk all you want. Talk about the "good old days" when
>	you used to own firearms. After a while, such talk will
>	take on the character of war stories ... and no one will
>	be very interested anymore.

You portray a possible scenario for the future.  But, how will you
silence RKBA supporters right now?  As long as public debate is
allowed, such debate will continue. If we allow public debate to be
restricted or denied, then we will get a gov't we deserve.

Al
[standard disclaimer]


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54140
From: jim.wray@yob.sccsi.com (Jim Wray)
Subject: CNN for sale


 Bill Vojak:

 BV>I read in the paper yestarday that Ted Turner wants to "trim" down
 BV>his media holdings and is putting CNN up for sale.  The #1 potential
 BV>bidder?  TIME/Warner of course.  Sigh . . . . . Just what we need. :-(

 Maybe now's the time for us, the NRA, GOA, CCRTKBA, SAF, et al to band
 together and buy CNN as *our* voice. Wouldn't that be sumpin....broadcast
 the truth for a change and be able to air a favorable pro-gun item or two....
---
 . OLX 2.2 . There is no way they can get over here!        A. Maginot
                                                                   
----
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Ye Olde Bailey BBS   713-520-1569 (V.32bis) 713-520-9566 (V.32bis)     |
|   Houston,Texas          yob.sccsi.com       Home of alt.cosuard       |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54141
From: jim.wray@yob.sccsi.com (Jim Wray)
Subject: Re: With Friends Like The


 Paul Prescod pontificating:

 PP>State.EDU (Cathy Smith) writes:

 PP>>     Libertarians oppose BOTH waiting periods AND background checks
 PP>>-- or ANY prerequisite for exercising rights that are supposed to
 PP>>be guaranteed.

 PP>Let me get this straight.  Unlike the other idiots in this newsgroup,
 PP>you actually support anybody having unlimited access to guns,
 PP>inclucing criminals.  (or would you prohibit them from owning them,
 PP>but not from buying them?)

 PP>You are a supreme idiot.  You make the other idiots look like Mensa members.

Thanks Paul, for yet another fine example of the holier than thou gun control
mindset. Why don't you add something intelligent to the debate, like maybe
nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah.
---
 . OLX 2.2 . Fight crime..... shoot back!
                                                                           
----
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Ye Olde Bailey BBS   713-520-1569 (V.32bis) 713-520-9566 (V.32bis)     |
|   Houston,Texas          yob.sccsi.com       Home of alt.cosuard       |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54142
From: jim.wray@yob.sccsi.com (Jim Wray)
Subject: Re: My turn


 Dan Sorenson writing:

 ...

 DS>I'd rather not get into the Nationalized Medical Care debate
 DS>here, but I find it amazing that criminals often live better than the
 DS>rest of the population, in some aspects, and that we're paying for
                               ^^^^
 DS>them to do so.  As an example, in November I had my annual dental

 ...

 Here, you are somewhat in error.....in ALL respects we are paying. When we
 are not paying for their countryclub incarceration, we are paying with our
 lives and belongings as their prey. Upon what would they practice their
 nefarious predatory acts if not for the citizens of this country. What is
 amazing to me is the mindset of those who overtly and covertly perpetuate
 a justice system (har) that essentially mandates that some of us offer up
 ourselves as that prey while they suitably insulate themselves from the
 preyground.
---
 . OLX 2.2 . Church of Crime & Justice....come, let us prey!
                                
----
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Ye Olde Bailey BBS   713-520-1569 (V.32bis) 713-520-9566 (V.32bis)     |
|   Houston,Texas          yob.sccsi.com       Home of alt.cosuard       |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54143
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

In article <1993Apr14.183025.29688@sco.com> allanh@sco.COM (Allan J. Heim)  
writes:
> 
> papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod):
> 
>    >Drugs are banned, please tell me when this supply will dry up?
> 
>    Drugs are easier to manufacture, easier to smuggle, easier to hide.
>    No comparison.
> 
> Then let's use another example--alcoholic beverages.  Bottles of whiskey
> are larger, heavier, and more fragile than bags of drugs.  Barrels and
> kegs are larger and heavier still, and are difficult to manipulate.
> Yet, a lot of people managed to get very rich off of the smuggling of
> booze into this country during the years of Prohibition.  There was a
> demand, so an entire industry formed to supply it.

I beleive this was the source of the Kennedy clan's money.
> 
> So unless there's something I'm missing, I think your argument that guns
> won't be smuggled because theyr'e more difficult to manufacture, smuggle
> and hide won't wash.  If enough people want something, somebody will try
> to supply it.
> -- 
> Allan J. Heim   allanh@sco.COM   ...!uunet!sco!allanh   +1 408 427 7813
Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54144
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <CMM.0.90.2.734814613.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no> Thomas Parsli  
<thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
> 
> 
> 	Observations from a naive norwegian:
> 
> 	1) Guns are made to KILL people, not to shoot target or to 
> 	have something more macho than stamps to collect.....
> 
> 	2) It IS more easy to kill/injure someone with a gun than
> 	with a knife or a bat (as in baseball).
> 
> 	3) It's not very wise to compare two completely different
> 	countries like USA and, let's say, Island on issues like
> 	crime and violence.
> 
> 	4) Yes, the problem is  people committing crimes, not the tools
> 	beeing used, but 1) should be taken into concideration.
> 
Only as far as it affects the crime rate.
> 
> 	We have a very strict gun-legislation in Norway, but until recently
> 	it was possible for enyone over 18 years to buy a shotgun.
> 	Shotguns are used mainly for hunting in Norway(...), but because it
> 	was so easy to accuire one, it was THE most used gun in crimes.
> 	The solution was to restrict the sale, so it's now necessary to 
> 	apply and register your shotgun.
> 	And -unbelievable- the use of guns in crime fell.....

Did the RATE of crime fall?  If not, the ban was of no use.  It is the rate of  
violent crime that matters, not the tools used.  "It's the crime, stupid!"

> 	There are now a new law against wearing long knives in public,
> 	and why should it be allowed ??
> 

Apparently that became the weapon of choice after the shotguns were banned.   
After that, they'll decide the car of choice  is the Saab, and propose a ban on  
that!

> 	What I, as an scandinavian, have problems to understand is that 
> 	you (Americans) have a more liberal view on guns and violence
> 	than on nudity and sex.
> 	Try showing a bare breast on tv insted of violence and murder...
> 
> 	Yes, I know a little American history, but is it a civil/human
> 	right to have an assault gun in your home and/or an handgun
> 	in your car??
> 

Yes.  We still trust honest people here.  For the time being.

> 
> 			The bad english is not my fault, it's probably
> 			the keyboard-software or the quality of the
> 			subtext on tv......
> 
> 
> 	Disclamer(not):
> 	These are the views of all studens at my university,
> 	all Norwegians and probably whole of the universe...
> 
> 
> 			                       Thomas Parsli
> 	                                     thomasp@ifi.uio.no
> 


--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54145
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: A Scoop of Waco Road, Please

Your "lite" posting for the day, from rec.humor.funny:

In article <S539.2adf@looking.on.ca>, bellas@tti.com (Pete Bellas) writes:
> 
> There is a new Ice Cream Flavor inspired by the incident at Waco.
> 
> It's called Mount Caramel, it's full of nuts but you can't get it out
> of the carton.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54146
From: 0005111312@mcimail.com (Peter Nesbitt)
Subject: Newspapers censoring gun advertisements

Recently while looking around in Traders Sporting Goods store, a very well
stocked firearms store, I discovered a printed document that was being 
distributed by the good folks who work there.  Traders, BTW, is located in
San Leandro, CA.

Granted, the document may be asking you and I to help out Traders, but in the
big scope of things, I feel that we would do all gun owners a favor by helping
to this cause.

Anyway, here it is:

NEWSPAPER AD CENSORSHIP

Are you letting the newspapers tell you how to live your life, what's good for
you, what's not, and exercise blatant censorship over what you read in their
advertisments?

The newspapers have now decided to censor gun ads - which is why you no longer
see the ads that Traders, San Leandro, has run for many years.

These ads were run for the law-abiding honest citizens who own firearms for
sporting use or self-protection.  They certainly have the right to do so, under
the Second Amendment Right to Bear Arms.

If you are tired of newspapers who run sex and liquor ads galor, yet refuse to
run legitimate gun ads, please send a letter to the editors indicating your
displeasure over their censorship doctrine.

Following is a list of Bay area newspapers who censor gun ads.  Perhaps you'd
like to send them your thoughts on this issue!

Oakland Tribune		Daily Review		Alameda Times-Star
POB 28883		POB 5050		1516 Oak St.
Oakland, CA 94604	Hayward,94540	Alameda, CA 94501

Argus			Tri Valley Herald	San Leandro Times
3850 Decoto Rd.		POB 10367		161 W. Juana Ave.
Fremont, CA 94555	Pleasanton, CA 94588	San Leandro, CA 94577

Contra Costa Times	San Mateo Times		San Francisco Chronicle
POB 5088		POB 5400		901 Mission St.
Walnut Creek, CA 94596	San Mateo, CA 94402	San Francisco, CA 94103

San Fran. Independent	San Fran. Examiner	San Jose Mercury News
1201 Evans Ave		110 5th St.		750 Ridder Park Dr.
San Fran., CA 94124	San Fran., CA 94103	San Jose, CA 95190

Then there are six pages of "facts".  I can not validate these facts, and 
there were no sources, but many feel and sound very true.  Here are the topic
headlines:

- Big Media Snow Job
- Blaming Firearms for Murder is Like Blaming Hospitals for Death
- I could use the same Nazi Journalistic Technique of CBS and ABC to prove
  that Hospitals Cause Death
- How NBC, CBS, and ABC have scammed the American people on "gun control"
- American TV journalism is based on Nazi journalism
- Why TV journalists lie
- The Government with the help of the TV networks, has succeeded in playing
  one group against the other
- Gun laws are unconstitutional
- American gun laws are based on Nazi gun laws
- The Government is trying to devide and conquer
- The CIA wants your firearms

and so on for six pages.

So now we have the media trying help put gun dealers out of business by trying
to limit their exposure to potential customers, and preventing the customers
from reading about sales of ammunition and firearms for sporting, hunting, or
other recreational use.

Let me know if you write to any of these bozos.

/-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\

| Peter D. Nesbitt |     Air Traffic Controller     | PNESBITT@MCIMAIL.COM    |

|                  |       Oakland Bay TRACON       |                         |

|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

|  CBR600F2 Pilot  |       NRA Member CCX1380F      |  S&W .41 Magnum Carrier |

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------/




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54147
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card


|What seems to be happening here is the situation getting totally blown out of
|proportion.  In my post I was referring to your regular patrolman in a car
|cruising around the city vs. gang members.  Of course the police have access
|to the things that you mentioned but do they use tanks and such all of the
|time?  Of course they don't and that's the point I was trying to make.  Every
|day when I go out to lunch I always see cops coming in.  The majority that I
|see are still carrying revolvers.  Not that there is anything wrong with a
|revolver but if you're a cop that is up against some gang member with a couple
|of automatics in his coat (I mean semi-auto handguns) you're going to be at a
|disadvantage even with training.  I have been at a shooting range where gang
|gang members were "practicing" shooting.  They were actually practicing
|taking out their guns as quick as possible and shooting at the target
|and they weren't doing too badly either.   The University cops here (who are
|are state cops) are armed better than the Chicago police.  It seems most
|state cops are.  I don't know where you are originally from David but you live
|in Tennesse and I live in Chicago and see this crap everyday on the news
|and in the papers.  I think the situation is just a tad different here
|than there.

However, don't forget that the police in Chicago can carry just about
anything they want except for the Glock, which is not approved for
carry (Guess they figure all cops are like the Police Chief of Winnetka,
who happened to let off a stray round of 9mm. This is the same anti-gun
police chief that wanted full-auto Uzis for his patrol cars...).

Perhaps in the judgement of the majority of Chicago's finest, a close-to-
100% reliable weapon like a revolver is preferable to a 99.99% reliable
automatic. I note that in Germany, where certainly the 9mm semi-auto
handgun is king, some of the more elite police types want revolvers.

I don't think the issue is cost, because Chicago police certainly make
on the order of at least $40K/year. 

Your presumption of "disadvantage" I think is not borne out by the
experiences of New York City's cops; there the cops usually come out
on top with their standard .38 Spl revolvers.

I've seen S&Ws, Rugers and Beretta 9mms in addition to the revolvers
carried by Chicago cops.... in the past, I've seen .45 M1911s; others
have seen Browning Hi-Powers...

|Jason

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54148
From: gardner@convex.com (Steve Gardner)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

In article <1993Apr14.184448.2331@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.
	Why?  Either the numerator or the denominator could fluctuate.
	The dollar value of a gun would (of course)
	go up if supply were restricted.  The weight of a gun might
	go down significantly as technology improved.   I don't
	think you have a basis to assert this.  
	
>It would not be economic to smuggle them in. All production
>would have to be local. There are not all that many people
>who have both the skill AND motivation to assemble worthwhile
>firearms from scratch. 
	The skill is easily taught to anyone with a modicum of
	mechanical aptitude and the ONLY motivator needed is 
	money.  If guns were banned then this motivator would kick
	in big time.  Now, of course, it is not a moneymaking
	proposition for every machine shop to make guns on the
	side when it ain't rebuilding engines.  Ban guns and 
	watch what happens.  You'll have to schedule a year in advance
	to get your brakes resurfaced. ;-)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54149
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !


|	Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.
|	It would not be economic to smuggle them in. All production
|	would have to be local. There are not all that many people
|	who have both the skill AND motivation to assemble worthwhile
|	firearms from scratch. High-ranking crime figures could
|	obtain imported Uzis and such, but the average person, and
|	average thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun - and would
|	pay through the nose for it. 

This is not borne out of reality; the old Soviet Union had a very
serious domestic handgun and submachinegun trade, guns that were
of commercial grade because they were produced in honest-to-goodness
machineshops. Why would all production have to be local; don't we
have a road system that is the envy of the world?

I seem to recall incidents in the past where Chinese entreprenaurs
attempted to smuggle AK-47s (semi-autos) into this country to
get around import number limitations (May have been Gunweek where
I read that years ago...)

Any person with high-school drafting skills and vocational school
machineshop training could produce a submachinegun. You talk about
the average person not being able get even a zip-gun; well now, think
of all that private CNC controlled machinery that is not being used for
3 shifts a day; do you think that if guns were being sold on the
black market for say, $150, an enterprising mechanical engineer
could be using that machinery to produce workable submachineguns
for sale? After all, GUNWEEK had an article and pictures on how BATF
was looking for the manufacturer of quite efficient silencers that
were of commercial quality and finish.

Look at it this way, 25% of the U.S. households have a handgun. Say
at least half of those keep one for self-defense. You are talking a
potential market of of tens of millions of people who would seek
firearms for the purpose of self-preservation. Only a fool would
believe that market would not be filled, regardless of government
prohibitions.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54152
From: bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler)
Subject: Re: Armed Citizen - April '93

/ iftccu:talk.politics.guns / kendall@lds.loral.com (Colin Kendall 6842) /  9:23 am  Apr 13, 1993 /

In article <1993Apr5.164728.10847@dazixco.ingr.com> crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com writes:
>>
>>THE ARMED CITIZEN
>>+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
>>Mere presence of a firearm, without a shot being fired, prevents
>>crime in many instances, as shown by news reports sent to The
>>Armed Citizen.  
>
>Perhaps so, but note that of the accounts cited, there was only
>one in which no shot was fired. Of the other twelve, five
>described cases in which the assailant was wounded by a shot,
>and six described cases in which the assailant was killed by a
>shot.

Follow more than one months posting.  As more than one reader has noted, 
there IS some reporting bias here.  I have seen months where these 
numbers were reversed.  I don't keep a constant tally, but it seems 
this particular issue had more shots fired than any other I can remember.

Rick.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54153
From: bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

Woops.  I'm not sure if I screwed up, but this is either forgery or some 
sort of mistake (aborted post that didn't abort) on my part.  

Bogus article below if seen in another post should be ignored..  

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
/ iftccu:talk.politics.guns / bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler) /  3:29 pm  Apr 13, 1993 /
/ iftccu:talk.politics.guns / papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod) /  1:49 am  Apr 12, 1993 /
In article <92468@hydra.gatech.EDU> gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH) writes:
>
>I certainly hope this is somebody's idea of a joke, as poor as it it...
>My earlier posting mentioning an illegal firearms MANUFACTURING site being
>searched for by the Feds in the Florida area was evidently ignored..

Let's look at this critically:
1.How many guns did this illegal manufacturing site make compared to
--------------------------------------------------------------------
<and so on...>

Sorry.
Rick.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54154
From: bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler)
Subject: Re: "Proper gun control?" What is proper gun control? (was Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card)

/ iftccu:talk.politics.guns / mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider) /  8:51 pm  Apr 12, 1993 /

>I think most of us would rather be held up with a knife than with a gun,
>but HOW THE HELL ARE YOU GOING TO MANAGE THAT?  You still haven't offered

I've been watching this knife verses gun bit for a while now, (even
contributed a few comments) but this stuff "I'd rather face a knife than
a gun" has GOT to come from ignorance!  I used to think pretty much the
same thing, then I got 'educated.'

People do not as a rule understand how deadly knives can be, or how
quickly you can be killed with one.  Most people don't understand that
it takes less than an inch of penetration in some areas to cause quick
(within a minute or so) death.

The death rates from handguns and knives are within a few percentage
points of each other.  Many people not realizing how deadly knives are
'try their luck' and thus more get injured by knives.  A gun is deadly
only in a single direction and it's only advantage is that it is a
remote control weapon.  A contact weapon such as a knife controls a
spherical area 7 to 10 feet in diameter.

Most people have never seen knife wounds, aside from slicing a finger by
accident.  From 21 feet or so, a knife is very nearly an even match for
a holstered gun in experienced hands, even if the knife wielder has only
moderate skill.  From inside 10 feet or so, a knife is a match for a
DRAWN gun.  A knife is utterly silent, it never jams and never runs out
of ammunition.  It is limited only by the speed, dexterity skill and
ability of it's wielder.  Criminals in general are young, fast and
strong.  It's interesting to note that the patterned slashing attacks
used by many martial artists remarkably resemble the wild uncontrolled
slashing attacks of novices.  I've talked to several well trained
martial artists.  They have unanimously agreed that if they ever go up
against a knife they simply plan on being cut, hopefully not as bad as
the attacker.

Practicing with firearms requires facilities and equipment.  Practicing
with knives requires only a small area and something to simulate a
knife, say a popsicle stick or tooth brush.  Criminals practice their
knife attacks in prison.

If you have not trained against knives with a firearm and do not realize
these facts the first inkling you will have that something is wrong is
the knife ripping through your throat, or in the case of an experienced
attacker, parts of your body falling off onto the ground.  A 60 year old
man with arthritis can close that 7 yard distance and gut you in about
one and a half seconds.  Dennis Tueller with a broken leg in a walking
cast managed it in two.  I've seen people close that distance and strike
in 1 second.  I'm old, over weight and slow.  I can do it in 1.3
seconds.  I've seen morgue footage of people killed with edged weapons
that you would not believe.  (How about a single stab wound to the chest
with a TABLE FORK!  In this case the attacker used the HANDLE, not the
pointed end.)

Add to this the 'fact' that hand gun 'stopping' power is largely a myth.
Except in the case of a central nervous system shot, or a round that
destroys the skeletal structure, it takes anywhere from 3 to twelve
seconds for a bullet wound to 'take effect.'

This is true of even heart shots.  There is the case of the police woman
in L.A., the first recorded survivor of a .357 shot to the heart.  That
lady not only killed her attacker, but chased him down to do it!  All
four of her shots, fired after SHE had been shot, struck the perp.  Atta
girl!  The bullet entered her on a downward angle, went through the apex
of her heart, down through the diaphragm, clipped her liver and
destroyed her spleen.  It then exited her back leaving a tennis ball
sized hole.  She died about six times on the operating table, but was
out of the hospital in 15 days and was back on full duty in eight
months!  She was off duty at the time and not wearing her vest.  She was
on her way home so happened to have her gun.  No, she doesn't think
civilians should have the same rights.  Sigh.

The moral of the story is that even if you DO manage to shoot a knife
attacker, you'd better be planning on doing some dodging.  A good
alternative is to shoot for and break the pelvis.  People can often walk
(a little) on broken legs but a broken pelvis will nearly always anchor
them.  Many firearms schools recommend pelvis shots against contact
weapons.  The target is as large as the traditional 'center of mass' and
is more reliable to STOP somebody with a contact weapon, assuming a
caliber powerful enough to 'do the job.'  Hot .38's on up will usually
do this.

Remember folks, the idea isn't to 'take em with you' but for you to live
and them to fail, whatever the consequences for them.  This the reason
'killing them' isn't our goal, or in many cases even good enough to keep
us alive.

I don't want to face a violent attack of any sort.  Knowing what I now
know, I can't rightly say I'd rather face a knife than an gun.  It would
have to depend on the attacker, and if I could pick and choose, I
WOULDN'T BE THERE.  This is really the bottom line.  Criminals do not
fear the law.  Criminals do not fear the weapon.  They fear the citizen
behind the weapon that has shown the resolution and determination to do
whatever it takes.

Rick.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54155
From: bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler)
Subject: Re: "Proper gun control?" What is proper gun control? (was Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card)

/ iftccu:talk.politics.guns / hays@ssd.intel.com (Kirk Hays) /  3:31 pm  Apr 13, 1993 /

>Some of the pro-gun posters in this group own no guns.  The dread 
>"Terminator", aka "The Rifleman", owned no firearms for several years 
>while posting in this group, as an example.  There are others.

Good point, Kirk.

He's still around too.  He's responded by email to a couple of my posts, 
and gosh darn, he's gotten down right civil!  This happed about the time 
he got his first firearm.  Wonder if there is a relationship here?  Turns
out that MOST people (at least the ones who are not criminals to start
with) act responsibility once given the chance.

Rick.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54156
From: chris@MorningStar.Com (Chris Miller)
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

In article <1993Apr14.182610.2330@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>In article <1993Apr14.120958.11363@synapse.bms.com>, hambidge@bms.com writes:
>> 
>> The Second Amendment is about sovereignty, not sporting goods.
>
>	Perfectly correct, but it won't make any difference.

I agree.  Sad, but true.

>
>> Self defense is a valid reason for RKBA.
>
>	The vast majority get through life without ever having to
>	own, use or display a firearm. Besides, there are other
>	means of self-protection which can be just as effective
>	as firearms. 

Please name one.

>
>> Freedoms and rights are not dependent on public opinion, necessity, or
>> scientific scrutiny.
>
>	New to this planet ? EVERYTHING is dependent on either public
>	or political opinion, usually political. To imagine that
>	inalienable 'rights' are somehow wired into the vast cold
>	cosmos is purest egotism and a dangerous delusion.
>

.... Upon which our Bill of Rights is based.  Some delusion.

>> No arguments against RKBA can withstand scientific scrutiny.
>
>	They don't have to. Like so many other things, the issue
>	is one of -perception- rather than boring statistics.
>	Every time some young innocent is gunned-down in a drive
>	by, every time some kid is murdered for a jacket, every
>	time a store clerk is executed for three dollars in change,
>	every time some moron kills his wife because she took the
>	last beer from the fridge, every time someone hears a 'bang'
>	in the night .... the RKBA dies. The stats are not all *that*
>	clearly behind firearms - the protection factor does not
>	strongly outweigh the mindless mayhem factor. Given society
>	as we now experience it - it seems safer to get rid of
>	as many guns as possible. That may be an error, but enough
>	active voters believe in that course. 
>

If this were not true in practice, then certain unethical politicians would
not be passing gun control laws.  Politicians are generally whores to public
opinion.  This does NOT mean the the public is either well informed or correct.
As for the stats,  anyone can support anything with the right stats.  The 
"right" stats, from what I've seen, are sometimes even used to support
conflicting sides of the same issue.


>> How do you intend to 'silence' RKBA supporters?
>
>	Talk all you want. Talk about the "good old days" when
>	you used to own firearms. After a while, such talk will
>	take on the character of war stories ... and no one will
>	be very interested anymore.
>

Used to own firearms? While armed insurrection, as the FF's of the Const. 
may have envisioned seems to me a somewhat fanatical approach to avoiding this,
Political protest is still an option at this point.  I agree that it's 
argueably not enough and/or too late.  If all else fails, there's always
PVC pipe and cosmoline.

--

Chris Miller
chris@MorningStar.Com

My opinions are my own (obviously), and by definition do not reflect the
opinions of anyone else...



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54157
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1993Apr14.232806.18970@beaver.cs.washington.edu> graham@cs.washington.edu (Stephen Graham) writes:
>In article <1qhpcn$b12@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>>Consider a similar structure:
>>"A well-educated electorate, being necessary for the security of a
>>free State, the right of the people to keep and read Books, shall not
>>be infringed."
>>
>>Now, does this mean only the electorate can keep and read books?  Does{
>>it mean only registered voters can keep and read books?  Does it mean 
>>only those who have voted can keep and read books?  Does it imply any
>>restrictions AT ALL on the right to keep and read books?
>
>But it would imply that the state had the right to regulate and enforce
>education.

That's nice, but it doesn't answer the question.  There is a difference
between "the feds can mandate literacy" and "the feds can't interfere
with literacy/book possession".

>>As far as "John Q. Public with a gun," the Supreme Court has already
>>ruled in cases such as US v. Miller (307 U.S. 175 (1939)), and US v.
>>Verdugo-Urquidez (110 S. Ct. 1839 (1990)) that that is EXACTLY what 
>>the amendment protects.  This interpretation can be found as far back
>>as the Dred Scott case, in 1857.
>
>It's worth noting that US vs. Miller sustained Miller's conviction
>of possession of an illegal firearm, noting that a sawed-off shotgun
>was not a proper militia weapon. Therefore, US vs. Miller supports
>limited government regulation of firearms.

Actually, the Miller court did nothing of the kind.  It remanded
the case back to the trial court because the miller court didn't
know if the weapon in question was a militia weapon.  (Doesn't it
bother anyone that a major constitutional issue was taken up in
a case where there was no defense?  Miller had been released by
the appeals court and disappeared - only the govt was represented.)

We don't know what would have happened with the reasonable "all guns
are militia weapons" argument.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54159
From: mpetro@brtph126.bnr.ca (Myron Petro P030)
Subject: Re: Boston Gun Buy Back

>Ron Miller wrote:
>When you ask the question of the "authorities" or sponsors of buyback
>programs whether they will check for stolen weapons and they answer
>"no, it's total amnesty".
 (good point about registration schemes being used only for harassment deleted)

 I would also like to point out that this is receiving stolen property and is 
no different than a pawn shop owner doing the same thing. 
 
  
	Myron Petro
	NRA, USPSA
        DVC y'all
	**************************************************************************
	 The opinions included in this post are my sole responsibility.
	 And are protected by the First Amendment and guarnteed by the 
	 Second Amendment.   

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54160
From: slack@boi.hp.com (David Slack)
Subject: Re: Clinton wants National ID card, aka USSR-style "Internal Passport"


The idea of the card is bull in and of its self, but I'm curious to know, do 
they plan on making it a requirement to *always* have it on you, or is it 
only going to be required to be *presented* when trying to ge medical aid?

BTW, anybody planning on shaving Hillary's head to look for *666*? 8^)

Later Dave,
Days

^^^^^^^^
Goverment logic or just the Clintons?


--
    ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
   |_/_/_/  _/       _/      _/_/  _/  _/ | David H. Slack                  |
   |_/      _/      _/_/    _/     _/ _/  | Boise Surface Mount Center      |
   |_/_/_/  _/     _/  _/   _/     _/_/   | email: slack@hpdmd48.boi.hp.com |
   |    _/  _/    _/_/_/_/  _/     _/ _/  | telnet: 323 4019                |
   |_/_/_/  _/_/ _/      _   _/_/  _/  _/ | phone: (208) 323 4019           |
   |------------------------------------------------------------------------|
   | Hewlett-Packard, 11213 Chinden Blvd., Boise Idaho 83714-1023, M/S #625 |
    ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54162
From: nagle@netcom.com (John Nagle)
Subject: Re: FYI - BATF reply on Waco

      The San Francisco Examiner reports that Clinton has issued instructions
to federal law enforcement that they may not kill or injure anyone to 
resolve the Waco situation.  So they've built a fence around the compound,
and are now seriously considering building up the fence to prison-camp
levels, pulling out most of the manpower, and waiting however many months
it takes.

					John Nagle

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54163
From: jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1993Apr16.171115.16812@synapse.bms.com>, hambidge@bms.com writes:
-> Actually, the words "A well regulated Milita, being necessary to the
-> security of a free state" is a present participle, used as an
-> adjective to modify 'militia', which is followed by the main clause of
-> the sentence, the subject being 'the right', the verb 'shall'.  It
-> asserts that the right to keep and bear arms is essential for
-> maintaining a milita. 
-> a free state.

Yes, I agree the first half of the amendment does modify the noun 
militia.  But the difinition of modify that applies to how "well regulated" 
modifies "militia" is:
	to qualify or limit the meaning of.  For example, "wet"
	modifes "day" in the phrase "a wet day."

The amendment is similiar to the statement:
	A wet day, being annoying, the right of the people to keep
	and wear boots, shall not be infringed.
So how does a dry day pertain the right to use boots?  Similiar,
what does the "unorganized militia" have to due with the right to
own guns?

-> The sentence [in the Second Amendment] doesn't restrict the right, or
-> state or imply possession of the right by anyone or anything other
-> than the people.  All it does is make a positive statement regarding a
-> right of the people. The PEOPLE, as in you and me, as in the First,
-> Fourth, Ninth, Tenth, as well as the Second amendment.
-> The existence of this right is assumed - it is not granted by the
-> amendment. There is no stated or implied condition relating the right
-> to bear arms to the necessity of a well-regulated militia to the security of
-> In other words, the entire sentence says that the right to keep and
-> bear arms is UNCONDITIONAL.

No not, unconditional, but "shall not be infringed".  Infringed
is defined as:
	To break or ignore the terms of or obligations (an oath, 
	an agreement, law, or the like); to disreguard; violate.
	To go beyond the boundaries or limits; tresspass; encroach.
This definition implies the following of some form of existing 
agreement.  Laws and agreements are made in advance.  Boundaries 
or limits of behavior are set by society as a whole.  The word 
"unconditional" implies no agreements or all previous agreements 
are off, which is the opposite.

The words used in the first amendment are much stronger, i.e.,
"congress shall make no law," are much stronger.  They clearly 
	         ^^^^^^^^^^^
imply "unconditional."  If the writers of the amendment, wanted 
unconditional whay didn't they says, "congress shall make no 
laws pertaining the the right of the people to keep and bear arms"?
The second amendment implies a sort contract between the people
the people and the state.  The bigger part of the contract is
the people have the right to overthrew the government and its laws
at any time.  To guarantee this right, the laws cannot stopped
the people from forming a "well regutaled militia."  The duties
of a "well regulated militia" to the government are descussed in 
Federalist No. 29.  And the limits of of the governmental control
of the militia are descussed in Article I Section 8, Article II 
Section 2, and the Second Amendment of the constitution.

-- 
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
|                             |  "If only it were a modern document, with a   |
| John Lawrence Rutledge      | smart index and hyper links stretching all    |
| Research Assistant          | through the world data net.  It was terribly  |
|                             | frustrating to flip back and forth between    |
| Interactive Media Group     | the pages and crude flat illustrations that   |
| Computer Science Department | never even moved.  Nor were there animated    |
| UMass - Lowell              | arrows or zoom-ins.  It completely lacked a   |
| 1 University Ave.           | for sound.                                    |
| Lowell, MA 01854            |  "Most baffling of all was the problem of new |
|                             | words...  In normal text you'd only have to   |
| (508) 934-3568              | touch an unfamiliar word and the definition   |
| jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu     | would pop up just below."                     |
|                             |                    from David Brin's "Earth"  |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54164
From: jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge)
Subject: Re: "militia" (incredibly long)

In article <1qna9m$nq8@transfer.stratus.com>, cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
-> In article <C5L0n2.5LL@ulowell.ulowell.edu>, jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) writes:
-> > But, do you knew how much organization is required to training a large
-> > group of poeple twice a year.  Just to try to get the same people
-> > every year, provide a basic training to new people so they can
-> > be integrated into the force, and find a suitable location, it 
-> > requires a continually standing committee of organizers.  
-> 
-> Again, my response is, "so what?"  Is Mr. Rutledge arguing that since
-> the local and federal governments have abandoned their charter to support
-> such activity, and passed laws prohibiting private organizations from 
-> doing so, that they have eliminated the basis for the RKBA?   On the
-> contrary, to anyone who understands the game, they have strengthened it.

No, I originally argued that the Second Amendment was "a little bit
and an anachronism."  These prohibiting laws are examples why the are
an anachronism.  After all, laws in made by representatives of the 
people.  These representatives of the people have already decided
that the Second Amendment does not apply or is too broad in some
cases.  Since these representatives feel an unconditional 
interpretation is not wanted, then it is probable that they majority
of the people feel the same way.  If this is so, it is an example
of the people using their power of government.  If this is not
how the people feel, the people should stand up and state their wishes.
 
> Mox nix, Mr. Rutledge.  YOU are the only one here claiming that the
-> RKBA is dependent on the existence of a top-flight, well-regulated
-> militia.  Why this is a false assumption has already been posted a 
-> number of times.  

No, I simple stated that the people have a right to "join a well
organized militia."  And I have also stated that a militia that
meets once or twice a year is clearly "well organized."  And this
state of readiness that I have claimed the people have a "right"
to, is the same state of readiness expected of the militia as stated
by Hamilton. 


-- 
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
|                             |  "If only it were a modern document, with a   |
| John Lawrence Rutledge      | smart index and hyper links stretching all    |
| Research Assistant          | through the world data net.  It was terribly  |
|                             | frustrating to flip back and forth between    |
| Interactive Media Group     | the pages and crude flat illustrations that   |
| Computer Science Department | never even moved.  Nor were there animated    |
| UMass - Lowell              | arrows or zoom-ins.  It completely lacked a   |
| 1 University Ave.           | for sound.                                    |
| Lowell, MA 01854            |  "Most baffling of all was the problem of new |
|                             | words...  In normal text you'd only have to   |
| (508) 934-3568              | touch an unfamiliar word and the definition   |
| jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu     | would pop up just below."                     |
|                             |                    from David Brin's "Earth"  |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54165
From: donb@netcom.com (Don Baldwin)
Subject: Re: FYI - BATF reply on Waco

In article <C5L480.K7u@elite.intel.com> dgw@elite.intel.com (Dennis Willson) 
writes:
>On March 8, I sent strongly worded letters critisizing the BATF in
>their handling of the Randy Weaver and Branch Davidian cases to 
>several politicians (Ore. Senators Bob Packwood and Mark Hatfield,
>Representative Elizabeth Furse and Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen).
>While I have never been a supporter of Bob Packwood, I must admit
>that he seems to be the only one who has done anything but round-file
>my letter.

Well, I didn't bother writing to Boxer, Feinstein or Eshoo, the terrible
trio who allegly represent me.  Instead, I wrote to Bentsen.  My letter
was not exactly strongly-worded; I simply stated that the BATF approach
was immoral (military-style assault, firing into a house where they knew
there were kids).

Aparently, Bentsen forwarded my letter to the BATF and they responded to 
me directly.  It follows the text of your reply pretty closely.  However,
I intend to send another letter directly to them, in return.

>Prior to the service of the Federal search warrant, numerous efforts
>were made to locate and effect the arrest of David Koresh away from the
>compound.  These efforts were unsuccessful.  Even if David Koresh had
>been arrested while away from the compound, action would have been
>required against his followers (who are just as violent as he) during
>the subsequent search of the premises.

This section is not in the letter that I received.  The parts about ATF
logo and steenking badges or their loss of the element of surprise
were not included, either.

>                          Sincerely yours,
>
>                          Daniel M. H??l??tt  [can't make out signature]
>                          Deputy Director

The same guy with the bad handwriting apparently signed my letter, "for
Richard L. Garner; Chief, Special Operations Division".

      don




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54166
From: bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler)
Subject: Re: Non-lethal alternatives to handguns?

/ iftccu:talk.politics.guns / steiner@jupiter.ca.boeing.com / 12:07 am  Apr 15, 1993 /
>douglas craig holland (holland@CS.ColoState.EDU) writes:
>[...lostsa' crap deleted. trim your articles!...]
>
>> What about guns with non-lethal bullets, like rubber or plastic 
>> bullets. Would those work very well in stopping an attack?
>
>last i heard, "non-lethal" was a bit of a misnomer for these things.

Also, you need to consider our legal system.  Since any of these things
CAN be lethal, you are going to have a hard time explaining why you applied 
lethal force when you DIDN'T think it was necessary.  (If you thought lethal
force was necessary, you wouldn't be using rubber bullets, would you?) Ouch.  
If you are justified in shooting them at all, you are justified in using 
the best self defense ammunition you can get your hands on.  It might actually
IMPROVE the legal outcome.

This is why hollow points hold up in court.  They are safer for you, safer
for innocent by standers, (don't as a rule go through the perp) and actually
safer for the perp.  If you are using military hard ball, you may have to 
shoot him 'MANY' times, where one or two hollow points might stop him and 
do the job.  As a rule, the fewer wound channels, the better the chance 
for his surviving the incident.

Rick

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54167
From: bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler)
Subject: Re: Gun Lovers (was Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card)

>Hell, a Glock is the last thing that should be switched to.  The only thing
>that I know about a Glock is the lack of a real safety on it.  Sure there is
>that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety.

You're getting warmer.  The 'little thing in the trigger' has to be
depressed before the trigger can move.  What this means is the damned
thing won't go off until the trigger is pulled.  This makes it just
about (there HAVE been some problems, but we're assuming the gun is
functioning correctly..) as safe as a revolver.  The gun when working
correctly is totally drop safe.

Now, in police work this is a consideration.  There is not a single
documented case I'm aware of where a police officer was killed because
he failed to operate the safety on his firearm.  There are quite a few
documented cases where criminals got hold of the cops gun and couldn't
figure out how to get the safety off in time to use the gun, thus the
proprietary nature of the safety (to the criminal at least) very likely
prevented the office from getting shot.

The purpose of a safety is to make the gun safe from unintentional fire.
This does not mean it should be so complicated as to slow down
intentional use!  Thus the Glock safety is perfectly adequate from a
'safety' standpoint, but not necessarily the most desirable from the
standpoint of open carry where it is easily grabbed by somebody else.
By this criteria it DOES make a lot of sense as a concealed carry piece.
From the standpoint of police use, it is no better (or worse) than a
revolver as far as being 'proprietary' to the officer in the method of
firing it.

The ideal solution may someday be biometric sensing of the user so that
the firearm can't be used by anybody but it's owner, but for now the
wide variety of safety systems helps, unless the criminal happens to be
familiar with that particular type of firearm.

Rick.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54168
From: bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler)
Subject: Re: Gun Lovers (was Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card)

/ iftccu:talk.politics.guns / vincent@cad.gatech.edu (Vincent Fox) / 10:34 am  Apr 14, 1993 /

This isn't rec.guns, so maybe this is getting a bet technical, but I
can't resist....

> - A revolver also has the advantage that if it misfires you just pull
>   the trigger again.

Sometimes.....  Depends on WHY it misfired....

> - A double-action revolver (almost all of them) can be hand-cocked first,
>   but will fire merely by pulling the trigger.

I can't imagine doing much combat type shooting single action.....

> - A misfire in a revolver merely means you must pull the trigger again
>   to rotate to the next round.

Assuming the cylinder WILL rotate....

> - A revolver can be carried with the 6th chamber empty and under the
>   hammer for maximum safety, but still can be drawn and fired with an
>   easy motion, even one handed.

Never hurts to err on the side of safety, but if you've got one of those
'new fangled' hammer blocks or transfer bar safeties, it's unnecessarily
redundant.  I'd rather have the extra round.

> - Speedloaders for a revolver allow reloads almost as fast as magazines
>   on semi-autos. Can be faster depending on users.

Quite true.  Speed loaders are a little less convenient to pack around
than magazines though.

> - A misfire in a semi-auto will require you to clear a jammed shell
>   first, time spent which can be fatal. And a vital second or so is often
>   lost as you realize "hey, it's jammed!" before starting to do anything
>   about clearing it.

True, but this is a training function.

> - Most semi-autos must have the slide worked to chamber the first round
>   and cock the hammer. Some police carry their semi-autos with the
>   chamber loaded and hammer cocked, but a safety engaged. I do not consider
>   this safe however. You must trade-off safety to get the same speed
>   of employment as a revolver.

Cocked and locked for single actions or hammer down on double actions
are the only carry modes that make sense...  The 80 series Colt's for
example are quite safe to carry this way.

> - There are some double-action semi-autos out there, but the complexity of
>   operation of many of them requires more training.

Agreed.

Now that I've shot off my mouth a bit, let me back some of this up.  It
is true that a simple misfire on a revolver doesn't cost you much.  On
the other hand, I've had all sorts of interesting things happen over the
years.  For example, I've had FACTORY ammunition that has had high
primers.  A high primer will tie your revolver up somewhere from seconds
to minutes while you try to pound the action open to clear the problem.
An auto?  Jack the slide and continue.

I've had bullets come out of the case, keeping the cylinder from
turning, see clearing paragraph above.  About the WORST that can happen
with a semi auto is a double feed.  This can be cleared in seconds.

Most revolvers are more 'fragile' then semi auto's.  There are all sorts
of close tolerance parts and fitting involved.  Dropping the gun, or a
blow to the gun or all sorts of things can take it out of action.  Many
of the problems that can be cured on the spot with a (quality) semi auto
take a gun smith for a revolver.  In short a revolver MAY be less likely
to malfunction, but as a rule when it does, you're out of the fight.
The majority of malfunctions that occur with semi autos does not fall
into that category.

Vincint makes many good points in this post, but leaves off the opposing
view of most of them.  A real good starting place is Ayoob's "The Semi
Auto Pistol for Police and Self Defense."

In general, I'd agree, the revolver is an excellent first gun and self
defense weapon for somebody that does not have the time, and inclination
that is necessary for the training and practice needed to use a semi
auto effectively as a self defense arm.

Most cops are notoriously indifferent to firearms.  If the department
isn't going to train them, they aren't going to take the time on their
own.  There is no doubt that training is an issue.  The amount of
training required for effective use of a semi auto is probably several
times that of a revolver.  Many cops don't bother.

For myself, I'd hate to be limited to one or the other.  I'd rather pick
what fits better with my personal inclination, what I'm wearing that day
and so on.  Like the Moderator on rec.guns says, buy em all!

That said, I have to admit that often my advice to people thinking of
buying their first defense arm is (right after taking a class) get a
Ruger or Smith revolver....  (Sorry Colt fans.  Colt revolvers are ok
too!)

If this post had gone the other way, I'd be arguing for revolvers. :-)

Rick.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54169
From: bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler)
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

/ iftccu:talk.politics.guns / jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu /  6:26 am  Apr 14, 1993 /

>	The vast majority get through life without ever having to
>	own, use or display a firearm.


I suppose that depends on how you define 'vast' majority....

You are correct about 'majority.'  Somewhere between 1 out of three and 
one out of 10 will at some period in their lives experience a violent 
assault.  The risk is generally higher than emergency medical problems
like heart attack and stroke.

'Vast' is probably too loose a term.  With approximately 1,000,000 Americans
using firearms each year, over a 30 year period we get (roughly, since some
may have to do this more than once) 30 MILLION Americans with experience in 
using firearms for self defense.  30/250 yields 12 percent of the population.
(Yes, I know that is a REAL rough estimate.  We're closer to 270 million now, 
but many of these are minors and should be included etc, thus the percentage
if anything is low.)

At any rate, most minority groups in this range are not usually referred 
to as 'tiny' minorities, so I don't see how the other part of the group 
can be referred to as the 'vast' majority.  A little more work might 
support a 'simple' majority of Americans never use, own or display a firearm.

Certainly when you are talking about OWNERSHIP you are wrong.  Nearly half
of your fellow citizens own one or more firearms.  

>	                               Besides, there are other
>	means of self-protection which can be just as effective
>	as firearms. 

Please provide a list of other means that are as effective.  Then you might 
convince your local police departments to switch.  Good luck.

Rick.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54170
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

In article <0096B294.AAD9C1E0@uinpla.npl.uiuc.edu> reimer@uinpla.npl.uiuc.edu  
(Paul E. Reimer) writes:
> In article <1qkftjINNoij@cronkite.cisco.com>, pitargue@cisco.com (Marciano  
Pitargue) writes:
> 
> [stuff deleted about causes of people in ER]
> 
> >and your factoid about shooting victims in the ER.  count how many come in
> >due to automobile accidents and automobile crimes.  maybe we should outlaw
> >cars.
> >marciano pitargue@cisco.com
> 
> There are a lot of automobile accidents, but atleast there is some
> regulation to try to combat this.  

Such as?  Drunk drivers get back on the road in no time, to kill again.  Seems  
the driver's license process does not work for this.

> When I got my drivers license, I HAD
> to take a drivers safety class.  

Because you wanted one while you were underage.

> I HAVE to be licensed to drive.  

Only on public roads.

> My car
> MUST be registered.  

Only if it is to be driven on public roads, other than between segments of my  
property.

> I MUST (at least where I live) have liability
> insurance on both myself driving and my car (if someone else had an
> accident with it).  

Only on public roads.

> Hmm, wouldn't manditory saftey classes, registration
> of both the owner and gun, and manditory liability insurance be nice for
> gun owners.

Perhaps, if it gave them permission to shoot in public roads and parks. :-)

> 
> Paul Reimer
> reimer@uinpluxa.npl.uiuc.edu

Jim

--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54172
From: jfs@cco.caltech.edu (Johanes F. Swenberg)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my....

In article <1993Apr16.194708.13273@vax.oxford.ac.uk> jaj@vax.oxford.ac.uk writes:
>What all you turkey pro-pistol and automatic weapons fanatics don't seem to
>realize is that the rest of us *laugh* at you. You don't make me angry, you
>just make me chuckle -

Steve,
     It's nice that you find me laughable but I don't quite
understand.  Is it because you think my firearms clash with
what I'm wearing, or that my NRA sticker isn't on straight?
Please state your judgement! 
     I find it sad that people won't accept the responsibility
to defend themselves.  And I laugh with the same contempt you
have for me at the sheep who expect the government to protect
them.

>What he didn't realize was that we took a photo of the back of his truck, and
>showed it to our friends when we got back to Vancouver,  Canada (where I'm from
>originally). People were guffawing at the basic stupidity of such a
>sticker, and the even greater stupidity of the person who put it there in the
>first place! :)

You and your friends sound like a bunch of smug intellectuals.

>Now that I live in Britain, I can see how the rest of the civilized world
>perceives you gun-nut morons. 

Oh,   I guess you are.  I'm still waiting for you all-knowing
academic-likes to solve the worlds problems.  Let us know when
you have the answers or punch lines as this case may be.

>The only problem is that Canada, I hear, is suffering from your national
>eccentricity, in that easy to purchase weapons are being smuggled cross the
>border.

So it's not a "Yankee" thing?
Are Canadians actually as uncivilized as we Americans?

>Hell, here in Britain, the cops don't even carry guns. 

Well if it's anything like here it wouldn't matter if they
did; they wouldn't be able to use them.

>Hell, as I recall, in People's Court, even Rusty carried a gun! Never
>know, some plaintiff might go nuts. :)  )

You shouldn't waste your time watching TV, Steve. It will corrupt
your mind.

>
>Anyway, all you gun nut Rush Limbaugh fans, please *keep* up your diatribes
>against Brady and other  evil "Liberal media" plots  - you 're so damn funny!
>You provide endless amounts of entertainment in your arguments and examples of
>why someone should be allowed to carry a piece! Keep us all chuckling!

Ditto to you, Self Righteous One.
Lay your derogatory tirade on thick, Steve.  Y'all can keep laughing and
I'll keep feeling safe and secure.

>
>Steve


Johanes 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54173
From: cathy@LANCE.ColoState.Edu (Cathy Smith)
Subject: Reminder -- Denver Rally Tomorrow

*****************************************************************
*                                                               *
*                        MONSTER RALLY!!                        *
*          ==  For the Right to Own and Carry Weapons ==        *
*                                                               *
*    TOMORROW, Sunday, April 18, 1993, from 1:00 to 3:30 p.m.,  *
*       the Denver LIBERTARIAN PARTY will sponsor a rally       *
*              AT THE STATE CAPITOL in support of               *
*         the individual right to own and carry weapons.        *
*                                                               *
* Speakers will include former Colorado deputy attorney general *
*  DAVID KOPEL, radio host KEN HAMBLIN, DLP Chair DAVID SEGAL,  *
* pistol instructor LENDA JACKSON, and novelist L. NEIL SMITH.  *
*                                                               *
* Your presence and participation are highly welcome.  For more *
*       information call David Segal at (303) 296-4059.         *
*                                                               *
*****************************************************************

Cathy Smith

My opinions are, of course, my own.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54174
From: VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: "militia" (incredibly long)

In article <C5n0vy.EJ6@ulowell.ulowell.edu> jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) writes:

>In article <1qna9m$nq8@transfer.stratus.com>, cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>-> 
>-> Again, my response is, "so what?"  Is Mr. Rutledge arguing that since
>-> the local and federal governments have abandoned their charter to support
>-> such activity, and passed laws prohibiting private organizations from 
>-> doing so, that they have eliminated the basis for the RKBA?   On the
>-> contrary, to anyone who understands the game, they have strengthened it.
>
>No, I originally argued that the Second Amendment was "a little bit
>and an anachronism."  These prohibiting laws are examples why the are
>an anachronism.  After all, laws in made by representatives of the 
>people.  These representatives of the people have already decided
>that the Second Amendment does not apply or is too broad in some
>cases.  Since these representatives feel an unconditional 
>interpretation is not wanted, then it is probable that they majority
>of the people feel the same way.  If this is so, it is an example
>of the people using their power of government.  If this is not
>how the people feel, the people should stand up and state their wishes.

       I'll point out that the whole point of the difficult amendment
process was to require a super-majority to change the Supreme Law,
making it impossible for a "majority" of the people to simply change
the law on a whim.  Simply changing the meaning based on "the
representatives" of the people effectively destroys the amendment
process.  The State's, you know, are also entitled to a say under
that process.
 
>> Mox nix, Mr. Rutledge.  YOU are the only one here claiming that the
>-> RKBA is dependent on the existence of a top-flight, well-regulated
>-> militia.  Why this is a false assumption has already been posted a 
>-> number of times.  
>
>No, I simple stated that the people have a right to "join a well
>organized militia." 

       I'll note that that right could be considered protected under
the first amendment's protection of peaceful assembly.  Unless
you would consider a militia inherently non-peaceful, then they've
stated the same thing twice.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54175
From: VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my....

In article <1993Apr16.194708.13273@vax.oxford.ac.uk> jaj@vax.oxford.ac.uk writes:

>What all you turkey pro-pistol and automatic weapons fanatics don't seem to
>realize is that the rest of us *laugh* at you. You don't make me angry, you
>just make me chuckle 

       That's nice.  We strive for entertainment value.  :-)     

>- I remeber being in Bellingham, Washington and seeing a
>pick-up truck in front of the car that my friend and I were in. It had a bumper
>sticker proclaiming "Gun Control is a firm grip on a .45." Now I'm sure that
>that wanker thought he was pretty cool.
>What he didn't realize was that we took a photo of the back of his truck, and
>showed it to our friends when we got back to Vancouver,  Canada (where I'm from
>originally). People were guffawing at the basic stupidity of such a
>sticker, and the even greater stupidity of the person who put it there in the
>first place! :)

       In the first place, you have to realize the feeling goes both
ways.  Canadians laugh at the U.S., and Americans simply shrug and
woner why the hell we let them be a State in the first place.  ;-)       

>I knew somebody else who went to one of your "Gun-mart" superstore places, just
>so he could experience the sight of people putting guns and ammo into shopping
>carts! I didn't believe it myself until I drove by one in Vegas last year!!!

       Interesting strategy, posting here with complaints about
people elsewhere.

>Now that I live in Britain, I can see how the rest of the civilized world
>perceives you gun-nut morons. 

        Courtesy is apparently a dead commodity in the rest of the
civilized world.  "Gun nut morons," indeed.        

>The BBC recently referred to the American 
>penchant for pistols, automatic weapons,etc.  very  appropriately - it was
>called a "national eccentricity."

        We've got guns, they've got a monarch and an economy on the verg
of collapse.  Finger pointing across the Atlanticis a waste or time.

>The only problem is that Canada, I hear, is suffering from your national
>eccentricity, in that easy to purchase weapons are being smuggled cross the
>border.

       Canada has been blaming the U.S. for their problems for years.
The simple fact of the matter is this:  Ten years ago they crowed about
how great their system was because they'd gotten rid of the guns and
the U.S. would be so much better if they'd just get into the divine light
shining from the North.  We pointed out that it was cultural differences,
and pointed to their pre-control crime rates.  We also pointed out that
the history of the entire world contained smuggling, and that whenever
something was wanted, it was smuggled in.
       If the problem were based on U.S. guns, it would have surfaced
years before.

       Now more Canadian criminals want guns.  And they are being provided.
Canada has its own version of the drug problem.  Yet drugs are prohibited
in the U.S.

>Hell, here in Britain, the cops don't even carry guns. (That's another funny
>thing - you see a US border guard, and he's got his .45 or .38 on his belt,
>with tons o' spare ammo - never know, maybe some canadian shopper might get out
>of hand. Hell, as I recall, in People's Court, even Rusty carried a gun! Never
>know, some plaintiff might go nuts. :)  )

       Saw a news report out of Britain that armed crime is on the rise,
and several police agencies are considering have permanent "firearms
officers" to deal with it.

       According to U.S. News & World Report, British handgun deaths have
risen over 250% over the past twelve years.  The U.S. number has dropped
5%.

       Maybe they're smuggling them across the U.S./U.K. border.  Yeah,
that's the ticket.

>CYA!

       Have a nice day, Steve.  Learn a little common courtesy and
politeness.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54176
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

In article <0096B294.AAD9C1E0@uinpla.npl.uiuc.edu> reimer@uinpla.npl.uiuc.edu (Paul E. Reimer) writes:

>In article <1qkftjINNoij@cronkite.cisco.com>, pitargue@cisco.com (Marciano Pitargue) writes:
>
>[stuff deleted about causes of people in ER]
>
>>and your factoid about shooting victims in the ER.  count how many come in
>>due to automobile accidents and automobile crimes.  maybe we should outlaw
>>cars.
>>marciano pitargue@cisco.com
>
>There are a lot of automobile accidents, but atleast there is some
>regulation to try to combat this.  When I got my drivers license, I HAD
>to take a drivers safety class.  

      Tennessee, at least, does not require any sort of safety class to
get a driver's license.  All that is required is one twenty question
quiz and to drive a car around the block without crashing.

>I HAVE to be licensed to drive.  

      In all probability, no you don't.  You are required to be licensed
to drive on public roads.  A license is not necessary on private property.

>My car
>MUST be registered.  

       Most states do not require the registration of cars that are
not used on public roads.  Those that do (California I know of) do
so for tax purposes more than anything else.
    
>I MUST (at least where I live) have liability
>insurance on both myself driving and my car (if someone else had an
>accident with it).  

       Many states do not currently require this, and most, again,
only make this requirement for public roads.  A car sitting unused 
is not required to have insurance.

>Hmm, wouldn't manditory saftey classes, registration
>of both the owner and gun, and manditory liability insurance be nice for
>gun owners.

       The two are not the same, as I pointed out above.  There are
significant difference between making rules for *use on public property*
and *making rules for ownership*.

       The other half of the objection is trust.  Similar things to this
have been tried in many local jurisdications across the country, and
have been abused in far too many cases.   Safety classes which are
never sheduled, never funded, or only one or two is held a year for
a limited number of participants.  Registration lists in New York,
Chicago, and California have been used for confiscation.  *Many* gun
owners would, in theory, support these planes.  (Although the
numbers overwhelmingly show that competence is not the problem, that
intentional misuse is).  They've simply seen it abused and are leery of
the next person who comes down the pike with a "reasonable" suggestion
they've already seen abused.




------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54177
From: bixledn@eng.auburn.edu (David N. Bixler)
Subject: Re: criminals & machineguns

   There's only one way I know of to tell an AR-15 from an M-16.
   Pick it up, hold it about a foot from your face and look closely
   at the saftey lever.  If it has two positions, its an AR-15, if
   it has three, its an M-16.  There are numerous internal differences
   as well, but since one would have to field strip the weapon to see
   them, they are not valid in this discussion.  So, in conclusion,
   there is very little external differences to distinguish an AR-15
   from an M-16 except at close (very close) range.

   David Bixler
   Auburn University

   All standard disclaimers apply.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54178
From: joan@koala.berkeley.edu ()
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

In article <C5Lrpq.50o@idacom.hp.com> guy@idacom.hp.com (Guy M. Trotter) writes:
>
>Hi,
>
>In Canada, any gun that enters a National Park must be sealed (I think it's a
>small metal tag that's placed over the trigger).  The net result of this is
>that you _can't_ use a gun to protect yourself from bears (or psychos) in the
>National Parks.  Instead, one has to be sensitive to the dangers and annoyances
>of hiking in bear country, and take the appropriate precautions.
>
>I think this policy makes the users of the National Parks feel a little closer
>to Nature, that they are a part of Nature and, as such, have to deal with
>nature on it's own terms.
>
>Guy

Hello,

	I understand this philosophy.  The bears are a national
treasure, the area is their sanctuary and people who enter it
do so at their own risk.  It is better that that rare human be
killed by a bear than that bears be provoked or shot by unbear-savvy
visitors.  The bears aren't having a population explosion, humans
are so it is better that a human be killed than endanger the bears.
I don't agree with this philosopy, but I understand it.

	The psychos are a bit different.  They are not a national
treasure but I suppose the decision has been made that to "allow"
provision for defense against them would also "allow" provision
for defense against bears.  Again, I suppose it has been decided
that it is better for the rare human to be killed by a psycho than
to take a chance on threatening the bears.

	Personally, I wouldn't go into an area where I would be
"managed" so as to reduce my safety ..... but ... come to think
of it I guess I live in a managed wilderness myself :-)

Joan V  



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54179
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1993Apr16.010235.14225@mtu.edu> cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter) writes:
<In article <C5Bu9M.2K7@ulowell.ulowell.edu>
<jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) wrote:
<
<> [ ... excellent exchange deleted ... ]
<> It seems to me the whole reason for the Second Amendment, to give
<> the people protection from the US government by guaranteeing that the
<> people can over through the government if necessary, is a little bit
<> of an anachronism is this day and age.  Maybe its time to re-think
<> how this should be done and amend the constitution appropriately.
<
<    Abraham Lincoln, First Inaugural Address, March 4, 1861: "This
<    country, with its institutions, belongs to the people who inhabit
<    it.  Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing government,
<    they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it, or
<    their revolutionary right to dismember it or overthrow it."
<
<    Rep. Elbridge Gerry of Massachusetts, spoken during floor debate
<    over the Second Amendment, I Annals of Congress at 750, 17 August
<    1789: "What, Sir, is the use of a militia?  It is to prevent the
<    establishment of a standing army, the bane of liberty. ...
<    Whenever Governments mean to invade the rights and liberties of
<    the people, they always attempt to destroy the militia, in order
<    to raise an army upon their ruins."
<
<So now we know which category Mr. Rutledge is in; He means to destroy
<our Liberties and Rights.

What I find so hard to understand is how come some people, apparantly
NOT connected with government or otherwise privileged, will
go to great lengths, redefinitions, re-interpretations, in a full-bore
attempt to THROW AWAY THE PROTECTION OF THEIR OWN RIGHTS under the
Constitution!!!

Almost makes me think of lemmings running into the sea during a lemming
year...

I really wonder that Jefferson and Madison would say to these folks?

<-------------------------------------------------------------
<"...when all government... in little as in great things, shall be
<drawn to Washington as the centre of all power, it will render
<powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will
<become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we
<separated."   Thomas Jefferson, 1821

Excellent quote.

-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54180
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

In article <1qpavfINN2jp@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:
:In article <0096B294.AAD9C1E0@uinpla.npl.uiuc.edu> reimer@uinpla.npl.uiuc.edu  
:(Paul E. Reimer) writes:
:> In article <1qkftjINNoij@cronkite.cisco.com>, pitargue@cisco.com (Marciano  
:Pitargue) writes:
:> 
:> [stuff deleted about causes of people in ER]
:> 
:> >due to automobile accidents and automobile crimes.  maybe we should outlaw
:> >cars.
:> There are a lot of automobile accidents, but atleast there is some
:> regulation to try to combat this.  
:
:Such as?  Drunk drivers get back on the road in no time, to kill again.  Seems  
:the driver's license process does not work for this.
:
I can testify to this. My cousin spent a few weeks in the hospital, and his
friend was killed, because of a drunk driver.  The son-of-a-b**** is back on 
the streets... Officers from the scene are still p***ed about that one.

:> to take a drivers safety class.  
:
:Because you wanted one while you were underage.
:
:> I HAVE to be licensed to drive.  
:
:Only on public roads.
:
:> My car
:> MUST be registered.  
:
:Only if it is to be driven on public roads, other than between segments of my  
:property.
:
:> I MUST (at least where I live) have liability
:> insurance on both myself driving and my car (if someone else had an
:> accident with it).  
:
:Only on public roads.
And this obviously doesn't always work, else why would they offer uninsured 
motorist coverage?
:
:> Hmm, wouldn't manditory saftey classes, registration
:> of both the owner and gun, and manditory liability insurance be nice for
:> gun owners.
I object to mandatory registration because I don't trust my government not to
use any information I give them for their own purposes.  I am licensed to
carry a concealed pistol in my home state, but they never asked whether I 
actually owned a firearm.  A safety class before issuing a permit to carry is
reasonably, provided such classes are regularly available to the public.  Of
course, most places would consider my time in the reserves and on a competition
rifle team to count.  
:
:Perhaps, if it gave them permission to shoot in public roads and parks. :-)
Hey, now that's an idea :)
:
:> Paul Reimer
:
:Jim

Now, unless you have an agenda against private ownership of firearms, why would
you want to harass the person trying to legally defend themselves or exercise 
their rights? (I know, defending oneself/family/whoever IS a right... at least
as far as my 9mm and I are concerned... ) (Also as far as the State of Alabama
seems to be concerned)  Why don't you push for stricter prosecution of those
who use firearms in the commission of a crime?  I've already pointed out how
we aren't nailing DUI's hard enough...  Comparing the US with other countries
seldom works, but the European attitude towards alchohol and DUI seems to work..
Their attitude towards weapons isn't really a valid comparison because they've
historically done their best to keep the populace disarmed and submissive,
while our country was founded by a bunch of rugged individualists who told the
European monarchies (for the most part) to take a flying leap (used more polite
language though).  We even weaseled out of our first international treaty, and
then convinced the French that it was in their best interests not to complain..
But first we had to overcome the fact that the Brits were doing their best to 
restrict us to squirrel guns and such, so we'd be properly submissive while
they forced us to pay for their wars.  Of course, most American history classes
these days tend to gloss over facts that do not fit the image they wish to 
convey... I'm glad my Amer. Hist. teacher was a Libertarian who had us review
a good portion of the Federalist Papers, and debate their origins and meanings.

enough rambling,

James


-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54181
From: jim.wray@yob.sccsi.com (Jim Wray)
Subject: CNN for sale


W.K. Gorman:

<3>> Maybe now's the time for us, the NRA, GOA, CCRTKBA, SAF, et al to band
<3>> together and buy CNN as *our* voice. Wouldn't that be sumpin....broadcast
<3>> the truth for a change and be able to air a favorable pro-gun item or two..

<3>I would like to see this happen. I don't think it will. I don't
<3>think the average gun-owner will take any notice of what is happening
<3>until they break down HIS door.

<3>BUT I will go on record publicly to the effect that I will contribute a
<3>minimum of $1,000.00 to the buy-out fund if it can be organized and made
<3>viable. Anybody else want to put their money where their mouth is?  :)
<3>There ar 50+ MILLION gun owners out there. If - and it's a big and
<3>not very realistic if - we got hold of CNN, the anti-gun bullshit would
<3>STOP RIGHT THERE. Why won't it happen - because nobody will get off their
<3>ass and MAKE it happen. Nuts.

Any NRA headquarters weenies listening to this man. Any RTKBA organization
honcho listening. It's time to stop fighting the Brady's and the Schumer's
(now there's an interesting meaning to the acronynm BS) from the comfort
of the office....we had better get serious with our time and money and get
after it or we might just as well pack it in now.
---
 . OLX 2.2 . Gun control advocates must have had a sanity by-pass!
                                           
----
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Ye Olde Bailey BBS   713-520-1569 (V.32bis) 713-520-9566 (V.32bis)     |
|   Houston,Texas          yob.sccsi.com       Home of alt.cosuard       |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54182
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Carrying Arms

In article <1993Apr5.220457.6800@spdc.ti.com> dwhite@epcot.spdc.ti.com (Dan White) writes:
>	I have a question about the second amendment that has bothered
>me for awhile.  The amendment guarentees our "right to keep and bear
>arms." Currently, the gun prohibitionists are trying to restrict or
>eliminate our right to keep arms with the Brady Bill and the assault
>weapon ban.  However, haven't we already lost our right to bear arms?

>	It seems that in most states, like Texas, a citizen may own a
>gun and carry while at his home or business.  But a citizen is severely
>restricted from bearing outside these areas.  Here in Texas you cannot
>carry in your car except when "traveling" which is usually defined as
>"traveling across a county line."  How did this come about?  Are there
>any court rulings on the legality of restricting the carrying of a
>weapon outside the home?  

There are, but not any that would help Texans: In many states,
such laws have been found to violate the state constitution. 
But the federal Second Amendment does not apply directly to the
states. It was written to limit the federal government only. 
The Fourteenth Amendment was written to extend the restrictions
of the Bill of Rights to the state level. However, the exact
wording of the Fourteenth Amendment is very vague. The Supreme
Court has been dancing around the issue without facing it
directly for over 100 years. In practice, the Bill of Right
(indirectly applies through the Fourteenth) applies to the
state governments only if the Supreme Court has ruled that 
particular provision. The Court has made no such rulings on
the Second Amendment.

                                                 Frank Crary
                                                 CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54183
From: donb@netcom.com (Don Baldwin)
Subject: Re: 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD - GOOD !

In article <1993Apr18.001319.2340@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu 
writes:
>The bulk of firarems are used against unworthy and unnesessary
>opponents ... those who posessa a cool jakcet you want, those who
>would argue with you about a parking space, those who would
>take your woman. In short, trivial and worthless causes.

That's open for debate.  Certainly, an excessive number of people are
murdered every year but people also do save innocent lives with firearms.
The media just don't tell us when it happens...

>Too much of this has ruined you cause. There is no recovery. 
>In the near future, federal martials will come for your arms.

I think there are more of us than there are federal marshalls...

>No one will help you. You are more dangerous, to their thinking,
>than the 'criminal'. This is your own fault. 

Crap.  It's simplistic thinking on the part of feather-headed dolts.

>The 2nd amendment is dead. Accept this. Find another way.

Nuts.

    don




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54184
From: donb@netcom.com (Don Baldwin)
Subject: Re: 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD - GOOD !

In article <1qrn3aINN4rq@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com 
(Jim De Arras) writes:
>> The 2nd amendment is dead. Accept this. Find another way.
>
>It ain't dead, yet.  And even if it were repealed, remember, it just protects 
>our RKBA, it does not grant any rights.  There would then have to be 
>additional laws passed to outlaw gun possession.

Even if they outlawed private posession of firearms, there would be no moral
force behind that law; I imagine compliance would be low.

    don



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54185
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my....

In article <1993Apr16.194708.13273@vax.oxford.ac.uk>
	jaj@vax.oxford.ac.uk writes:
>What all you turkey pro-pistol and automatic weapons fanatics don't
>seem to realize is that the rest of us *laugh* at you.

So what.  We think you're pretty hilarious too.

I love how you Brit's kiss royal arse.  That you're willing to throw
out freedom-of-speech for the sake of protecting the reputation of the
royal sluts.

That the British government advertised in American newspapers "Send A Gun
to Defend a British Home -- British civilians, faced with threat of
invasion, desperately need arms for the defense of their homes." during
WWII.  [American Rifleman November, 1940]

That The Obscene Publications Act and the Misuse of Drugs Act have been
used as justification for the police to seize masterpieces such as William
S. Burrough's "Junky", Hunter Thompson's "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas",
and Tom Wolfe's "The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test".  British courts have
never recognized the right to assemble or to demonstrate.

That evidence obtained form coerced confessions is allowed in a trial.

That only serious felonies warrant a trial by jury.

That suspected terrorists must prove their innocence, instead of the
government having to prove their guilt.

That the secretary of state may issue an "exclusionary order" which
bars someone from ever entering a particular part of the United Kingdom,
such as Northern Ireland or Wales.

That the BBC banned Paul McCartney's "Give Ireland Back to the Irish"
as well as John Lennon's "Give Peace a Chance" during the Gulf War.

Yes, England is very very funny.  And very pathetic.

>I knew somebody else who went to one of your "Gun-mart" superstore
>places, just so he could experience the sight of people putting guns
>and ammo into shopping carts! I didn't believe it myself until I
>drove by one in Vegas last year!!!

So what.  Laughter is a way of dealing with things we find uncomfortable.
I thought the "Las Vegas Show Girl" ads on Las Vegas street corners were
pretty funny.

Yes indeed, there are many strange and wonderous things in this country.
I wouldn't have it any other way.

>Now that I live in Britain, I can see how the rest of the civilized world
>perceives you gun-nut morons. The BBC recently referred to the American 
>penchant for pistols, automatic weapons,etc.  very  appropriately - it was
>called a "national eccentricity."

I don't disagree with that, I don't think it's bad either.

>The only problem is that Canada, I hear, is suffering from your national
>eccentricity, in that easy to purchase weapons are being smuggled cross the
>border.

So what.  If they didn't come from here they would come from elsewhere
disguised as cocaine.

>Anyway, all you gun nut Rush Limbaugh fans, please *keep* up your diatribes
>against Brady and other  evil "Liberal media" plots  - you 're so damn funny!
>You provide endless amounts of entertainment in your arguments and examples
>of why someone should be allowed to carry a piece! Keep us all chuckling!

You can laugh all you want, for us it's a matter of life or death.
I don't find that funny in the least.

As for England:

"As our allies become more open, Britain grow yet more secretive and
censorious.  Perhaps the real British vice is passivity, a willingness
to tolerate constraints which others would find unbearble." [in "Britain,
An Unfree Country" by Terrence DeQuesne and Edward Goodman, pp 33.]
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54186
From: donb@netcom.com (Don Baldwin)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

In article <1993Apr18.000152.2339@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu 
writes:
>Of those who vote, your cause is considered an abomination. No matter
>how hard you try, public opinion is set against the RKBA. 

Nope.  Here in Northern California, a newspaper recently did a survey,
asking if people favored stricter gun controls.  A full 40% said no.
Here, in one of the most Liberal (it wasn't always a swear word :( areas
of the country, nearly half the people don't want additional controls, let
alone revocation of RKBA...

>This is the end. By the finish of the Clinton administration, your
>RKBA will be null and void. Tough titty.

Misguided dolt though he may be (though, I still maintain, less dangerous
than Bush), Clinton does not publicly support revoking the second amendment.

>Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect
>them. Resistance is useless. They will overwhelm you - one at a time.
>Your neighbors will not help you. They will consider you more if an
>immediate threat than the abstract 'criminal'. 

Well, I'll help MY neighbors...

>Too fucking bad. You have gone the way of the KKK. Violent solutions
>are passe'. Avoid situations which encourage criminals. Then you will
>be as safe as possible. Such as it is ...

Violent solutions are passe'?  I take it you propose disarming the police,
then?

Please don't mention RKBA in the same breath as the KKK.  RKBA is about
being able to defend yourself and others, not about killing the innocent.
Actually, your mention of the KKK is rather funny, considering that the
first gun control law in the US were created specifically to disarm black
people...

    don




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54187
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <CMM.0.90.2.735132009.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no> Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
>Drivers licence:
>Forgot that USA is THE land of cars.....
>Getting one in Scandinavia (and northern europe) is not easy.
>Average time is about 20 hours of training, and the cost is rather......

Is the license required for driving a car exclusively on private
property, such as a farm? Here in the United States, the license
is required only for the use of public roads.

>Abuse by the goverment:
>This seems to be one of the main problems; Any harder gun-control
>would just be abused by the goverment.(!)
>Either some of you are a little paranoid (no offence...) OR you should
>get a new goverment. (You do have elections??)

We also have a nation of 250 million people, _many_ issues and
usually only two candidates for a given office. A President
might be willing to abuse mild gun control laws and create
a de-facto ban (something a majority of the people would object to)
and still be elected: The voters might look at issues like the
civil rights of minorities, health care, etc... and vote
for the "lesser of two evils." I don't think this is a matter
of paranoia, since local governments in (for example) New York
and Chicago have abused existing, mild gun control laws to 
create a virtual ban.

>Guns 'n Criminals:
>MOST weapons used by criminals today are stolen.
>Known criminals can NOT buy weapons, that's one of the points of gun control.

In which case, the United States already has adaquate gun control laws:
According to federal statistic, only 7% of gun-wielding criminals
legally purchase their own guns from licensed dealers. If that's
the point of gun control (to prevent criminals from legally purchasing
guns) then America doesn't need any additional laws to accomplish
this.

>Mixing weapons and things that can be use as one:
>What I meant was that cars CAN kill, but they are not GUNS!

How is this any different from guns? There are legal purposes for
owning and using a gun: They are appropriate tools for hunting,
target shooting and self-defence. Like cars, murder isn't
their only (or even a common) use.

>If 50% of ALL murders was done with axes, would you impose some regulations on them
>or just say that they are ment to be used at trees, and that the axe is not a problem,
>it's the 'axer' ??

I certainly couldn't imagine the American public accepting regulation
of axes. While the politics of other nations may be different,
in America there is strong opposition to any intrusive law that
primarily would effect the average, law-abiding citizen who had
not done anything wrong.

>Think about the situation in Los Angeles where people are buying guns to protect
>themselves. Is this a good situation ?? Is it the rigth way to deal with the problem ??

A good way to deal with which problem? It is an excelent way to deal 
with the short-term problem of rioting and violent attacks. Of course,
it doesn't do anything for the long-term issues that start riots. But
at this point, what can these individuals do about long-term social
problems? 

>If everybody buys guns to protect themselves from criminals (and their neighbor who have
>guns) what do you think will happen ?? (I mean if everybody had a gun in USA)

There are, according to surveys, guns in 40% of American homes.
In many parts of the country, this is closer to 100%. Those places
where almost everyone owns a gun are, on average, safer than those
where guns are less common.

>LAST WORD:
>Responsible gun owners are not a problem, but they will be affected if
>you want to protect your citicens.

This is, I think, a fundamental difference between American government
and that of other nations. Here it is not acceptable to punish
or restrict the average, law-abiding citizen in the name of some
vague "common good." 

                                                   Frank Crary
                                                   CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54188
From: VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: What to do if you shoot somebody

In article <93108.025818U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:

>I have heard many opinions on this subject and would like to hear more from
>the people on the net.
>
>Say you're in a situation where you have to pull a gun on somebody.  You
>give them a chance to get away but they decided to continue in their
>action anyway and you end up shooting and killing them.  My question is
>what do you do?  Should you stay and wait for the cops or should you
>collect your brass (if you're using a semi-auto) and get out of there
>(provided of course you don't think that you have been seen)?  

       As a data point from Tennessee, a friend of mine and a police
officer essentially recommends that if you can, fade away.  Even if
you were perfectly justified you're likely in for a great deal of 
hassle.  (A side note, carrying a gun concealed is a misdemeanor.)

>What kind
>of laws are on the books regarding this type of situation?  What would
>be the most likely thing to happen to you if you stayed and waited and
>it was a first offense?  What would happen if you took off but someone
>saw you and you were caught?

       It's one of those "by State" things, pretty much.  
------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54189
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

In article <1993Apr18.000152.2339@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>You are loosing.
>
>There is no question about it. 
>
>Of those who vote, your cause is considered an abomination. No matter
>how hard you try, public opinion is set against the RKBA. 

Not so.  Surveys have shown while the public thinks certain types
of gun control may be acceptable they do believe they have an
individual right to keep and bear arms, and that the police should
not have /discretion/ over who may and may not own firearms.

>This is the end. By the finish of the Clinton administration, your
>RKBA will be null and void.

By the end of the Clinton administration a lot of things will be
screwed up.  Hell, we'll probably be just like England.

> Tough titty.

"Tough titty" ?  My how eloquent you are.

As for your claim, I think Clinton has a big fight ahead of him if
he thinks he's going to pass some comprehensive gun legislation.
He will sign the Brady Bill if it gets to his desk.  We will do
whatever we can to either keep that from happening, or modify it
such that it is acceptable to us.

>You had better discover ways to make do without firearms.

Sorry, that's not possible.  And that's why we won't give them up
either.  Legally or illegally, American's will keep their firearms.
The number of unregistered weapons in New York City is in the millions.
There aren't even close to that number of violent criminals there.

>The number of cases of firearms abuses has ruined your cause.

If the gov't was serious about stopping violent crime they would
keep violent criminals in jail for a long long time where they
belong instead of letting them out on early release.

>There is nothing you can do about it.

Hey, we can go into politics too if we feel like it.

> Those who live by the sword shall die by it. 

I don't believe this one bit.

>The press is against you, the public (the voting public) is against
>you, the flow of history is against you ... this is it !

Snore.  Like I take advice on the RKBA from a Brit.  No way.

>Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect
>them. Resistance is useless.

You watch too much "Star Trek".  Actually, this is an understandable
attitude from a Brit; you are a subject of the state.

>They will overwhelm you - one at a time.

Not necessarily.  There are ways of resisting oppression without
getting caught by the gov't.

>Your neighbors will not help you. They will consider you more if an
>immediate threat than the abstract 'criminal'. 

The "abstract criminal" like the ones who killed a relative of mine
while she was working in a carry-out.

>Too fucking bad. You have gone the way of the KKK. Violent solutions
>are passe'.

While undesirable, they are sometimes unavoidable.  If you don't want
to resist a criminal attack by all means do nothing.  I will (a) take
my chances resisting violent attack, and (b) stand a better chance of
being unharmed than someone who does nothing.

>Avoid situations which encourage criminals. Then you will
>be as safe as possible. Such as it is ...

What a joke.  Criminals want a disarmed population.  How can you keep
criminals from preying on us after our best means of self defense is
taken away ?
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54190
From: VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD - GOOD !

In article <1993Apr18.001319.2340@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:

>Yea, there are millions of cases where yoy *say* that firearms
>'deter' criminals. Alas, this is not provable.

      Not provable.  It's about as "provable" as the number of votes
vast for Bill Clinton in the last election.  If you accept the information
available, you can prove one way or the other.  If you refuse to accept
it, nothing is "provable."

>I think that that
>there are actually *few* cases where this is so. 

      Fine, support your assertation.  But, you haven't supported
any assertations just yet.

      The National Crime Survey, that secret Arm of the NRA, estimates
between 40,000 and 50,000 with-gun self-defenses from assaults, and
is considered to considerably under-report.  When broken down by weapon,
there is no form of "self-defense" including dowing nothing which is
more effective at avoiding injury or death.

>The bulk of firarems are used against unworthy and unnesessary
>opponents ...  those who posessa a cool jakcet you want, those who
>would argue with you about a parking space, those who would
>take your woman. In short, trivial and worthless causes.

      Ok, support *this* assertation.  Hell, support *one*.

>Too much of this has ruined you cause. There is no recovery. 

      That's nice.

>In the near future, federal martials will come for your arms.

      That's nice, too.

>The 2nd amendment is dead. Accept this. Find another way.

       Why on Earth should we?  If you're correct we've nothing to
lose by continuing to argue against it and everything to gain.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54191
From: VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <CMM.0.90.2.735132009.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no> Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
>
>Abuse by the goverment:
>This seems to be one of the main problems; Any harder gun-control
>would just be abused by the goverment.(!)
>Either some of you are a little paranoid (no offence...) 

       Mr. Parsli, I have to take exception at this.  There are
verifiable, previous *examples* of levels of U.S. governments
abusing gun-control restrictions.  I don't think it is paranoid
to worry that what has been abused in the recent past might be abused
in thye future.  After so many times of getting burned any sane person
will stop putting his hand on the stove.

>OR you should
>get a new goverment. (You do have elections??)

       I'd love to.  But as long as the politicians grab power to sell
pork back to their constituents, there's not a lot I can do.  

       It's silly to suggest that if there's anything we can't trust
the government to do, and therefore the government should be allowed
to do it, then we should change governments.  Down that road lies
total government power.   I've never been a fan of totalitarianism.

>Guns 'n Criminals:
>MOST weapons used by criminals today are stolen.

       This is very likely.

>Known criminals can NOT buy weapons, that's one of the points of gun control.
>And because gun control are strict in WHOLE scandinavia (and most of europe),
>we dont have any PROBLEM with smuggled guns.

       The North American Continent is not Europe, no matter how many
people would like it to be.  Drugs are very illegal and they're
here.  For years Canada has crowed about its gun control.  If it is
necessary to control guns over the whole continent, then Canada should
have always had comparable rates to the U.S., yet they still don't.
Unless you can tell me why the Canadian border is so much more
magical than the Mexican border (which is shorter and far more
heavily patrolled) then I really can't accept that argument.

>Mixing weapons and things that can be use as one:
>What I meant was that cars CAN kill, but they are not GUNS!

       No, there are approximately 31,000 deaths due to guns in the U.S.,
two-thirds of which are suicides.  (Unfortunately I don't have suicide
rates for Norway.)  However, this makes the per-gun death rate about
half the per-car death rate.

>The issue (I hope..):
>I think we all agree that the criminals are the main problem.
>Guns are not a problem, but the way they are used is.... (and what are they for??)
>
>I think this discusion is interesting when you think of (ex)Jugoslavia:
>They should all have weapons, it's their rigth to have them, and if they use them
>to kill other (Innocent) people the problem is humans, not guns.

      The problem's been humans since before we had stone axes.  The
fct of the matter is simply this:  If nobody ever assaulted anybody,
whether there is a weapon of any sort around would be totally
irrelevent.

      Yet weapons are *built*.  I'd suggest, then, that the murderous
impulse in humanity pre-dates weapons.

      Anyway, the Bosnians et al. have been making an excellent attempt
to kill each other for half a thousand years.  Taking away their guns, even
if we could, would neither halt the killing nor reduce the brutality.

>If 50% of ALL murders was done with axes, would you impose some regulations on them
>or just say that they are ment to be used at trees, and that the axe is not a problem,
>it's the 'axer' ??
>(An example, don't flame me just because not exactly 50% are killed by guns...)


       In the U.S., approximately 60% of murders are commited with firearms.
(50% with handguns, 10% with non-handguns.)  The reason I say that guns, per 
se, are not the problem, is that our non-gun rate exceeds most of Europe's
countries *entire* violent crime rate.  I don't really think we've got
more knives or fists.  

       In any case, I think examples of gun control *applied* to the U.S.
have been abkect failures, just like drug prohibition and other forms
of prohibition.  Until you deal with *why* people are doing what they
are doing, you won't solve your problem.  And if the problem is 
violent crime, you shouldn't concentrate on the tools instead.  The
*vast* majority of guns is never, ever misused.  (On the order of
99.5% over the entire lifetime of the gun).  This says to me that
you can't make the argument that the gun itself causes the misuse.

>Think about the situation in Los Angeles where people are buying guns to protect
>themselves. Is this a good situation ?? 

       The situation is not "good" in that people fear for their lives.
But recall the scenes of the store-owners during the last riots,
protecting their shops with guns.  Would it have been better they,
too, lost their livelihoods?

>Is it the rigth way to deal with the problem ??

       The problem of poverty and rage in Los Angeles, no it isn't.
However, if that problem becomes a violent action, then yes, it can
be appropriate.  Whether or not some person has been hurt by their condition
won't make me less dead if they burn down my house with me in it.

       You have to examine which problem you're referring to.  If
you're discussing someone violently assaulting you, then it is
a perfectly legitimate response to make them stop.  (Hopefully
simply letting them know you're prepared to shoot them would be enough,
as it was with the above-mentioned store-owners.)

>If everybody buys guns to protect themselves from criminals (and their neighbor who have
>guns) what do you think will happen ?? (I mean if everybody had a gun in USA)

       45% of Households have some form of firearm, usually a long gun.
That accounts for a level of access for at least 100 million Americans.
Firearm ownership is most likely among educated, well-off whites, the
group *least* likely to be involved in violent crime.

       You may take that for what it's worth.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54192
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: What to do if you shoot somebody

In article <93108.025818U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>Say you're in a situation where you have to pull a gun on somebody.  You
>give them a chance to get away but they decided to continue in their
>action anyway and you end up shooting and killing them.  My question is
>what do you do?  Should you stay and wait for the cops or should you
>collect your brass (if you're using a semi-auto) and get out of there
>(provided of course you don't think that you have been seen)?

For me, it would be an obvious choice: Armed self-defence is clearly
and strongly protected by the Colorado Constitution and the laws
of the state. In the very clear-cut situation of your hypothetical,
I wouldn't have anything to fear from the police (unless I had been
publicly carrying the weapon concealed, something I'm not in
the habit of doing... Even then, the worst I'd have to deal with 
was a class 2 misdemeanor.) Even if the situation were not so
clear, and I might have to worry about arrest for manslaughter or
homicide, it would still be safer to wait for the police. If
I were to leave and try to avoid police involvement, I'd be committing
several felonies and ruining my chances of claiming self-defence
in court ("If it really was self-defence," the prosecuter would
ask, "why did you run away and hide from the police?")

In other states, however, this decision might not be so clear-cut:
If someone in, say, Washington D.C. were to use a gun in self-defence
he would _automatically_ be guilty of several felony violations of
that city's gun control laws. Such a person's choices would be
between certain conviction for a couple of felonies versus possible
conviction for half a dozen. 

                                         Frank Crary
                                         CU Boulder
 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54193
From: billma@utoday.com (Bill Mallon)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

In article <1993Apr18.000152.2339
@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu>, jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:

> Surrender your arms. Soon enough, 
> officers will be around to collect
> them. Resistance is useless. They 
>       ^^^^^^^^^^ ^^ ^^^^^^^
> will overwhelm you - one at a time.

Are you certain you didn't mean to post 
to alt.french.captain.borg.borg.borg?

You'd better rush home...I hear Kruschev 
calling "Come to papa, jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu!"

"I am endeavoring, ma'am, to construct a mnemonic memory
circuit, using stone knives and bearskins."        --Spock
     - Humble Typesetter -

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54194
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: Re: Tanks against civilians (was Re: That silly outdated Bill/Koresh)

In article <scottj-150493092731@iamac-1.dml.georgetown.edu> scottj@magic.dml.georgetown.edu (John L. Scott) writes:
>
> [ ... picking nits over tanks firing the main gun or not deleted ...]
> 

I think the point is being missed - that it is apparantly acceptable for
Big Government (Big Brother?) to use TANKS to control the people, as
long as they don't use the BIG GUN (but everything else is allright...).

Tanks deployed against civilians, let alone FIRING on them with crew
served weaponry (a .50 Heavy Machine Gun is crew-served) is something
both our press and government howl about instantly when done in some
other country.  Against civilians that have, at most, one-shot-at-a-time
LIGHT small arms.  Certainly nothing that places the people in or behind
the tank in any real danger.  Molotov coctails?  A round from a rifle
or pistol deals with anybody approaching with one of those.  And "snipers"
too often turn out to be strays from other cops/guard/army gunfire.

I don't know about the other people in this group (or on the net) but
the idea of tanks being used to control civilians, in anything that
pretends to be a free society is outrageous.  When Big Government feels
it is necessary to use that kind of force to stomp out protests (even
violent) of the citizens, that suggests that the government is totally
out of control, since that is effectively the government declaring war
on its own people.  If the government was living up to its responsibility,
government of the people BY THE PEOPLE, not the 'lords' and other elites
who want to keep their good thing going, the citizens wouldn't feel the
need to be resorting to acts that need to be squashed with a military
boot.  People do things like that because they have become convinced
that it is the only option that remains, other attempts to have grievances
redressed have been ignored.  And yes, there is a criminal element that
will exploit this, but the fact remains that the government has been
unresponsive or such acts wouldn't be apt to happen.  Still not an excuse
to open up on civilians with tanks, heavy machine guns, or whatever.
Its the old 'might makes right' philosophy that is the hallmark of a
government going rogue:  They don't like it? Tough. We will simply
squash them under an iron boot.  Actually addressing their grievances
in other than token fashion with huge volumes of hot air is just too
inconvenient...  Sort of a variation on mushroom management:  Keep them
in the dark, Smother them with shit, and Crush them when ready...

And these are the folks that many liberals are trying to arrange things
so that they will have a MONOPOLY on coercive force (firearms that are
than expensive toys...) by gutting the Bill of Rights (cuz it just isn't
PROGRESSIVE or doesn't fit in with MODERN THINKING anymore)...

Unbelievable.

And I do believe amid the smoke, confusion, etc of a real riot situation,
that it would be POSSIBLE for a tank to get away with firing the main gun
into a building at close range?  One would hear an explosion among many
explosions.  It is loud, but it is not going to stand out like a 1000
pound bomb or a tactical nuke.  There would be a hole blown in the wall,
and some rubble, but with tanks knocking over walls, and other sources
of buildings turning into rubble, and other covering racket such as
gunfire, including 50's tacking away, it would not stand out that much,
and could be explained by "musta been a gas leak... ".  I think it could be
done and not be reported under such conditions - it is POSSIBLE.  It is
not like a tank driving down a quiet street on a Sunday afternoon, turning
and firing, you know.  THAT would stand out, and be pretty impossible
to cover up.

>--John L. Scott


-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54195
From: chiu@io.nosc.mil (Francis Chiu)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu wrote:
: You are loosing.
: There is no question about it. 
: Of those who vote, your cause is considered an abomination. No matter
: how hard you try, public opinion is set against the RKBA. 

  Care to show some *real* numbers instead of something HCI make up?
  I thought so, all "foaming at the mouth" shouting but nothing is 
  ever said...
   
: This is the end. By the finish of the Clinton administration, your
: RKBA will be null and void. Tough titty.

  Well, we'll just have to wait and see about that, won't we?  Or are
  you quite satisified with living in your little fantasy?
 
< SNIP >
: cases of firearms abuses has ruined your cause. There is nothing you
< SNIP >
: The press is against you, the public (the voting public) is against
: you, the flow of history is against you ... this is it !

  Not true, it is ONLY those who are ignorant and are afraid to understand,
  accept, and deal with the real problems behind this violent society 
  who are proposing gun control as a band-aid solution.  May be I should 
  refresh your memory with a quote from Prez. Clintion? 

    "It's the criminals, stupid!"  

  HEY, why is he cutting the budget for more prisons? May be someone need 
  to remind him of what he promised...on second thought, why bother...

: Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect
: them. Resistance is useless. They will overwhelm you - one at a time.
: Your neighbors will not help you. They will consider you more if an
: immediate threat than the abstract 'criminal'. 

  Oooh, WACO II, coming to your living room soon...  When was the last
  time you turned off your TV?  Can't remember?  I thought so...

: Too fucking bad. You have gone the way of the KKK. Violent solutions
: are passe'. Avoid situations which encourage criminals. Then you will
: be as safe as possible. Such as it is ...

  Wait, I got it, this is a late April fool post, right?  I didn't
  think ANYBODY is stupid enough to post something like this...good one
  guys, this group was getting boring without Holly and Susan. 

--Francis Chiu, Professional Student, Programmer, Tax Payer. 


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54196
From: kkopp@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (koppenhoefer kyle cramm)
Subject: Re: 2%: We're undertaxed/Poll

kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT) writes:

>In article <1993Apr16.190829.17141@cunews.carleton.ca> akasacou@alfred.carleton.ca (Alexander Kasacous) writes:
>>In article <VEAL.729.734979393@utkvm1.utk.edu> VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal) writes:
>>
>>>
>>>       No, what you said was that we had spent money on "guns" rather than
>>>"people," as Canada does.  Which is ridiculous.
>>>
>>
>>Once again I have over estimated the general level of intellegence of
>>the average reader of rush-limbaugh.  Canada PER CAPITA spend more
>>money on people where the US spend more money PER CAPITA on guns.

>What exactly do you mean when you say the U.S. spends more per capita on
>guns than Canada does?  Are you talking about the U.S. government or are you
>talking about the purchase of guns by private citizens or both?  If you are
>referring to private citizens then your point is irrevelant because what
>individuals do with their money is essentially *their* business.

>If, on the other hand, you meant that the U.S government spends more per
>capita on guns than Canada does then your point *is* relevant.  So, if this
>is true then the U.S. needs to get its priorities straight.  People are more
>important than guns.  That is not to say that guns aren't important.  I'm
>just saying that if the U.S government *does* spend more per capita on guns
>than they do on people then something is awry.


    He meant the US spends more per capita on guns than Canada which isn't
really surprising because we were so busy protecting the western world from
the USSR that all other countries could slack off on their defense spending.

    I would like to see if the US spends more per capita on people than 
Canada does.  This is a true apples - apples comparison where the previous
post was apples - oranges.





Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54197
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Randy Weaver trial update: Day 4.

Note: These trial updates are summarized from reports in the
_Idaho Statesman_ and the local NBC affiliate television
station, KTVB Channel 7.

Randy Weaver/Kevin Harris trial update: Day 4.

Friday, April 16, 1993 was the fourth day of the trial.

Synopsis: Defense attorney Gerry Spence cross-examined agent
Cooper under repeated objections from prosecutor Ronald
Howen.  Spence moved for a mistrial but was denied.

The day was marked by a caustic cross-examination of Deputy
Marshal Larry Cooper by defense attorney Gerry Spence.  Although
Spence has not explicitly stated so, one angle of his stategy
must involve destroying the credibility of agent Cooper.  Cooper is
the government's only eyewitness to the death of agent Degan.
Spence attacked Cooper's credibility by pointing out discrepancies
between Cooper's statements last September and those made in court.
Cooper conceded that, "You have all these things compressed into
a few seconds...It's difficult to remember what went on first."

Cooper acknowledged that he carried a "9mm Colt Commando submachine
gun with a silenced barrel." [I thought a Colt Commando was a revolver!]
Cooper continued by stating that the federal agents had no specific
plans to use the weapon when they started to kill Weaver's dog.

When Spence asked how seven cartridges could be fired by Degan's
M-16 rifle when Degan was apparently dead, Cooper could not say for
sure that Degan did not return fire before going down.

Spence continued by asking with how many agents (and to what extent)
had Cooper discussed last August's events, Cooper responded, "If
you're implying that we got our story together, you're wrong,
counselor."  Spence continued to advance the defense's version of
the events: Namely, that a marshal had started the shooting by
killing the Weaver's dog.  Cooper disagreed.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Ronald Howen repeatedly objected to Spence's
virulent cross-examination of agent Cooper, arguing that the questions
were repetitive and Spence was wasting time.  Howen also complained 
that Spence was improperly using a cross-examination to advance the
defense's version of the events.  U.S. District Judge Edward Lodge
sustained many of the objections; however, both lawyers persisted
until Judge Lodge had the jury leave the room and proceded to
admonish both attorneys.  "I'm not going to play games with either
counsel.  This has been a personality problem from day 1, so start
acting like professionals."

Spence told the judge that, "When all the evidence is in, we'll see
that ... his [agent Larry Cooper] testimony is not credible, that
he was panicked and cannot remember the sequence of events." 
Spence continued, "We're going to find...that there is a very unlikely
similarity - almost as if it had come out of a cookie cutter - between
the testimony of Mr. Cooper and the other witnesses."

Spence then moved for a mistrial on the grounds that Howen's repeated
objections would prevent a fair trial, "We can't have a fair trial if the
jury believes I'm some sort of charlatan, if the jury believes I'm
bending the rules or engaging in some delaying tactic or that I'm
violating court orders."

Judge Lodge called the notion that his repeated sustainings of Howen's
objections had somehow prejudiced the jury was "preposterous" and
denied the motion for a mistrial.  Lodge did tell Howen to restrict
his comments when objecting.

The trial resumed with the prosecution calling FBI Special Agent Greg
Rampton.  The prosecution's purpose was simply to introduce five
weapons found in the cabin as evidence: However, the defense seized
on the opportunity to further address Cooper's credibility.

Defense attorney Ellison Matthews (Harris' other attorney) questioned
Rampton about the dog.  Rampton stated that there were no specific
plans to kill the Weaver's dog without being detected.  Matthews then
had Rampton read  a Septtember 15, 1992 transcript in which Rampton
had said that Cooper had said that the purpose of the silenced weapon
was to kill the dog without being detected, if the dog chased them.
Rampton then acknowledged that he believed that Cooper had said that,
but he could not remember when.  He then stated that, "I did not conduct
the primary interview with Deputy Cooper, but I have had conversations
with him since the interview was conducted."

Monday, April 19, 1993 will begin the fifth day of the trial.  Scheduled
is the continued cross-examination of FBI agent Greg Rampton.



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54198
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Randy Weaver trial update: Day 1.


Here is a copy of my first update on the Randy Weaver trial.
After a large response (about 15 email messages), I've decided
that there is sufficient interest here on t.p.g. to warrant
posting.

*** file follows *** 

Hi Folks;

As perhaps the only Boise resident on the list, I guess it
kind of falls on me to keep people updated about the
Randy Weaver/Kevin Harris trial.

Yesterday marked the seating of the jury.  Apparently no other
legal activities occurred.  The jury was selected and things
start today.

More interesting is what happenned outside.  About a dozen
Weaver supporters showed up to stage a protest outside the
courthouse.  One woman carried a sign that read, "Who stands
trial for the murder of Vicki and (son's name - I forget)
Weaver?"  On the evening news she said, "I am here protesting
because I believe in freedom of speech and freedom of religion.
I thought we all did."  Nice sound bite (grin)!

The news reporter also interviewed some guy named "Tim"
who refused to give his last name.  Not to prejudge the
guy, but he looked like a neo-nazi.  He also said he
expected many neo-nazis to show up throughout the trial.
"Tim" had been handing out leaflets in support of Weaver
and Harris and the news had footage of a Boise cop
telling him to move along or he'd arrest.  I don't know
the finer points of this one.  Perhaps there's a law
against political activity within X feet of a courthouse
or something (what happenned to the First Amendment?!?).

Most ominous of all was that the local reporter filmed
an agent of the Gestapo...err...ATF with a minicam
FILMING THE PROTESTORS!  Welcome to the world of Big Brother.

Anyhow, Gerry Spence came out and asked the protestors to
leave because he didn't think it would help Weaver's case
any.  He said he was confident that, once the evidence
came out, that Weaver would be aquitted.

More stuff as it comes available.

Drew

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54199
From: shepard@netcom.com (Mark Shepard)
Subject: S414 (Brady bill) loopholes?

Hi. I've just finished reading S414, and have several questions about
the Brady bills (S414 and HR1025).

1. _Are_ these the current versions of the Brady bill?
     What is the status of these bills?  I've heard they're "in committee".
     How close is that to being made law?

2. S414 and HR1025 seem fairly similar.  Are there any important
   differences I missed?

3. S414 seems to have some serious loopholes:
  A. S414 doesn't specify an "appeals" process to wrongful denial during
     the waiting period, other than a civil lawsuit(?)  (S414 has an appeals
     process once the required instant background check system is established,
     but not before).
  B. the police are explicitly NOT liable for mistakes in denying/approving
     using existing records (so who would I sue in "A" above to have an
     inaccurate record corrected?)
  C. S414 includes an exception-to-waiting-period clause for if a person
     can convince the local Chief Law-Enforcement Officer (CLEO) of an
     immediate threat to his or her life, or life of a household member.
     But S414 doesn't say exactly what is considered a "threat", nor does
     it place a limit on how long the CLEO takes to issue an exception
     statement.
True?  Have I misunderstood?  Any other 'holes?

4. With just S414, what's to stop a person with a "clean" record from
   buying guns, grinding off the serial numbers, and selling them to crooks?
   At minimum, what additional laws are needed to prevent this?

   'Seems at min. a "gun counting" scheme would be needed
   (e.g., "John Doe owns N guns").  So, if S414 passes, I wouldn't be surprised
   to see legislation for stricter, harder-to-forge I.D.'s plus national gun
   registration, justified by a need to make the Brady bill work.

Please comment.  I'm mainly interested in specific problems with the current
legislation--I don't mean to start a general discussion of the merits
of any/all waiting-period bills ever proposed.

	MarkS || shepard@netcom.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54200
From: "Faustus" <p00056@mail.psi.net>
Subject: Re: 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD - GOOD !

>DATE:   18 Apr 93 00:13:19 -0500
>FROM:   jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu
>
>Yea, there are millions of cases where yoy *say* that firearms
>'deter' criminals. Alas, this is not provable. 

In my case I am alive thanks to a gun, that is provable..
even in your twisted logic.

>I think that that there are actually *few* cases where this is so. 

No... Wrong again brain trust.. 

>The bulk of firarems are used against unworthy and unnesessary
>opponents 

Huh? What planet are you from? 

>The 2nd amendment is dead. Accept this. Find another way.

Wrong... Not as long as freedom remains ..

PS: Get a Dictionary..


Faustus
(Gun of the month club... hmmm.. Glock 10mm this month.. Sig 226 next..)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54201
From: earlw@apple.com (Earl Wallace)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my....

In article <1993Apr16.194708.13273@vax.oxford.ac.uk> jaj@vax.oxford.ac.uk writes:
  >What all you turkey pro-pistol and automatic weapons fanatics don't seem to
  >realize is that the rest of us *laugh* at you. You don't make me angry, you
  >just make me chuckle - I remeber being in Bellingham, Washington and seeing a
  >...

You consider laughing at others civilized behavior?  What was I supposed to
learn from your article?  Treat people like dogs?

I am not impressed by your attitude.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54202
From: earlw@apple.com (Earl Wallace)
Subject: Re: 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD - GOOD !

In article <1993Apr18.001319.2340@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
  >...
  >In the near future, federal martials will come for your arms.
  >No one will help you. You are more dangerous, to their thinking,
  >than the 'criminal'. This is your own fault. 
  >
  >The 2nd amendment is dead. Accept this. Find another way.

You know, in many ways this might be just the kick we need to straighten
things out in this country.  Also, people would have a need to replace
guns with something else, perhaps deadly sprays that would make Mace and OC
seem like water.  They would be lighter and easier to conceal.

Guns are really "old" in design and as long as we have tons of them, no one
is motivated to design something better.  I'm sure we could come up with
some real nasty stuff if we tried and getting rid of these guns would get
us moving on this track asap.  This is what we really want, right?  Stuff
that's smaller, lighter and far more deadly.

Remember, in this country we'll really scramble to accomplish impossible
feats if we are motivated enough and I think "self-defense" is high on our
list of motivators.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54203
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

In article <1993Apr18.000152.2339@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>You are loosing.

What's "loosing?"  

>Of those who vote, your cause is considered an abomination. No matter
>how hard you try, public opinion is set against the RKBA. 

I vote.  I don't consider RKBA an abomination. 

>This is the end. By the finish of the Clinton administration, your
>RKBA will be null and void. Tough titty.

I'm sure Sarah Brady would be delighted to hear your ranting and
raving.  However, Clinton has not publically stated that he would
like to repeal the Second Amendment.  "Tough titty" to you.

>You had better discover ways to make do without firearms. The number of
>cases of firearms abuses has ruined your cause. There is nothing you
>can do about it. Those who live by the sword shall die by it. 

Are we going to "make do without" like the people in New York City? 
You know New York City: That gun ban utopia you dream about, with
the millions of unregistered handguns?  New York City, by the way,
has a very high crime rate.

Perhaps you should know about a gungrabber's nightmare - Idaho.
Here in Idaho, the police give concealed carry permits to anyone
over 21 without a criminal record.  There are no gungrabber schemes
such as FOIDs, waiting periods, "gun a month," or LTCs.  And horror
of horrors!  You don't even NEED a permit to carry a concealed
weapon while outside of city limits (although you do need a permit
for concealed carry in an automobile).

I feel a hell of a lot safer in Boise than I would in your gun ban
dream state (e.g., Washington, D.C.).

>The press is against you, the public (the voting public) is against
>you, the flow of history is against you ... this is it !

The voting public in Idaho is staunchly pro-gun.  Both senators
are NRA-endorsed "A" rated!  Buy a clue, pal.

>Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect
>them. Resistance is useless. They will overwhelm you - one at a time.
>Your neighbors will not help you. They will consider you more if an
>immediate threat than the abstract 'criminal'. 
>
Get out your wallet and buy another clue.  There are millions upon
MILLIONS of pre-1968 (i.e., non-4473'ed) firearms out there.
They have a half-life approaching eternity.  And cosmoline is not
exactly tracked by the feds.

>Too fucking bad. You have gone the way of the KKK. Violent solutions
>are passe'. Avoid situations which encourage criminals. Then you will
>be as safe as possible. Such as it is ...
>
Gun control laws were passed to PROTECT the KKK from blacks!

Drew
--
betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54204
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1993Apr17.235338.2819@ucsu.Colorado.EDU>, fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU
(Frank Crary) says:
>
>>>>...I have never seen anyone else practice marksmanship by
>>>> taking their gun out of their coat as fast as possible and start shooting.
>
>>>That is the recommended way to practice with a CCW, too.  Aim alone is no   d
>goo
>>>for defense, if you can't get the gun rapidly.
>
>>Very true but the way it was being done was just a little unusual.  It looked
>>to me like they were practicing to shoot someone...

The point that I forgot to bring up here (and this has nothing to do with being
a gang member or not) is that it is illegal to carry a concealed weapon in this
area (or in the state of illinois for that matter).  This is not to say that
people in Illinois don't carry concealed weapons illegaly but practicing like
that when there are other people around wasn't too bright of an idea.

>
>There isn't necessarily a conflict between practicing with a concealed
>weapon for self-defence and practicing to shoot someone. Armed
>self-defence does occasionally involve shooting an attacker.
>
>                                              Frank Crary
>                                              CU Boulder

I agree.      If you don't practice at all and carry a gun for self-defense you
most likely would be in big trouble if a situation were to arise.

Jason - u28037@uicvm.cc.uic.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54205
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

In article <1993Apr18.000152.2339@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu>, jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu says:

Ah I love posts like this.  Many people have already replied to this one as I
knew they would.  I'm not going to say much as this just seems like baiting to
me.  Someone decided to post to see how many people would get mad and reply.  I
am just going to ignore it but I do have one thing to say.  See below.
>
>Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect
>them. Resistance is useless. They will overwhelm you - one at a time.
       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Listen buddy, if you're going to quote Star Trek get the quote right.  It was
"Resistance is futile".  Get it right the next time :-)

Jason - u28037@uicvm.cc.uic.edu


>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54206
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: What to do if you shoot somebody

In article <1993Apr18.061532.3288@uoft02.utoledo.edu>,
steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu (Jason 'Think!' Steiner) says:
>
>Jason Kratz (U28037@uicvm.uic.edu) writes:
>>
>> Say you're in a situation where you have to pull a gun on somebody.
>>  You give them a chance to get away but they decided to continue in
>> their action anyway and you end up shooting and killing them.  My
>> question is what do you do?  Should you stay and wait for the cops
>> or should you collect your brass (if you're using a semi-auto) and
>> get out of there (provided of course you don't think that you have
>> been seen)?  What kind of laws are on the books regarding this type
>> of situation?  What would be the most likely thing to happen to you
>> if you stayed and waited and it was a first offense?  What would
>> happen if you took off but someone saw you and you were caught?
>
>ghods. do you have -any- idea how much trouble you'd get into for
>taking off like that? leaving the scene of an auto accident is bad
>enough! killing someone & leaving is 10 times worse. who's going
>to seriously believe it was self-defense when you took the time
>to collect your spent casings? "But officer, I reload!"
>
Well, like someone said in a reply to this it really all depends on the area
that you live in.  See David Veal's reply to this.  I have heard exactly the
same thing that he said in his reply - to fade away if you think that you
haven't been seen (I heard this from a police officer).  For the record though
he was talking about in Tennessee - not everywhere.

>even if you could get away with it, you're still a fugitive. do
>it nice & legal, keep your law-abiding status & send your story
>into the Armed Citizen column of American Rifleman.
>
>jason
>
>--
Jason - u28037@uicvm.cc.uic.edu





Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54207
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: What to do if you shoot somebody

In article <VEAL.744.735151266@utkvm1.utk.edu>, VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
says:
>
>In article <93108.025818U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz                     >
><U28037@uicvm.uic.edu
>
>>I have heard many opinions on this subject and would like to hear more from
>>the people on the net.
>>
>>Say you're in a situation where you have to pull a gun on somebody.  You
>>give them a chance to get away but they decided to continue in their
>>action anyway and you end up shooting and killing them.  My question is
>>what do you do?  Should you stay and wait for the cops or should you
>>collect your brass (if you're using a semi-auto) and get out of there
>>(provided of course you don't think that you have been seen)?
>
>       As a data point from Tennessee, a friend of mine and a police
>officer essentially recommends that if you can, fade away.  Even if
>you were perfectly justified you're likely in for a great deal of
>hassle.  (A side note, carrying a gun concealed is a misdemeanor.)
>
This is exactly what I have heard before.  If you were to fade away and
nobody saw you what kind of evidence would they be able to get to catch you
(this is assuming that you either collected your brass or had a revolver)?

>>What kind
>>of laws are on the books regarding this type of situation?  What would
>>be the most likely thing to happen to you if you stayed and waited and
>>it was a first offense?  What would happen if you took off but someone
>>saw you and you were caught?
>
>       It's one of those "by State" things, pretty much.

Guess it's time to take a trip to the library and look at the Illinois statutes
again :-)  Just for the record folks I'm just asking this because I'm curious.
I'm just trying to find out from people who have read more on stuff like this.

>David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
>PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
>your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
>love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Jason - u28037@uicvm.cc.uic.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54210
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my....

In article <1993Apr16.194708.13273@vax.oxford.ac.uk> jaj@vax.oxford.ac.uk writes:
>What all you turkey pro-pistol and automatic weapons fanatics don't seem to
>realize is that the rest of us *laugh* at you. You don't make me angry, you
>just make me chuckle - I remeber being in Bellingham, Washington and seeing a

[Warning: Flammage to follow...]

Ah, that British sense of humor.  Probably got a real gut-buster going
when the IRA blew that kid up a couple of weeks ago, huh?  Of course,
in Britain, your government has ordered you defenseless, so your way
of coping with violent criminals is to laugh at victims.

>pick-up truck in front of the car that my friend and I were in. It had a bumper
>sticker proclaiming "Gun Control is a firm grip on a .45." Now I'm sure that
>that wanker thought he was pretty cool.

I don't know about a .45.  My own preference is for 9mm.

>What he didn't realize was that we took a photo of the back of his truck, and
>showed it to our friends when we got back to Vancouver,  Canada (where I'm from
>originally). People were guffawing at the basic stupidity of such a
>sticker, and the even greater stupidity of the person who put it there in the
>first place! :)

Ah, Canada.  Where the criminals don't bother with checking to see
if the victims are home.  They just break on in.  America's a little
different, you see.  Criminals worry a bit more about getting shot,
so they more frequently check to see if anyone's home.

>I knew somebody else who went to one of your "Gun-mart" superstore places, just
>so he could experience the sight of people putting guns and ammo into shopping
>carts! I didn't believe it myself until I drove by one in Vegas last year!!!

I've heard Gun World in Phoenix, Arizona, is fantastic!  I'm hoping
to visit there myself soon.

>Now that I live in Britain, I can see how the rest of the civilized world
>perceives you gun-nut morons. The BBC recently referred to the American 
>penchant for pistols, automatic weapons,etc.  very  appropriately - it was
>called a "national eccentricity."

Ah, Britain again.  Isn't that the place where you're guilty until
proven innocent?  Tell me, Mr. "jaj@vax.oxford.ac.uk" didn't Britain
come begging to us "gun nut morons" in the early 1940s for guns to
defend yourselves against Hitler?  Seems as though your supposedly 
enlightened government had disarmed you: "Aw chaps, you can jolly
give up your guns.  If that Hitler man starts to threaten, we can 
always hit up the Yanks for a few guns.  They've got a bloody
eccentric habit about those guns, you know.  Just hand in your
shotgun, that's it.  Thank you." 

>The only problem is that Canada, I hear, is suffering from your national
>eccentricity, in that easy to purchase weapons are being smuggled cross the
>border.

Ain't it just amazing how those black markets work?  Damn if those
drugs from south america keep coming over our borders, too, even
though we've banned them.  Guess we might as well legalize them.  
Makes you want to send fifty bucks to the Libertarian Party just
thinking about it, doesn't it? 

>Anyway, all you gun nut Rush Limbaugh fans, please *keep* up your diatribes
>against Brady and other  evil "Liberal media" plots  - you 're so damn funny!
>You provide endless amounts of entertainment in your arguments and examples of
>why someone should be allowed to carry a piece! Keep us all chuckling!
>
Your close-minded ignorance is without parallel.  I guess that's what
happens when you're raised as a "subject" without rights.  Your
type gravitates to those who desire to hold power over you.

>Hell, I miss those NRA ads with Gerald McRainey now that I'm over here! Those
>were like Monty Python sketches!

Just chuckle as the cops beat you senseless to get a confession.
Just laugh yourself silly when you find that confession is valid
in court.  "Hey mate, this is justice, British style." 

Drew 
--
betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54211
From: keith@orion.ic.cmc.ca (Keith de Solla)
Subject: CDN gun laws

[MODERATOR:  Nice summary, Keith, thanks.]

I talked to the federal Dept. of Justice (DOJ, Ottawa) to try and
clarify a bunch of things regarding changes to Canadian gun laws.
I am posting here for informational purposes; questions to email,
followup to t.p.g.

1. It is still technically feasible (but almost impossible) to get
   a concealed carry permit in Canada.  This is contrary to what I
   was told by a police officer.
2. It is still legal to use lethal force (such as a firearm) to
   protect life, also contrary to what the officer told me.  Guns
   must be stored locked up and unloaded, however.
3. Regarding hi-capacity magazines, it is still not clear who will
   be exempt or how this will be managed.  This is up to each province.
   The general idea is that exempt persons will receive a letter/form
   authorizing them to possess the high capacity magazines.  
   Apparently, the authorization is to specify how many of these
   'prohibited weapons' you will be allowed to possess.  Dealers will
   be allowed to order high capacity mags for those allowed to possess
   them, but will not be allowed to stock them.
4. High capacity magazines converted to comply with the new limits will
   not be considered prohibited weapons.  Amendments to the regulations
   specify some possible methods to alter the magazines.  Some 
   manufacturers (Beretta) will be marketing reduced capacity magazines.
   (God knows how much they'll charge for these)

This covers most of what we discussed.  I have typed this from memory,
do not take it as gospel.  I am not a lawyer and I refuse to play one on TV.


-- 
-------------------------------------------------------------------
| Keith P. de Solla, P.Eng |  IPSC Ontario, OHA, NFA, SFC, OFAH   |
| keith@orion.ic.cmc.ca    |  Frontenac Rifle and Pistol Club     |
-------------------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54212
From: jim.wray@yob.sccsi.com (Jim Wray)
Subject: sign of the times...


Article in this morning's Houston Post...."negotiators send food to
rebellious inmates as humanitarian gesture"...speaking about the Ohio prison
riot where they have killed at least one of the hostage guards.

I know it's not the same "group" but the mindset appears to be common to
"those what rule" here lately....they won't give diddley to the BD's in Waco
but they treat criminals as deserving of "humanitarian gestures".

This is but another indicator that the criminal caste seems to enjoy more
priviliges in today's society than their victims or other law abiding
citizens. What is it that makes the criminal so precious to the "leaders of
the system"?

Could it be that the criminal is one of the "tools" the "authorities" are
using to "excuse" some of the rights negation they are trying to foist upon
the law abiding citizen in the name of crime control....don't solve the crime
problem because then the citizen couldn't be held hostage to "our help".

If the crime problem were solved in favor of the citizen/victim at the
expense of the criminal none of the crap such as RICO and gun banning could
be used as excuses to work the agenda of those who would control our every
move and thought.
---
 . OLX 2.2 . If I have to explain, you wouldn't understand.
                                                                                                       
----
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Ye Olde Bailey BBS   713-520-1569 (V.32bis) 713-520-9566 (V.32bis)     |
|   Houston,Texas          yob.sccsi.com       Home of alt.cosuard       |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54213
From: ghm@sserve.cc.adfa.oz.au (Geoff Miller)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:

>	Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.
>	It would not be economic to smuggle them in. All production
>	would have to be local. There are not all that many people
>	who have both the skill AND motivation to assemble worthwhile
>	firearms from scratch. High-ranking crime figures could
>	obtain imported Uzis and such, but the average person, and
>	average thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun - and would
>	pay through the nose for it. 

So why did the Australian Customs Service make a public statement to
a parliamentary committee last year that weapons smuggling was a problem
which it was not able to control?  Possibly criminals don't have your 
grasp of economics?

Geoff Miller  (g-miller@adfa.edu.au)
Computer Centre, Australian Defence Force Academy

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54214
From: gaucher@sam.cchem.berkeley.edu
Subject: Re: 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD - GOOD !

Oh Christ, here we go again. I'm actually going to assume that
this was a serious posting, fool that I am.

In article <1993Apr18.001319.2340@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>Yea, there are millions of cases where yoy *say* that firearms
>'deter' criminals. Alas, this is not provable. I think that that
>there are actually *few* cases where this is so. 
 
And I suppose I should just take your word for it. Did you ever
think that many people who use firearms to protect themselves
might not admit to it because of the ridiculous laws which exist
forbidding concealed carry?

>The bulk of firarems are used against unworthy and unnesessary
>opponents ... those who posessa a cool jakcet you want, those who
>would argue with you about a parking space, those who would
>take your woman. In short, trivial and worthless causes.
 
I already own a cool jacket. I ride a bicycle to work and park
it behind my desk. And if my woman decides to go with someone
else, I'd be disappointed but killing her new suitor will probably
not endear her to me any more than before. Frankly, I've never
met a woman worth killing for anyway. (Now, an AR-15 with a chrome
barrel, THAT's worth killing for ...!-))

>Too much of this has ruined you cause. There is no recovery. 
>In the near future, federal martials will come for your arms.
>No one will help you. You are more dangerous, to their thinking,
>than the 'criminal'. This is your own fault. 
 
Does this pinhead know something the rest of us don't?
I'm not too worried about federal martials coming to get my guns.
The government can't seem to keep violent criminals in jail since
they don't have enough prison space, and the legal system is over-
burdened anyway. Where are they going to put all the millions of
gun-owners who won't fork over their weapons? Maybe you'd like to
volunteer the services of your humble abode, since you obviously
feel sooooo strongly about this.

>The 2nd amendment is dead. Accept this. Find another way.
 
Your argument has been rendered useless. Accept this. Find another
newsgroup.

------------------------------------------------------------
Lee Gaucher   NRA                |  My opinions.
gaucher@sam.cchem.berkeley.edu   |  No one else's.
------------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54215
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Ohio House Bill 278 (Otto Beatty's military weapons ban)

[Note, Ohio legislation unlike Federal legislation, shows the entire
law as it would be changed by the legislation.  These parts are in
ALL CAPITALS, the rest (i.e., current law is in regular type)].

AS INTRODUCED
 
120TH GENERAL ASEMBLY 
 
REGULAR SESSION                       H. B. NO. 278
 
1993-1994
 
REPRESENATIVE BEATTY
 
A BILL

To amend sections2923.11, 2923.17,and 2923.20 and
to enact section 2923.181 of the Revised Code
to expand the defintion of dangerous ordnance to
include military weapons that do not use bolt 
action, to increase the penalty for a violation
of the prohibition against possession of
dangerous ordnance, to prohibit any person from
acquiring a military weapon on or after the act's
effective date, to require the licensure of 
military weapons acquired for aproper purpose
prior to the act's effective dte, to prohibit a
person from importing, manufacturing, or selling
a military weapon, and to declare an emergency.

BE IT ENACTED BY THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE STATE OF OHIO:

Section 1. That sections 2923.11, 2923.17 and 2923.20 be

amended and section 2923.181 of the Revised Code be enacted to 

read as follows:

     Sec.  2923.11.  As used in section 2923.11 to 2923.24 of
the Revised Code:
     (A) "deadly weapon" means any instrument, device, or thing
capable of inflicting death, and designed or specially adapted
for use as a weapon, or possessed, carried, or used as a weapon.
     (B)(1)  "firearm" means any deadly weapon capable of
expelling or propelling one or more projectiles by the action of
an explosive or combustible propellant.  "firarms" includes an
unloaded firearm, and any firearm which is inoperable but which
can readily be rendered operable.
     (2) When determining whether a firearm is capable of
expelling or propelling one or more projectiles by the action of
an explosive or combustible propellant, the trier of fact may
rely upon circumstancial evidence, including, but not limited to,
the representations and actions of the individual exercising
control over the firearm.
     (C) "Handgun" means any firearm designed to be fired while 
held in one hand.
     (D) "Semi-automatic firearm" means any firearm designed or
specially adapted to fire a single cartridge and automatically
chamber a suceeding cartridge ready to fire, with a single
function of the trigger.
     (E) "Automatic firearm" means any firearm designed or
specially adapted to fire a succession of cartridges with a 
single function of the trigger.  "Automatic firearm" also means
any semi-automatic firearm designed or specially adapted to fire
more than thirty-one cartridges without reloading, other than a
firearm chambering only .22 caliber short, long, or long-rifle
cartridges.
     (F) "Sawed-off firearm" means a shotgun with a barrel less
than eighteen inches long, or a rifle with a barrel less than
sixteen inches long, or a shotgun or rifle less than twenty-six
inches long overall.
     (G)  "Zip-gun" means any of the following:
     (1)  Any firearm of crude and extemporized manufacture;
     (2)  Any device, including without limitation a starter's
pistol, not designed as a firearm, but which is specially adapted
for use as a firearm;
     (3)  Any industrial tool, signalling device, or safety
device, not designed as a firearm, but which as designed is
capable of use as such A FIREARM, when possessed, carried, or
used as a firearm.
     (H)  "Explosive device" means any device designed or
specially adapted to cause physical harm to persons or property
by means of an explosion, and consisting of an explosive
substance or agency and a means to detonate it.  "Explosive
device" includes without limitation any bomb, any explosive
demolition device, any blasting cap or detonator containing an
explosive charge, and any pressure vessel which has been
knowingly tampered with or arranged so as to explode.
     (I)  "Incendiary device" means any firebomb, and any device
designed or specially adapted to cause physical harm to persons
or property by means of fire, and consisting of an incendiary
substance or agency and a means to ignite it.
     (J)  "Ballistic knife" means a knife with a detachable
blade that is propelled by a spring-operated mechanism.
     (K)  "Dangerous ordinance" means any of the following,
except as provided in division (L) of this section:
     (1)  Any automatic or sawed-off firearms. zip-gun, or
ballistic knife;
     (2)  Any explosive device or incendiary device;
     (3)  Nitroglycerin, nitrocellulose, nitrostarch, PETN,
cyclonite, TNT, picric acid, and other high explosives; amatol, 
tritonal, tetrytol, pentolite, pecretol, cyclotol, and other high
explosive compositions; plastic explosives; dynamite, blasting
gelatin, gelatin dynamite, sensitized ammonium nitrate, liquid-
oxygen blasting explosives, blasting powder, and other blasting
agents; and any other explosive substance having sufficient
brisance or power to be particularly suitable for use as a
military explosive, or for use in mining, quarrying, excavating,
or demolitions;
     (4)  Any firearm, rocket launcher, mortar, artillery piece
grenade, mine, bomb, torpedo, or similar weapon, designed and
manufactured for military purposes, and the ammunition for that
weapon;
     (5)  Any firearm muffler or silencer;
     (6)  ANY MILITARY WEAPON;
     (7)  ANY DETACHABLE MAGAZINE, MAGAZINE, DRUM, BELT, FEED 
STRIP, OR SIMILAR DEVICE THAT HAS A CAPACITY OF, OR THAT READILY
CAN BE RESTORED OR CONVERTED TO ACCEPT, MORE THAN FIFTEEN ROUNDS 
OF AMMUNITION;   
     (8)  Any combination of parts that is intended by the owner
for use in converting any firearm or other device into a 
dangerous ordinance.
     (L)  "Dangerous ordnance" does not include any of the
following:
     (1)   Any firearm, including a military weapon and the
ammunition for that weapon, and regardless of its actual 
age, which employs a percussion cap or other obsolete ignition 
system or which is designed and safe for use only with black
powder, and
     (2)  Any pistol, rifle, or shotgun, designed or suitable
for sporting purposes, UNLESS THE FIREARM IS EITHER OF THE
FOLLOWING;
     (a)  A military weapon as issued or as modified, and the
ammunition for that weapon;
     (b)  AN automatic or sawed-off firearm.
     (3)  Any cannon or other artilery piece which,
regardless of its actual age, is of a type in accepted use prior 
to 1887, has no mechanical, hydraulic, pneumatic, or other system
for absorbing recoil and returning the tube into battery without
displacing the carriage, and is designed and safe for use only
with black powder;
     (4)  Black powder, priming quills, and percussion caps
possessed and lawfully used to fire a cannon of a type defined in
division (L) (3) of this section during displays, celebrations,
organized matches or shoots, and target practice, and smokeless
and black powder, primers, and percussion caps possed and
lawfully used as a propellant or ignition device in small-arms or
small-arms ammunition;
     (5)  Dangerous ordinance which is inoperable or inert and
cannot readily be rendered operable or activated, and which is
kept as a trophy, souvenir, curio, or museum piece.
     (6)  Any device which is expressly excepted from the
definition of a destructive device pursuant to the "Gun Control
Act of 1968," 82 Stat. 1213, 18 U.S.C. 921(a)(4), as amended, and
regulations issued under that act.
     (M)  "MILITARY WEAPON' MEANS ANY OF THE FOLLOWING;
     (1)  ANY FIREARM THAT ORIGINALLY WAS MANUFACTURED FOR 
MILITARY USE, OR A COPY OF ANY SUCH FIREARM, IF THE FIREARM IS
NOT A BOLT ACTION FIREARM;
     (2)  ANY MODEL OF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING FIREARMS THAT IS A
SEMI-AUTOMATIC FIREARM AND IS A RIFLE OR ANY MODEL OF ANY COPY OF
ANY OF THE FOLLOWING FIREARMS THAT IS A SEMI-AUTOMATIC FIREARM
AND IS A RIFLE;
     (a)  ARMALITE AR-180;
     (b)  AUTO-ORDNANCE THOMPSON MODELS 1927A1 AND M-1;
     (c)  AVTOMAT KALASHNIKOV;
     (d)  POLY TECH AK-47S;
     (e)  CHINA SPORTS AK-47 BULLPUP;
     (f)  MITCHELL AK-47 AND M-76
     (g)  BARRETT LIGHT-FIFTY MODEL 82A1;
     (h)  BARETTA AR-70;
     (i)  BUSHMASTER AUTO RIFLE;
     (j)  CALICO M900 AND M-100
     (k)  COLT AR-15
     (l)  COMMANDO ARMS CARBINE, MARK 111, MARK 45, AND MARK 9;
     (m)  UNIVERSAL 5000 CARBINE, ENFORCER;
     (n)  AMERICAN ARMS ARM-1 AND AKY 39;
     (o)  DAEWOO MAX-1 AND MAX-2;
     (p)  FABRIQUE NATIONALE FN/FAL, FN/LAR. AND FN/FNC;
     (q)  FAMAS MAS 223;
     (r)  FEATHER AT-9;
     (s)  FEDERAL KC-900 AND XC-450
     (t)  GALIL AR AND ARM;
     (u)  GONCZ HIGH-TECH CARBINE;
     (v)  HECKLER AND KOCH HK-91, HK-93, HK-94, AND PSG-1;
     (w)  MANDALL TAC-1 CARBINE
     (x)  RUGER MINI 14/SF FOLDING STOCK MODEL;
     (y)  SIG 57 AMT AND 500 SERIES;
     (z)  SPRINGFIELD ARMORY SAR-48, G-3, BM-59 ALPINE, AND M1A
 
CARBINE;
     (aa)  STERLING MK-6 AND MARK 7;
     (bb)  STEYR AUG;
     (cc)  UZI CARBINE AND MINI-CARBINE;
     (dd)  VALMET M-62S, M-76, M-78, AND M82 BULLPUP CARBINE;
     (ee)  WEAVER ARMS NIGHTHAWK;
     (ff)  MILITARY M14 AND MILITARY M1 CARBINE .30;
     (gg)  SPRINGFIELD ARMORY M1A ASSAULT;
     (hh)  THOMPSON 27A-5 WITH DRUM MAGAZINE;
     (ii)  PLAINFIELD COMMANDO UNIVERSE 5000 CARBINE;
     (jj)  COBRAY M-11 WITH OR WITHOUT SILENCER;
     (kk)  SPECTRE AUTO CARBINE;
     (ll)  SWD    COBRAY;
     (mm)  ARMI JAGER AP-74 AND AP-74 COMMANDO;
     (nn)  ARMSCORP OF AMERICA ISRAELI FN-FAL;
     (oo)  CLAYCO SKS CARBINE;  
     (pp)  DRAGUNOV SNIPER;
     (qq)  EMF AP-74;
     (rr)  IVER JOHNSON PM30 P PARATROOPER;
     (ss)  NORINCO SKS;
     (tt)  PARTISAN AVENGER;
     (uu)  SIGARMS SG 550 SP AND SG 551 SP;
     (vv)  SQUIRES BINGHAM M 16;
     (ww)  WILKINSON "TERRY" CARBINE.

     (3)  ANY MODEL OF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING FIREARMS THAT IS A
SEMI-AUTOMATIC FIREARM AND IS A PISTOL OR ANY MODEL OF ANY COPY
OF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING FIREARMS THAT IS A SEMI-AUTOMATIC FIREARM
AND IS A PISTOL:

     (a)  BUSHMASTER AUTO PISTOL;
     (b)  CALICO 100-P AUTO PISTOL;
     (c)  EBCIN NJ-IV, MP-9, AND MP-45;
     (d)  FEATHER MINI-AT;
     (e)  GONCZ HIGH TECH PISTOL'
     (f)  HOLMES MP-83 AND MP-22;
     (g)  INTRATEC TEC-9 AND SCORPION .22;
     (h)  IVER JOHNSON ENFORCER;
     (i)  INGRAM MAC-10 AND MAC-11;
     (j)  MITCHELL ARMS SPECTRE AUTO;
     (k)  SCARAB SKORPION;
     (l)  STERLING MK-7;
     (m)  UZI PISTOL;
     (n)  UNIVERSAL ENFORCER;
     (o)  WILKINSON "LINDA" AUTO PISTOL.
 
     (4)  ANY MODEL OF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING FIREARMS THAT IS A
SEMI-AUTOMATIC FIREARM AND IS A SHOTGUN OR ANY MODEL OF ANY COPY
OF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING FIREARMS THAT IS A SEMI-AUTOMATIC FIREARM
AND IS A SHOTGUN:
 
     (a)  FRANCHI SPAS-12 AND LAW-12;
     (b)  STRIKER 12 AND STREET SWEEPER;
     (c)  BENELLI M1 SUPER 90;
     (d)  MOSSBERG 500 BULLPUP;
     (e)  USAS-12 AUTO SHOTGUN.
 
     Sec. 2923.17.  (A)(1) No person shall knowingly acquire,
have, OR carry any dangerous ordnance.
 
     (2)  NO PERSON SHALL KNOWINGLY USE ANY DANGEROUS ORDNANCE.
     (B)  This section does not apply to ANY OF THE FOLLOWING:
     (1)  Officers, agents, or employees of this or any other
state or the United States, members of the armed forces of the
United States or the organized militia of this or any other
state, and law enforcement officers, to the extent that any such
person is authorized to acquire, have, carry, or use dangerous
ordnance and is acting within the scope of his duties;
     (2)  Importers, manufacturers, dealers, and users of
explosives, having a license or user permit issued and in effect
pursuant to the "Organized Crime Control Act of 1970," 84 Stat.
952, 18 U.S.C. 843, and any amendments or additions TO or
reenactments OF THAT ACT, with respect to explosives and
explosive devices lawfully acquired, possessed, carried, or used
under the laws of this state and applicable federal law;
     (3)  Importers, manufactuers, and dealers having a license
to deal in destructive devices or their ammunition, issued and in
effect pursuant to the "Gun Control Act of 1968," 82 Stat. 1213.
18 U.S.C. 923 and any amendments or additions TO or
reenactments OF THAT ACT, with respect to dangerous
ordnance lawfully acquired, possessed, carried, or used under the
laws of this state and applicable federal law;
     (4)  Persons to whom surplus ordnance has been sold,
loaned, or given by the secretary of the army pursuant to 70A
Stat. 62 and 263, 10 U.S.C. 4684, 4685, 4686, and any
amendments or additions TO or reenactments OF THAT ACT, with
respect to dangerous ordnance when lawfully possessed and used
for the purpose specified in THAT section;
     (5)  Owners of dangerous ordnance registered in the
national firearms registration and transfer record pursuant to
the act of October 22, 1968, 82 Stat.1229, 26 U.S.C. 5841, and
any amendments or additions TO or reenactments OF, and
regulations issued UNDER THE ACT.
     (6)  Carriers, warehousemen, and others engaged in the
business of transporting or storing goods for hire, with respect
to dangerous ordnance lawfully transported or stored in the usual
course of their business and in compliance with the laws of this
state and applicable federal law;
     (7)  The holders of a license or temporary permit issued
and in effect pursuant to section 2923.18 of the Revised Code, 
with respect to dangerous ordnance lawfully acquired, possessed,
carried, or used for the purposes and in the manner specified in
THE license or permit.
     (C)  DIVISION (A)(1) OF THIS SECTION DOES NOT APPLY TO THE
ACQUISITION, HAVING, OR CARRYING OF DANGEROUS ORDNANCE THAT IS A
MILITARY WEAPON IF BOTH OF THE FOLLOWING APPLY:
     (1)  THE PERSON WHO ACQUIRES, HAS, OR CARRIES THE DANGEROUS
ORDNANCE IN QUESTION ACQUIRED IT BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF
THIS AMENDMENT AS A COLLECTOR'S ITEM OR FOR A LEGITIMATE
RESEARCH, SCIENTIFIC, EDUCATIONAL, INDUSTRIAL, OR OTHER PROPER
PURPOSE;
     (2)  NO LATER THAN THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS ON THE SEVENTH DAY
AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AMENDMENT, THE PERSON WHO
ACQUIRED THE DANGEROUS ORDNANCE IN QUESTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH
DIVISION (C)(1) OF THIS SECTION SUBMITTED AN APPLICATION PURSUANT
TO SECTION 2923.181 OF THE REVISED CODE FOR A LICENSE TO HAVE AND
CARRY IT AND THE APPLICATION HAS NOT BEEN DENIED OR A VALID
LICENSE HAS BEEN ISSUED TO THE PERSON.
     (D)  DIVISIONS (A)(1) AND (2) OF THIS SECTION DO NOT APPLY 
TO THE ACQUISITION, HAVING, CARRYING, OR USING OF ANY DANGEROUS
ORDNANCE DESCRIBED IN DIVISION (k)(7) OF SECTION 2923.11 OF THE
REVISED CODE THAT WAS ACQUIRED PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF
THIS AMENDMENT.
     (E)  Whoever violates this section is quilty of unlawful
possession of dangerous ordnance, a AN AGGRAVATED felony of the
FIRST degree.
     Sec. 2923.181.  (A)  ANY PERSON WHO ACQUIRED A MILITARY 
WEAPON BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS SECTION SHALL FILE A
WRITTEN APPLICATION FOR A LICENSE TO HAVE AND CARRY THE MILITARY
WEAPON WITH THE SHERIFF OF THE COUNTY OR SAFETY DIRECTOR OR
POLICE CHIEF OF THE MUNICIPAL CORPORATION WHERE THE APPLICANT
RESIDES OR HAS HIS PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS.  THE APPLICATION
SHALL BE FILED NO LATER THAN THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS ON THE SEVENTH
DAY AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS SECTION AND SHALL BE
ACCOMPANIED BY A FILING FEE OF FIFTY DOLLARS.  THE PERSON SHALL
FILE A SEPARATE APPLICATION AND PAY A SEPARATE FILING FEE FOR
EACH MILITARY WEAPON THAT HE HAS OR INTENDS TO CARRY.  THE
APPLICATION SHALL CONTAIN ALL OF THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION:
     (1)  THE NAME, AGE, ADDRESS, OCCUPATION, AND BUSINESS
ADDRESS OF THE APPLICANT, IF THE APPLICANT IS A NATURAL PERSON,
OR THE NAME, ADDRESS, AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS OF THE
APPLICANT, IF THE APPLICANT IS A CORPORATION;
     (2)   A DESCRIPTION OF THE MILITARY WEAPON FOR WHICH A
LICENSE IS REQUESTED, INCLUDING THE SERIAL NUMBER AND ALL
IDENTIFICATION MARKS;
     (3)  A STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE FOR WHICH THE MILITARY
WEAPON WAS ACQUIRED AND FOR WHICH IT IS TO BE POSSESSED, CARRIED,
OR USED;
     (4)  ANY OTHER INFORMATION THAT THE ISSUING AUTHORITY MAY
REQUIRE IN GIVING EFFECT TO THIS SECTION;
     (5)  THE OATH OF THE APPLICANT THAT THE INFORMATION ON THE
APPLICATION IS TRUE.
     (B)(1)  NO LATER THAN THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS ON THE
FOURTEENTH DAY AFTER AN APPLICATION FOR A LICENSE TO HAVE AND
CARRY A MILITARY WEAPON HAS BEEN FILED UNDER DIVISION (A) OF THIS
SECTION, THE ISSUING AUTHORITY SHALL EITHER APPROVE THE
APPLICATION AND ISSUE A LICENSE TO THE APPLICANT OR DENY THE
APPLICATION AND SEND A LETTER OF DENIAL BY ORDINARY MAIL TO THE
APPLICANT.  AFTER CONDUCTING ANY NECESSARY INVESTIGATION, THE
ISSUING AUTHORITY SHALL ISSUE A LICENSE TO AN APPLICANT WHOM IT
DETERMINES SATISFIES THE FOLLOWING CRITERIA:
     (a)  THE APPLICANT IS TWENTY-ONE YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER, IF
THE APPLICANT IS A NATURAL PERSON;
     (b)  IT APPEARS THAT THE APPLICANT WILL POSSESS AND CARRY
THE MILITARY WEAPON AS A COLLECTOR'S ITEM OR FOR A LEGITIMATE,
SCIENTIFIC, EDUCATIONAL, INDUSTRIAL, OR OTHER PROPER PURPOSE;
     (c)  IT APPEARS THAT THE APPLICANT HAS SUFFICIENT
COMPETENCE TO HAVE AND CARRY THE MILITARY WEAPON AND THAT PROPER
PRECAUTIONS WILL BE TAKEN TO ENSURE THE SECURITY OF THE MILITARY
WEAPON AND THE SAFETY OF PERSONS AND PROPERTY;
     (d)  THE APPLICANT OTHERSWISE IS NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW FROM
HAVING OR CARRYING DANGEROUS ORDNANCE.
     (2)  A LICENSE ISSUED PURSUANT TO DIVISION (B)(1) OF THIS
SECTION SHALL BE VALID FOR ONE YEAR AFTER THE DATE OF ITS
ISSUANCE.  THE LICENSE SHALL BE RENEWED PURSUANT TO DIVISION   
(C) OF THIS SECTION.
     (C)(1)  EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN DIVISION (C)(3) OF THIS
SECTION, ANY PERSON WHO IS ISSUED A LICENSE UNDER DIVISION (B)(1)
OF THIS SECTION SHALL RENEW THE LICENSE BY FILING AN APPLICATION
FOR RENEWAL BY REGULAR MAIL WITH THE SHERIFF OF THE COUNTY OR THE
SAFETY DIRECTOR OR POLICE CHIEF OF THE MUNICIPAL CORPORATION WHO
WAS THE ISSUING AUTHORITY OF THE LICENSE.  AN APPLICATION FOR
RENEWAL SHALL BE FILED ANNUALLY NO LATER THAN ONE YEAR AFTER THE
DATE ON WHICH THE LICENSE WAS ISSUED OR LAST RENEWED.
     (2)  EACH SHERIFF AND EACH SAFETY DIRECTOR AND PEACE OFFICER
OF A MUNICIPAL CORPORATION SHALL MAKE AVAILABLE APPLICATIONS FOR
THE RENEWAL OF A LICENSE ISSUED UNDER DIVISION (B)(1) OF THIS
SECTION.  IN THE APPLICATION THE APPLICANT, UNDER OATH, SHALL
UPDATE THE INFORMATION SUBMITTED IN THE PREVIOUS APPLICATION FOR
A LICENSE OR THE RENEWAL OF A LICENSE.
     THE APPLICATION FOR THE RENEWAL OF A LICENSE SHALL BE
ACCOMPANIED BY A FEE OF FIVE DOLLARS.  THE APPLICANT SHALL FILE A
SEPERATE APPLICATION FOR RENEWAL AND PAY A SEPERATE RENEWAL FEE
FOR EACH MILITARY WEAPON THAT HE INTENDS TO CONTINUE TO HAVE AND
CARRY.
     (3)  A PERSON WHO HAS CHANGED HIS RESIDENCE OR PRINCIPAL
PLACE OF BUSINESS TO A LOCATION OUTSIDE OF THE JURISDICTION OF
THE ISSUING AUTHORITY SUBSEQUENT TO THE ISSUANCE OR RENEWAL OF A
LICENSE UNDER THIS SECTION SHALL RENEW HIS LICENSE BY FILING AN
APPLICATION IN THE MANNER PRESCRIBED BY DIVISION (A) OF THIS
SECTION WITH THE SHERIFF OF THE COUNTY OR THE SAFETY DIRECTOR OR
POLICE CHIEF OF THE MUNICIPAL CORPORATION WHERE HE THEN RESIDES
OR HAS HIS PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS.  WHEN MAKING AN
APPLICATION TO RENEW A LICENSE AFTER A CHANGE IN RESIDENCE OR
PLACE OF BUSINESS, THE APPLICANT SHALL GIVE NOTICE OF THE CHANGE
OF ADDRESS BY REGULAR MAIL TO THE ORIGINAL ISSUING AUTHORITY FOR
THE LICENSE AND THE STATE FIRE MARSHALL ON NOTIFICATION FORMS
PRESCRIBED BY THE SHERIFF, SAFETY DIRECTOR, OR POLICE CHIEF FROM
WHOM HE SEEKS RENEWAL.
     (D)  A LICENSE TO HAVE AND CARRY A MILITARY WEAPON SHALL
IDENTIFY THE PERSON TO WHOM IT IS ISSUED, IDENTIFY THE MILITARY
WEAPON FOR WHICH IT IS ISSUED, STATE THE PURPOSE IDENTIFIED IN
DIVISION (B)(1)(b) OF THIS SECTION FOR WHICH THE MILITARY WEAPON
WILL BE POSSESSED AND CARRIED, STATE ITS EXPIRATION DATE, AND
LIST ALL RESTRICTIONS ON THE HAVING OR CARRYING OF THE MILITARY
WEAPON AS PRESCRIBED BY THE LAWS OF THIS STATE AND APPLICABLE
FEDERAL LAW.
     (E)  ANY PERSON WHO IS ISSUED A LICENSE TO HAVE AND CARRY A 
MILITARY WEAPON UNDER THIS SECTION AND WHO CHANGES HIS ADDRESS
SHALL NOTIFY THE ISSUING AUTHORITY OF THE CHANGE OF HIS ADDRESS
NO LATER THAN NINETY DAYS AFTER THE CHANGE HAS OCCURRED.
     (F)  THE ISSUING AUTHORITY SHALL FORWARD TO THE STATE FIRE
MARSHALL A COPY OF EACH LICENSE ISSUED OR RENEWED UNDER THIS
SECTION.  THE STATE FIRE MARSHALL SHALL KEEP A PERMANENT FILE OF
ALL LICENSES ISSUED OR RENEWED UNDER THIS SECTION.
     (G)  THE ISSUING AUTHORITY SHALL CAUSE EACH APPLICATION FEE
OF FIFTY DOLLARS, FILED UNDER DIVISION (A) OF THIS SECTION, TO BE
DEPOSITED IN THE GENERAL FUND OF THE COUNTY OR MUNCIPAL
CORPORATION SERVED BY THE ISSUING AUTHORITY.  THE ISSUING
AUTHORITY SHALL CAUSE TWO DOLLARS AND FIFTY CENTS OF EACH RENEWAL
FEE, FILED UNDER DIVISION (C) OF THIS SECTION, TO BE DEPOSITED IN
THE GENERAL FUND OF THE COUNTY OR MUNICIPAL CORPORATION SERVED BY
THE ISSUING AUTHORITY AND SHALL SEND TWO DOLLARS AND FIFTY CENTS
OF EACH RENEWAL FEE TO THE TREASURER OF STATE FOR DEPOSIT IN THE
STATE TREASURY TO THE CREDIT OF THE GENERAL REVENUE FUND.
     (H)  WHOEVER VIOLATES DIVISION (A) OF THIS SECTION IS
GUILTY OF FAILING TO APPLY FOR THE LICENSURE OF A MILITARY
WEAPON, A FELONY OF THE FOURTH DEGREE.  WHOEVER VIOLATES DIVISION
(C) OF THIS SECTION IS GUILTY OF FAILING TO APPLY FOR RENEWAL OF
A LICENSE FOR A MILITARY WEAPON, A MISDEMEANOR OF THE FIRST
DEGREE.
     (I)  A MILITARY WEAPON THAT IS NOT LICENSED AS REQUIRED BY
THIS SECTION IS CONTRABAND, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2901.01 OF THE
REVISED CODE AND IS SUBJECT TO FORFEITURE UNDER SECTION 2933.43
OF THE  REVISED CODE.
     SEC. 2933.20.  (A)  No person shall DO ANY OF THE
FOLLOWING:
     (1)  IMPORT, MANUFACTURE, POSSESS FOR SALE, SELL, OR
FURNISH TO ANY PERSON ANY MILITARY WEAPON;
     (2)  Recklessly sell, lend, give, or furnish any firearm to
any person prohibited by section 2923.13 or 2923.15 of the
Revised Code from acquiring or using any firearm, or recklessly
sell, lend, give, or furnish any dangerous ordnance to any person
prohibited by section 2923.13, 2923.15, or 2923.17 of the Revised
Code from acquiring or using any dangerous ordnance;
     (3)  Possess any firearm or dangerous ordnance with
purpose to dispose of it in violation of division (A) of this
section;
     (4)  Manufacture, possess for sale, sell, or furnish to
any person other than a law enforcement agency for authorized use
in police work, any brass knuckles, cestus, billy, blackjack,
sandbag, switchblade knife, springblade knife, gravity knife, or
similar weapon;
     (5)  When transferring any dangerous ordnance to
another, negligently fail to require the transferes to exhibit
ANY identification, license, or permit showing him to be
authorized to acquire dangerous ordnance pursuant to section
2923.17 of the Revised Code, or negligently fail to take a
complete record of the transaction and forthwith forward a copy
of THE record to the sheriff of the county or safety
director or police chief of the municipality where the
transaction takes place;
     (6)  Knowingly fail to report to law enforcement
authorities forthwith the loss or theft of any firearm or
dangerous ordnance in such person's possession or under his
control.
     (b)  Whoever violates this section is quilty of unlawful
transactions in weapons.  Violation of division (A)(1) OF THIS
SECTION IS AN AGGRAVATED FELONY OF THE FIRST DEGREE.  VIOLATION
OF DIVISION (A)(2) OR (3) Oof this section is a felony of the
third degree.  Violation of division (A) (4) OR (5) of this
section is a misdemeanor of the second degree.  Violation of
division (6) of this section is a midemeanor of the fourth
degree.
     Section 2.  That existing section 2923.11, 2923.17 and
2923.20 of the Revised Code are hereby repealed.
     Section 3.  This act is hereby declared to be an emergency
measure necessary for the immediate preservation of the public
peace, health, and safety.  The reason for this necessity is that
with immediate action, this act will prohibit the continued
purchase, possession, and use of military weapons and as a result
will ameliorate a substantial threat of death and injury to the
public caused by the misuse of improper use of these weapons.
Therefore, this act shall go into immediate effect.
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54216
From: gaucher@sam.cchem.berkeley.edu
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

In article <1993Apr18.000152.2339@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>You are loosing.
         ^^^^^^^
>There is no question about it. 
 
You can't spell. There is no question about it.

>Of those who vote, your cause is considered an abomination. No matter
>how hard you try, public opinion is set against the RKBA. 
 
We must be reading different public opinion polls. I agree that the
misguided public would like to see assault weapons banned (mainly because
they are being lied to by the media about the frequency of their use
in violent crime ... ~1%), but if public opinion were so dead-set
against the RKBA you can bet that idiots like Metzenbaum and Schumer
would be seeing their foolish bills getting passed through Congress
a LOT easier than they are. And as governments go broke and can no
longer protect their citizens you can bet that the American people
will start to really appreciate the usefulness of firearms. Contrary 
to what you might think, time is probably on OUR side, not YOURS.

>This is the end. By the finish of the Clinton administration, your
>RKBA will be null and void. Tough titty.
 
Yeah, right. Don't hold your breath. My condolences on the discovery
of uncomfortable resilience in your mammary glands, but this has nothing
to do with the issue at hand.

... ridiculous tripe deleted ...
 
>The press is against you, the public (the voting public) is against
>you, the flow of history is against you ... this is it !
 
Yeah, the liberal press doesn't like us much, but you can't really
expect coherent thought from them anyway. Their opinions are based
more on a desire to appear politically correct than on facts (which
are generously provided by the FBI, if they'd bother to put on their
Birkenstocks and go to the library to read them). Most of my friends
are anti-gun, and without exception NONE of them bases his/her opinions
on facts. They would rather believe (despite all evidence to the
contrary) that disarming law-abiding citizens would make the world
more civilized, when all it really does is make us all sheep. They 
would rather wallow in their pitiful liberal white guilt about how
society has driven the criminal to rob, rape, and murder. They 
support spending millions of public dollars protecting the rights of scum
who have already demonstrated that they have no regard for society
or its laws. They ignore the fact that areas with the strictest gun
control (NYC,DC) have the worst crime and areas with little gun
control (VT,NH,ID) have very little crime in comparison. But they
have to ignore this because otherwise they would need to confront
the fact that law-abiding citizens who own guns are not the ones that
are causing most of the trouble in society. Oh no, we certainly can't
accept that! But I guess I have faith that when crime starts making
significant inroads into their neighborhoods and starts directly
hurting them and their families, they will probably whistle a different
tune. They just better hope it isn't too late then.

>Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect
>them. Resistance is useless. They will overwhelm you - one at a time.
 
Hmmm. I wasn't expecting company tonight. I might be able to whip
up a quick cheese and cracker plate, but they should probably bring
their own drinks. Do I have time to vacuum the rug?

>Too fucking bad. You have gone the way of the KKK. Violent solutions
>are passe'. Avoid situations which encourage criminals. Then you will
>be as safe as possible. Such as it is ...

I'm glad you ended the posting here. Your medication seems to have
worn off ...

-----------------------------------------------------------
Lee Gaucher    NRA               | My opinions.
gaucher@sam.cchem.berkeley.edu   | No one else's.
-----------------------------------------------------------



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54217
From: Seth Adam Eliot <se08+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD - GOOD !

Excerpts from netnews.talk.politics.guns: 18-Apr-93 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD -
GOOD ! by jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu 
> Yea, there are millions of cases where yoy *say* that firearms
> 'deter' criminals. Alas, this is not provable. I think that that
> there are actually *few* cases where this is so. 

excerpted from a letter I wrote a while ago:

     Although less apparent to those who have not researched
the facts, personal protection is as legitimate a reason  as
sport for the private citizen to own a gun.  The most recent
research  is  that  of Dr. Gary Kleck of the  Florida  State
University  School of Criminology.1  He found that  handguns
are  more  often  used by victims to defeat  crime  than  by
criminals to commit it (645,000 vs. 580,000 respectively  in
this  study).  These figures are even more encouraging  when
you  consider the number of crimes that never occur  because
of  the  presence  of a gun in the hands  of  a  law-abiding
private  citizen.  In a National Institute of Justice  study
of  ten state prisons across the country they found that 39%
of  the  felons  surveyed had aborted  at  least  one  crime
because  they believed that the intended victim was  armed.,
and  57% agreed that "most criminals are more worried  about
meeting an armed victim than they are about running into the
police."2
     One  of the most heinous of crimes is that against  the
women  of  this country.  It has been my recent  observation
that  more  women  are purchasing handguns  for  defense  in
response  to  the  present danger of these  assaults.   This
should be taken as encouraging news if the events of Orlando
Florida  are any indicator.  In the late 1960's  the  female
populace was plagued with a series of brutal assaults;  just
the  publicity of the record number of women buying guns and
obtaining training resulted in an 88% decrease in  rape  for
that  area,  the  only city of its size in  the  country  to
experience a decrease of crime for that year.  Additionally,
a 1979 US Justice Department study of 32,000 attempted rapes
showed  that overall, when rape is attempted, the completion
rate  is 36%. But when a woman defends herself with  a  gun,
the completion rate drops to 3%.
 
1 G Kleck, Point Blank: Guns and Violence in America Aldine
de Gruyter, NY, 1991
2 JD Wright & PH Rossi Armed and Considered Dangerous:  A
Survey of Felons and Their Firearms, Aldine de Gruyter, NY,
1986
-------

__________________________________________________________________________
[unlike cats] dogs NEVER scratch you when you wash them. They just
become very sad and try to figure out what they did wrong. -Dave Barry
           
Seth Eliot                    Dept of Material Science and Engineering
                              Carnegie Mellon Univerity,   Pittsburgh, PA
ARPA    :eliot+@cmu.edu       |------------------------------------------
   or    se08+@andrew.cmu.edu |
Bitnet:  se08%andrew@cmccvb   |      
------------------------------|

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54218
From: tnyurkiw@descartes.uwaterloo.ca (TN)
Subject: definition of 2nd


	The debate over the Second Amendment rages on.
Arguments continue over what a "well-regulated militia"
is and what TRKBA means in practical terms.  However, the
ONLY authority in this area, is a binding court decision
on the matter.  Even a decision in this area is subject to
an overturning by a higher court.  Is there anyone who
has the facts of a legal precedent, preferably a Supreme
Court decision on the specific meaning of the 2nd Amendment?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54220
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: CNN for sale

In article <93106.21394634AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
|In article <2001.150.uupcb@yob.sccsi.com>, jim.wray@yob.sccsi.com (Jim Wray)
|says:
|>
|> Bill Vojak:
|>
|> BV>I read in the paper yestarday that Ted Turner wants to "trim" down
|> BV>his media holdings and is putting CNN up for sale.  The #1 potential
|> BV>bidder?  TIME/Warner of course.  Sigh . . . . . Just what we need. :-(
|>
|> Maybe now's the time for us, the NRA, GOA, CCRTKBA, SAF, et al to band
|> together and buy CNN as *our* voice. Wouldn't that be sumpin....broadcast
|> the truth for a change and be able to air a favorable pro-gun item or two...
|>
|I would like to see this happen. I don't think it will. I don't
|think the average gun-owner will take any notice of what is happening
|until they break down HIS door.
|
|BUT I will go on record publicly to the effect that I will contribute a
|minimum of $1,000.00 to the buy-out fund if it can be organized and made
|viable. Anybody else want to put their money where their mouth is?  :)
|There ar 50+ MILLION gun owners out there. If - and it's a big and
|not very realistic if - we got hold of CNN, the anti-gun bullshit would
|STOP RIGHT THERE. Why won't it happen - because nobody will get off their
|ass and MAKE it happen. Nuts.

I will join the ranks here.  If someone has the ability to actually put this
thing together and get enough support, I'll also contribute $1000 to the 
effort.  And jeeze, people, I'm a *student*, with *no job* yet, and I will
put up my own hard-earned savings if it means we have a shot at getting
the truth told on the airwaves.  Count me in.

Mike Ruff
-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54221
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

reimer@uinpla.npl.uiuc.edu (Paul E. Reimer) writes:
|There are a lot of automobile accidents, but atleast there is some
|regulation to try to combat this.  When I got my drivers license, I HAD
|to take a drivers safety class.  I HAVE to be licensed to drive.  My car
|MUST be registered.  I MUST (at least where I live) have liability
|insurance on both myself driving and my car (if someone else had an
|accident with it).  Hmm, wouldn't manditory saftey classes, registration
|of both the owner and gun, and manditory liability insurance be nice for
|gun owners.

As I'm sure others will have pointed out to you by now, none of the above
measures are required for you *on your own property*.  You do not have to
have a license, your car does not have to be registered or inspected, and
you do not have to have insurance or safety training classes, when you own
and operate that vehicle on your own premises.  If you are going to make use
of this dubious analogy, at least make it accurate.  And by the way, in Texas
you can drive a car in public (with the proper credentials), but an ordinary
civilian can't carry a gun legally in public to save his/her life.

So I won't even consider registration, *manadatory* safety classes, or
*manadatory* liability insurance unless I get a federal law repealing
all local, state, and federal gun control laws which abridge the Second
Amendment, and a non-discretionary federal weapons carry permit, good
anywhere in the United States.  Come on, you wanted the analogy.


Mike Ruff
-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54222
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
:You are loosing.

"Loosing"?  Well, I'll avoid the spelling flames and see if this person
can make up for it.


:There is no question about it. 

Oh, there's LOTS of question about it.  People are becoming more aware each
day that their rights are being threatened, so much so that NRA membership 
is growing at the rate of nearly 2,000 per *day*.  We are slowly gaining
our rightful voice, despite the biases, prejudices, and veiled motives of
the liberal media and anti-gun politicians.  We will win.

:Of those who vote, your cause is considered an abomination. No matter
:how hard you try, public opinion is set against the RKBA. 

What do you base this on?  Some highly-skewed poll conducted by NBC News?
The same group who faked GM pickup explosions just to make "news"?  Right.

:This is the end. By the finish of the Clinton administration, your
:RKBA will be null and void. Tough titty.

It is true that we face even greater obstacles to our rights, betrayed by
those lying politicians who swear an oath to protect the Constitution "from
all enemies, both foreign and domestic."  But the People will take only so
many lies and deceits.

:You had better discover ways to make do without firearms. The number of
:cases of firearms abuses has ruined your cause. There is nothing you
:can do about it. Those who live by the sword shall die by it. 

Then the criminals who live by murder shall die by it.  Honest, law-abiding
citizens need have no fear on that count.  You, however, will evidently
die by (or at least in) ignorance.  And the number of firearms self-defenses
shall spell out our ultimate victory.

:The press is against you, the public (the voting public) is against
:you, the flow of history is against you ... this is it !

The flow of history was against the Founding Fathers, but they managed to 
successfully form the first real free republic on the face of this planet,
a republic that has become the model for all others to follow.  The press
is against us, for its own selfish motivations.  And the people will soon
realize the depths of deceit being spread by that media, and nullify its
ill-directed power.  The People are with us.

:Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect
:them. Resistance is useless. They will overwhelm you - one at a time.
:Your neighbors will not help you. They will consider you more if an
:immediate threat than the abstract 'criminal'. 

I shall never submit to an illegal, unConstitutional police state.  I will
take my own vow to uphold the Constitution, and I shall defend it and my
country against a tyrannical government gone mad, should it become
necessary.

:Too fucking bad. You have gone the way of the KKK. Violent solutions
:are passe'. Avoid situations which encourage criminals. Then you will
:be as safe as possible. Such as it is ...

I will not be your sacrificial sheep, and I shall not bow down to you or
anyone else who seeks to control my life.  Being an unarmed target is the
SUREST way of encouraging criminals, and believe me, I shall avoid it as
much as possible.  Then I shall be as safe as possible.  I will answer
with violence only when no other option exists, but I shall surely answer.

Mike Ruff



-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54223
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD - GOOD !

jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
:Yea, there are millions of cases where yoy *say* that firearms
:'deter' criminals. Alas, this is not provable. I think that that
:there are actually *few* cases where this is so. 

You "think" wrong.  Ask the FBI.  They've got the proof.  Look it up.

:The bulk of firarems are used against unworthy and unnesessary
:opponents ... those who posessa a cool jakcet you want, those who
:would argue with you about a parking space, those who would
:take your woman. In short, trivial and worthless causes.

You lie like a snake.  The "vast majority" of the 200 MILLION firearms
in this country are never used in anger.  Your feelings notwithstanding.

:Too much of this has ruined you cause. There is no recovery. 
:In the near future, federal martials will come for your arms.
:No one will help you. You are more dangerous, to their thinking,
:than the 'criminal'. This is your own fault. 

We will overcome the kind of blind, pig-headed, utterly stupid idiocy that
you and others spout in a vain attempt to further your own agendas.  We
will make the truth be known, despite your best efforts to the contrary.

:The 2nd amendment is dead. Accept this. Find another way.

The Second Amendment won't be dead unless it is repealed.  That won't happen.

EVER.

Accept this.  Find another way to try and control other's lives, because we
see you for what you are, and we are not fooled.

Mike Ruff



-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54224
From: pspod@hooch.lerc.nasa.gov (Steve Podleski)
Subject: Re: With Friends Like These -- L. Neil Smith

papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod) writes:
>...
>Some guns will get through, but far fewer, and far less people will
>die because of them.  

Do you have any statistical evidence to back you claim that requires another
limitation of the citizenry freedom?
-- 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Steve Podleski			|     phone: 216-433-4000
NASA Lewis Research Center     	|    
Cleveland, Ohio  44135         	|     email: pspod@hooch.lerc.nasa.gov 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54225
From: HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In <1r0qk5INNc5m@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com writes:

> In article <C5rynw.Iz8@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
> writes:
> > I balance my gut reaction to question authority together with the 
> > independent facts as I see them on video.  I usually adopt the 
> > scenario that is simplest and most plausible.  I do not generally 
> > believe in conspiracy theories that involve complicated and unlikely 
> > scenarios.
> > 
> Then answer the question:  Why was NO ONE ELSE permitted to talk to Koresh, 

  Koresh had a lawyer, Deguin(?) who he spoke to in person several times during
the last few weeks. 

> It cannot be denied that if they had left them alone, there would have been 
>no fire yesterday.

  This strikes me as a tad ingenous.  "If X had done/note done Y, then Z would
never have happened."  I tend to place tha responsibility on the group/person
actually committing the act, not on those whon "forced them to do it".

  After all, to take an extreme example, if the British were not in Northern
Ireland, the IRA would not be forced to place bombs in shopping centers.

  That said, this whole sorry story was a totally unecessary, utterly fucked
up mess from the get go.

semper fi,

Jammer Jim Miller 
Texas A&M University '89 and '91
________________________________________________________________________________
 I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
"Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing System."
 "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
      ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54226
From: kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead)
Subject: Letter to the President

Here's a copy of a letter I'm e-mailing to the Slickster at
his address of 75300.3115@compuserve.com:

____________________________________________________________________________

To: William J. Clinton
    President of the United States of America

Mr. President:

I am writing to express my utter outrage at the conduct of various
government agencies in regards to the tragedy in Waco.  I DEMAND
the dismissal or resignation of Lloyd Bensen, Secretary of the Treasury,
who bears responsibility for the initial helicopter and grenade attack 
by the ATF against the Branch Davidians, and of Janet Reno, who authorized 
the final assault on the very day that we were commemorating the Warsaw
ghetto revolt.  And I would truly appreciate it if you would make
sure something like this never happens again on your watch.

Respectfully yours,

Kenneth D. Whitehead

___________________________________________________________________________


Get involved, gang.  It's your Republic.  Let's take it back.


**************************************************************************
*   I will be much more willing to believe the Government's side of the  *
*   Waco story AFTER we are allowed to hear from the survivors.  So far, *
*   all we've gotten has been censored by the very people who have the   *
*   most to cover up.  And I'd REALLY like to know how they got the      *
*   press, who complained so loudly about being kept off the front lines *
*   during the Gulf War, be such obedient lap dogs in Waco...  Kind of   *
*   makes me wonder if this so-called "freedom of the press" isn't       *
*   highly overrated.                                                    *
**************************************************************************
Ken Whitehead (kdw@odin.icd.ab.com)







Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54227
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: Insane Gun-toting Wackos Unite!!!

In article <1576@heimdall.sdrc.com> crrob@sony1.sdrc.com (Rob Davis) writes:
> Do you know how many deaths each year are caused by self-inflicted gun-
> shot wounds by people wearing thigh holsters?

No, but I have several other breakdowns of accidental shootings.
I've never seen one that specifically provides the info that Davis insists
that he has, so I'd love to have a cite.

>If you fall, for example,
> and land on the handgun or cause a sudden blow, the gun will discharge.

Wrong.  There's one gun design where that can happen, and it is
supposed to be carried with the hammer over an unloaded chamber.
(Cocking the gun turns the cylinder so that a loaded cylinder is under
the hammer.  In other words, it can be usefully carried in a safe
manner.)  Other handgun designs don't have that property; if their
trigger isn't pulled, the hammer can't hit the firing pin.

> The number of people killed in this manner far outweighs the number of
> deaths caused by animal attacks or "wacko" attacks combined.

The breakdowns that I do have include the above category.  From them I
can safely say that if Davis is right in ALL of his claims, a large
negative number of people are killed by animals, because we know that
the number of killings by wackos is reasonably large and that the
number of accidents due to gun failures (which is a superset of the
described circumstance) is near zero.

>I can find the figures if you don't believe me.

Please do.  Include a cite for those of us who like looking at
context.  Make sure that your source excludes other types of
accidents and suicides that are misreported.  ("Gun cleaning
accident" is police-speak for "the family needs the insurance
money.")

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54228
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Re: "Proper gun control?" What is proper gun control?


|in L.A., the first recorded survivor of a .357 shot to the heart.  That
|lady not only killed her attacker, but chased him down to do it!  All
|four of her shots, fired after SHE had been shot, struck the perp.  Atta
|girl!  The bullet entered her on a downward angle, went through the apex
|of her heart, down through the diaphragm, clipped her liver and
|destroyed her spleen.  It then exited her back leaving a tennis ball
|sized hole.  She died about six times on the operating table, but was
|out of the hospital in 15 days and was back on full duty in eight
|months!  She was off duty at the time and not wearing her vest.  She was
|on her way home so happened to have her gun.  No, she doesn't think
|civilians should have the same rights.  Sigh.

Well, if police think they are so special that only _THEY_ are worthy
of self-defense, perhaps we start putting the arm on police; maybe
we should start demanding that police are only police when ON-DUTY,
that after that they are just like the ordinary disarmed helpless
chumps they consider "civilians."

Let's prohibit arms carrying by police when off-duty. Or, if they make
the assertion that "Well, I need to maintain my gun" let's make it
regulation that they can carry an UNLOADED firearm home, that it's
only fair that they be just as helpless as poor schmuck coming home
from his computer operator job...

NRA Director/ex-San Jose cop Leroy Pyle states in the latest SWAT
magazine that anti-cops better watch out for this schism between
RKBA folks and the police. He asks the rhetorical question of 'What
if what's left of the gun lobby starts demanding the disarmament
of the police?"

Well, I guess anti-gun cops who think only they should be armed,
along with the wealthy and politically connected, should be made
to realize that screwing can cut in ways they have yet to imagine.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54229
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

In article <1993Apr14.221646.2332@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu>, jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:

> >        You might have missed the U.S. News & World Report excerpt
> > I posted.  It is fairly consistant with other such polls, finding
> > that approximately 40-50% of households have at least one firearm.

> 	OK ... a near-majority actually OWN firearms, but I will still
> 	claim that the VAST majority never needs to use them or even
> 	threaten anyone with them.

500,000 to 1,000,000 self-defense incidents a YEAR doesn't count with you?

>       What do they do right ... or are
> 	they just lucky ? 

Maybe they're just UNLUCKY.  If a rapist pulls a woman into an alley
in Boston, chances are almost certain that she won't be counted 
as one of those self-defenders because our local constabulary didn't
consider it important that she be allowed to arm herself.  Even though
the shotgun she owns at home makes her show up in the "gun owner" column.

>       In either case, this means the 'average
> 	threat level' in this country is rather low. 

Ironic words for somebody who lives in Florida.  The "average threat
level" in Florida has been REDUCED by a liberal CCW policy.  It's well
known that your local thugs like to target tourists precisely because 
they are less likely to be carrying than your natives.  Come on up to
Boston, or NYC, or Washington DC, and see how much diddlysquat the 
"average threat level in the country" means to a resident there.

> 	I think you have weapons on the brain. I never said that these
> 	alternative means of self-protection involved any hardware.
> 	Why are 'good' neighborhoods 'good' ? It isn't because every
> 	person is armed to the teeth. It is because of (1) attitude
> 	and (2) cooperation. In the 'good' neighborhoods, the residents
> 	make themselves aware of their neighbors and notice when
> 	strangers are lurking around. 'Good' neighborhoods form groups
> 	like 'crime-watch' to increase this effect, and the relative
> 	effectiveness of the police. When hostiles are arrested, the
> 	good neighbors step up and say "THAT'S the one officer ! He
> 	was robbing Mr. Jones' house". 

Sometimes this works.  Sometimes it just lands your good neighbors 
on the dance card for the next wave of drive-bys.  Someone here once
told a story about LA gangs moving into Phoenix.  I've misplaced the
original text, but the story started with one resident calling the 
cops on a gang member.  Sure enough, a few nights later, there was a 
drive-by performed at the resident's house.  Except that this time,
unlike in LA, the entire street came out and returned fire, putting
an end to the car's occupants.  The gang packed up and left.

Of course, in LA, or in a place like Florida after the hurricane,
your first problem is to FIND an officer to step up to and tell
anything.

> 	In short, the alternative to firepower is gangs ... or at
> 	least a benificent manifestation of that social cooperative.
> 	Replace lead with flesh ... the flesh makes a better
> 	conversationalist too and you can invite it over for a
> 	block party. 

Look, nobody is arguing this.  I have a fire extinguisher at home.  
That doesn't mean I can be careless about tossing my burnt matches 
on the carpet.  I live carefully, monitor the woodstove, get my flue
cleaned twice a year, and test my smoke alarms annually.  But if --
DESPITE all this -- a fire does start, it's too late for any of
these things EXCEPT the extinguisher.

> >        But legality and legitimacy also matter.  If a government's charter
> > makes a rule, which the government then violates, it is violated the
> > basis for its existance.  Enforcement of its will becomes a matter
> > solely of force of arms.
> 
> 	Oliver North. The man is positively worshiped in many
> 	all-American 'conservative' quarters. He and Big Ron
> 	set-up a secret government and did all sorts of severely
> 	illegal deeds - the kind of stuff you and I would be doing
> 	twenty-to-life for, yet he walks free. This BS happens all
> 	the time. In fact, it happens so much that no one really
> 	cares anymore.  'Legitimacy' is a non-issue. Legality is
> 	a non-issue. So long as we get T-bones and our MTV, who
> 	gives a rats ass ? 

You seem to be agreeing with your opponent.  You can't trust your
government to protect you from abusers and violators -- white-collar,
blue-collar, epauletted, or tank-shirted.  Ultimately, no one has the
power to enforce your "rights" but you.  Unless you've given up that 
power.

> 	No. I claimed that no one is interested in the statistical
> 	aspects of the argument. Pure emotion, like the abortion issue.

Too many people fit that category, that is true.  Some of us like to
believe that they are uninterested in the facts behind the case for gun 
ownership because they've been conditioned to believe that there AREN'T 
any.  You seem content to underestimate the electorate; I'm willing to
try to raise their consciousness.

> 	Argue away ... you can't win. 

I think we can.

HCI was founded in what, 1980?  In the mid-80's, they ran a "One 
Million Strong!" campaign for two years before reaching this goal.  
My understanding is that they "reached" it by the stratagem of including
wide classes of people other than dues-paying members.  (I can't speak
authoritatively on this -- maybe somebody else has details.)  Then they
started running a "Two Million Strong!" campaign for a while -- but they
let it slip into unannounced obscurity when it became clear that they
simply were never going to reach that level of membership.

In 1964, just after the commencement of the Dodd Hearings -- the starting
point of the modern gun-control movement, the NRA had a mere 625,000 members.  
By 1968, barely after the first murmurs of future registration, it had 
about a million.  Today, it has over three million members, making it the
third largest membership organization in the country (next to AARP and AAA).
And its membership is GROWING FASTER than at any previous time.  (Historical
figures from Kukla's "Gun Control," pp. 61 and 420.)

As you say, many of the people in the middle of this debate are bemused
by their T-bones and MTV.  That leaves hard-core gun-owners against 
hard-core gun banners.

I know a number of ex-HCI members who have recently become NRA members.
I've never heard of a single one who has gone the other way.

Yes, I think we can and will win this one.

> 	Firearms-related mindless mayhem will be related to the
> 	availibility of firearms. If they become scarce and 
> 	and expensive, a different psychology will take hold.
> 	I *think* they would be used far less to settle trivial
> 	complaints. 

I think they would be used far less to hammer nails, as well, but,
like you, I can't give any citation showing that this utilization is
CURRENTLY significant at more than an anecdotal level.  If you can, 
I'm waiting.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54230
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: Clinton wants National ID card, aka USSR-style "Internal Passport"

In article <1993Apr14.175931.66210@cc.usu.edu> slp9k@cc.usu.edu writes:
>> (BTW - Which parts should be secure?  Criminal
>> records, ie convictions, are typically considered public information,
>> so should that info be secure?  Remember, the population includes
>> parents checking prospective childcare worker.)
>
>	Like I said, I'm not sure of the details.  But it seems to me that you
>could access medical information without giving out a name, or any other
>information.

Medical info without a name/body attached is completely useless for
treatment.

>The article I mentioned the the earlier post described a debit
>card type transaction in which neither the store nor the BANK, knew who was
>withdrawing the money.

Thus making it as secure as cash, for some purposes, but far less
secure for others.

>	Parent's checking a babysitter shouldn't need access to the information
>stored in the card.

Sure they do.  The prospective sitter may have a nasty habit of molesting
kids three or four months into the job.  The references may not have
known him long enough or may not have picked up on this yet.

Remember, criminal conviction info is public, so if you're going to
argue for an ID card, other people are going to have a strong argument
that it disclose public info.

>things.  I think anything that you choose to keep unknown should be.

Thus making it useless for negative information.

>could have it so that only doctors can access medical information, police
>criminal records etc etc.

Yeah right.  How are you going to keep doctors from spilling the
beans?  (We already know that you can't keep cops from disclosing
info, but at least that info is typically supposed to be public
anyway.)

>	Like I said, it's best if you read the article for yourself.

The article discusses technology, not appropriate policy.  It also
fails to deal with "what happens if the folks with the secrets blab".

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54231
From: jaf@a2.cim.cdc.com (James Foster x2912)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1qie2rINN1b9@cae.cad.gatech.edu>, vincent@cad.gatech.edu (Vincent Fox) writes:
|> In <93104.173826U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
|> [deleted]
|> []       And as far as fully-automatic weapons, you can be a lot better
|> []armed if you want to hit what you aim at.
|> []
|> >What seems to be happening here is the situation getting totally blown out of
|> >proportion.  In my post I was referring to your regular patrolman in a car
|> >cruising around the city vs. gang members.  Of course the police have access
|> >to the things that you mentioned but do they use tanks and such all of the
|> >time?  Of course they don't and that's the point I was trying to make.  Every
|> >day when I go out to lunch I always see cops coming in.  The majority that I
|> >see are still carrying revolvers.  Not that there is anything wrong with a
|> >revolver but if you're a cop that is up against some gang member with a couple
|> >of automatics in his coat (I mean semi-auto handguns) you're going to be at a
|> >disadvantage even with training.  I have been at a shooting range where gang
|> >gang members were "practicing" shooting.  They were actually practicing
|> >taking out their guns as quick as possible and shooting at the target
|> >and they weren't doing too badly either.   The University cops here (who are
|> >are state cops) are armed better than the Chicago police.  It seems most
|> >state cops are.

Every city and suburban police officer I've seen around the Twin Cities in the
last two years has carried a semi-auto of some type (different brands though
I haven't seen any Glock's). 

With regard to this discussion:  We are getting dangerously far from the usual
rantings of t.p.g, and close to the realm of r.g, but I'd like to put my two
cents worth in.  While there's nothing wrong with a revolver (especially a 
large frame S&W in .357 magnum - my favorite) there are valid advantages to
semi-autos.  I suggest reading Massad Ayoob's (I know, some people can't stand
him and think he's full of bull, but I think that in general his material is
very valid and useful) book _The Semi Auto Pistol in Police Work_ (or something 
like that).  He defines a number of ways that semi-auto's are different, and that
"different is good".  The main advantage is not in increased firepower, but in 
more accurate followup shots when you go to single action mode.  There is also a
certain "propriatory nature" of each gun that takes some familiarity to 
learn.  This may have diminished with time as more criminals become familiar
with different models of semi-autos, but it was cited as stopping or at least
slowing down criminals who had grabbed a police officers gun.

|> 
|> Define "armed better". Go shoot a revolver and a semi-auto like the
|> Colt .45. Does one fires faster than the other? Nope. Aside from which
|> faster rate of fire is usually not desirable. Sure it makes the other
|> guys duck for cover, but just *YOU* trying hitting anything with a Thompson
|> in hose-mode. This is why the military is limiting it's M-16 now to
|> 3-round burst-fire. Simple semi-auto would be better, but the troops
|> like to be able to rock and roll even if it is wasteful of ammo (something
|> often in short supply when the enemy is plentiful).
|> 
|> A revolver is equally capable as a semi-auto in the same caliber.
|> 
|> - A revolver also has the advantage that if it misfires you just pull
|>   the trigger again.
|> - A double-action revolver (almost all of them) can be hand-cocked first,
|>   but will fire merely by pulling the trigger.

Yes, but this is best done with a two hand hold.  With a single hand you either
pull the gun far off target to cock, or must fire double action.  The DA semi
auto has the same advantages plus is always SA after the first shot.


|> - A misfire in a revolver merely means you must pull the trigger again
|>   to rotate to the next round.

I'm not sure if this is meant to be different from your first point.  In a DA
semi-auto you can pull the trigger again to try dropping the hammer on the same
round - an advantage you don't have in a revolver where the next trigger pull will
always go to the next round (discussing this point now).  This is fine with a dud
but what about a hangfire situation?  Granted it's very rare, but your round will
now go off confined in the cylinder with no place to go.  Slingshotting the slide
on a misfire takes very little time.


|> - A revolver can be carried with the 6th chamber empty and under the
|>   hammer for maximum safety, but still can be drawn and fired with an
|>   easy motion, even one handed.

Actually with modern revolver designs incorporating hammer blocks this is not
necessary or usually recommended.  A revolver would have to fall hard enough and
at the right angle to actually break the hammer and driver the firing pin into the
round to set it off.

|> - Speedloaders for a revolver allow reloads almost as fast as magazines
|>   on semi-autos. Can be faster depending on users.

The best speedloader users, especially those using the spring loaded speed
loaders are very fast.  A problem is that ejecting the spent cases is a two
handed job where dropping the expended magazine is one handed.  This means that
while you can be inserting a fresh magazine as soon as the old one clears the
gun, with a speed loader you have to go through more motions that will always 
take more time.  You also don't have the advantage of tactical reloads (replacing
a partial magazine to bring you back to full capacity - the partial magazine can
still be used if needed later).  

|> 
|> - A misfire in a semi-auto will require you to clear a jammed shell
|>   first, time spent which can be fatal. And a vital second or so is often
|>   lost as you realize "hey, it's jammed!" before starting to do anything
|>   about clearing it.

Yes, the time to recognize the problem is just as important as the time to clear
it.  Really though, in either a revolver or semi-auto the odds of an actual misfire
with factory ammo are awfully small.  You are more likely to get a jam in a semi-auto
but even these are exceptionally rare with modern quality guns (Sigs, Glocks, et.al.).


|> - Most semi-autos must have the slide worked to chamber the first round
|>   and cock the hammer. Some police carry their semi-autos with the 
|>   chamber loaded and hammer cocked, but a safety engaged. I do not consider
|>   this safe however. You must trade-off safety to get the same speed
|>   of employment as a revolver.

|> - There are some double-action semi-autos out there, but the complexity of
|>   operation of many of them requires more training.

All common semi-auto's can be carried with a round in their chamber without any
safety problems.  While I put that out as a statement that I believe, I should
say that this applies to all of the ones I've looked at.  For the DA semi's it's
no different from the revolver situation:  The guns all have hammer or firing
pin blocks.  They also have a safety.  Because there's no real advantage
carrying one of these cocked and locked you have the same safety and speed
of employment as a revolver, plus the advantage of SA followup shots.  I'm
not familiar with SA semi-autos except for the 1911-A1.  I admit that I was
initially skeptical about carrying this cocked and locked, but after examining
the design, trying to defeat the safeties (gun unloaded of course), and 
shooting it a lot, I see no inherent safety problems with it, especially in
a thumbreak holster with the strap under the hammer.  This design also gets
you more speed for an accurate first shot than a revolver.

|> 
|> Some police departments switched to Glocks, and then started quietly
|> switching many officers back to the old revolvers. Too many were having
|> accidents, partly due to the poor training they received. Not that Glocks
|> require rocket scientists, but some cops are baffled by something as complex
|> as the timer on a VCR.

Yeah, the infamous Glock.  I still can't figure out how it's worse than a revolver
for safety.  If you don't pull the trigger it doesn't go off.  I imagine that if all
your revolver shooting was done double action then you could pull the Glock trigger
far enough to fire before you realized it.  In addition, if you had developed that
nasty habit of keeping your finger on the trigger when holstering your gun and
relying on your thumb on the hammer to remind you to take it off before you blew
off your foot then you'd have problems when the hammer wasn't there.

|> 
|> Anyone who goes anyone saying that the criminals obviously outgun
|> the police don't know nothing about firearms. Turn off COPS and Hunter
|> and pay attention. I do not seek here to say "semi-autos are junk"
|> merely that assuming they are better for all jobs is stupid. A cop
|> with a revolver on his hip and a shotgun in the rack is more than
|> equipped for anything short of a riot.

I think this is even okay for a riot (as long as it's a small one B^)).

|> 
|> Gun control is hitting what you aim at. If you whip out a 
|> wonder-nine and fire real fast you may find you don't hit anything.
|> Good controlled fire from a revolver is more likely to get you a hit.
|> I own a 9mm Beretta myself but consider it inferior as a carry weapon
|> to something like the Ruger Security Six revolver. If I haven't hit
|> what I'm aiming at in the first 5 shots, something is quite seriously
|> wrong somewheres. While I might like having the backup capacity of those
|> extra shots in certain cases, overwhelmingly the # of shots fired in
|> criminal encounters is less than 5.

I have the poor man's Beretta (Taurus 99) and consider it inferior as a carry
weapon to the Springfield .45 (oops, 9mm vs. 45 arguments are relegated to
r.g).  You are right, though.  If you don't hit what you aim at then the
shooter/gun combination has failed.  I don't ascribe failures in the the
fire real fast with a wonder-nine scenario you mention to the gun.  This is
a shooter failure, whether through lack of discipline or lack of training.


|> 
|> What do crooks overwhelmingly use in crime? Why the same nice simple
|> .38 revolvers that the police often use. Well actually some police 
|> prefer the much heftier .357 Magnum, but anyway.....

9mm's are becoming more popular with crooks too, though the .38 does still
lead the list.  And like I said, around here semi-auto's seem the rule for the
street cop.  Don't know about the State Patrol however, they may still carry
the "Highway Patrolman".

|> 
|> ObPlea: Don't flame me, I prefer semi-autos for most things. But they 
|>         introduce unneccessary complications to something as nerve-wracking
|>         as an abrupt encounter with a lone criminal.

Vincent, please don't take any of this as a flame.  Just my $0.02 (whoops, looks more
like $2.00) worth.  And much of it is IMHO, but do check Ayoob's book.

|> 
|> -- 
|> "If everything had gone as planned, everything would have been perfect."
|> 	-BATF spokesperson on CNN 3/2/93, regarding failed raid attempt in TX.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54232
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Re: Non-lethal alternatives to handguns?


In article <Apr15.032620.75908@yuma.ACNS.ColoState.EDU>, holland@CS.ColoState.EDU (douglas craig holland) writes:
>
>What about guns with non-lethal bullets, like rubber or plastic bullets. Would
>those work very well in stopping an attack?

Ask the Brits.  Enough people have been killed by rubber bullets that they now
use them under only certain "controlled" circumstances.  And they are fired
from something that looks like a tear gas launcher.

There are smaller rubber bullets and pellets (for shotguns).  I understand that
they are only intended to be discouragers, ie. for the snapping but not truly
dangerous animal.  In general, they do not seem capable of really stopping
someone who wants you or past you.  They are fired at very low muzzle velocity
(the .38 ball round is intended for a 400fps load).  Finally, as your mother
warned you, you can put an eye out with that thing.  :-)
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54233
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Re: "High Power" Assault guns


High power assault gun?  Why, you must be talking about the 155mm Howitzer.

Or did you want to try a 16 incher?  Or one of the German railway guns?
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54234
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Don't knock the Glock (was Re: My Gun is like my Am Ex Card)


In article <93104.231049U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>, Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>In article <1qie2rINN1b9@cae.cad.gatech.edu>, vincent@cad.gatech.edu (Vincent
>Fox) says:
>>
>All your points are very well taken and things that I haven't considered as
>I am not really familiar enough with handguns.
>
>>Some police departments switched to Glocks, and then started quietly
>>switching many officers back to the old revolvers. Too many were having
>>accidents, partly due to the poor training they received. Not that Glocks
>>require rocket scientists, but some cops are baffled by something as complex
>>as the timer on a VCR.
>
>Hell, a Glock is the last thing that should be switched to.  The only thing
>that I know about a Glock is the lack of a real safety on it.  Sure there is
>that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety.

Ahem!!!  Hrumph!!!!  You have encurred the wrath of Glock owners.  We will beat
you with our hammers.  Oooops, don't have any  :-)

Seriously.  There is no difference in the safeties betweena Glock and any DA
revolver.  Intellectually, think of the Glock as a very high cap revolver. 
Ignoring stove pipes, misfeeds and all the other bonus exercises that
autoloaders give you, that is.

Every gun has its safe moment and its dangerous moment.  If you just learn how
to handle it, it becomes a lot less dangerous (to you).
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54235
From: gaucher@sam.cchem.berkeley.edu
Subject: Re: Newspapers censoring gun advertisements

In article <81930415084418/0005111312NA3EM@mcimail.com> 0005111312@mcimail.com (Peter Nesbitt) writes:

>Recently while looking around in Traders Sporting Goods store, a very well
>stocked firearms store, I discovered a printed document that was being 
>distributed by the good folks who work there.  Traders, BTW, is located in
>San Leandro, CA.
.
.
. 
>The newspapers have now decided to censor gun ads - which is why you no longer
>see the ads that Traders, San Leandro, has run for many years.
>
>These ads were run for the law-abiding honest citizens who own firearms for
>sporting use or self-protection.  They certainly have the right to do so, under
>the Second Amendment Right to Bear Arms.
 
Are you sure about this? I'm currently looking at a copy of last 
Thursday's SF Chronicle and there is the typical one column Traders
ad on page C7 in the Sports section. Not only that, but there is
a part in the middle which rather prominently says "WANTED: We pay
cash for assault rifles and pistols.". Granted, I haven't seen today's
paper yet. But I'd be surprised if there wasn't a Traders ad in it.
It's probably worth it to write to the Chronicle (and other papers)
anyway, because all their anti-gun editorials are disgusting.

By the way, let me put in a plug for Traders. I have shopped all
over the SF Bay Area and I have never seen another store with lower
prices. And their selection is amazing.

---------------------------------------------------------------------
Lee Gaucher                         |   My opinions.
gaucher@sam.cchem.berkeley.edu      |   No one else's.
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54236
From: dlb@fanny.wash.inmet.com (David Barton)
Subject: Re: "Proper gun control?" What is proper gun control? (was Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card)

 / iftccu:talk.politics.guns / hays@ssd.intel.com (Kirk Hays) /
   3:31 pm  Apr 13, 1993 / 

   >Some of the pro-gun posters in this group own no guns.  The dread
   >"Terminator", aka "The Rifleman", owned no firearms for several
   >years while posting in this group, as an example.  There are
   >others.

For what it is worth, I own no firearms of any sort.  As long-time
readers of this group know, I am dedicated to the RKBA.

This is not about toys.  It is about freedom.

					Dave Barton
					dlb@hudson.wash.inmet.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54237
From: VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Clinton wants National ID card, aka USSR-style "Internal Passport"

In article <1993Apr15.201756.29141@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU> andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:

>In article <1993Apr14.175931.66210@cc.usu.edu> slp9k@cc.usu.edu writes:
>>> (BTW - Which parts should be secure?  Criminal
>>> records, ie convictions, are typically considered public information,
>>> so should that info be secure?  Remember, the population includes
>>> parents checking prospective childcare worker.)
>
>>	Parent's checking a babysitter shouldn't need access to the information
>>stored in the card.
>
>Sure they do.  The prospective sitter may have a nasty habit of molesting
>kids three or four months into the job.  The references may not have
>known him long enough or may not have picked up on this yet.
>
>Remember, criminal conviction info is public, so if you're going to
>argue for an ID card, other people are going to have a strong argument
>that it disclose public info.

       As perhaps some insight into how this sort of thing works, the
local college newspaper had a big crusade to have the U.T. police
release crime stats.  (The school claimed that to do so would violate
federal education records privacy laws).  They swore up and down they
weren't interested in student discipline records, only for stats so people
could make an evaluation of how safe the campus was.

       It was barely a week after crime stats were released before the
Daily Beacon had an editorial calling for student disciplinary stats
to be released, because they complained certain segments of the campus
population were treated administratively rather than turned over to the
police and therefore the criminal states weren't accurate.

       What people say they want public today may not be what they
say tomorrow.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54238
From: tms@cs.umd.edu (Tom Swiss (not Swift, not Suiss, Swiss!))
Subject: Re: Clinton wants National ID card, aka USSR-style "Internal Passport"

slp9k@cc.usu.edu writes:
>
>	I just want to point out that while I am fully in support of privacy,
>it will be possible soon to have a completely secure ID card, useable in bank
>transactions, medical, etc etc.

     There is no such thing as "completely secure," especially when dealing
with High Technology. It's all a question of cost: what cost are you
willing to bear to protect your information vs. what rewards the "bad guys"
are going to get if they break it. The rewards of breaking such a single ID
system would be high indeed.

===============================================================================
Tom Swiss/tms@cs.umd.edu  |  "Born to die"   |   Keep your laws off my brain!
     "What's so funny 'bout peace, love and understanding?" - Nick Lowe 
     This .sig contains no animal products and was not tested on animals.
  "Time is just nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once."

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54239
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Boston Gun Buy Back

In article <8110356@hpfcso.FC.HP.COM> ron@hpfcso.FC.HP.COM (Ron Miller) writes:

>> From: urbin@interlan.interlan.com (Mark Urbin)
>> 
>> >RM:Just a short thought: 
>> >When you ask the question of the "authorities" or sponsors of buyback
>> >programs whether they will check for stolen weapons and they answer
>> >"no, it's total amnesty".
>
>>     Please note that the $50 given for each firearm, in the Boston `buy 
>> back' will not be in cash, but money orders.  How much `total amnesty" can 
>> you get if you leave paper trail behind?
>
>In the latest case in Denver, they were giving away tickets to a Denver
>Nuggets basketball game. 
>
>How traceable is a money order?  (I don't know. Haven't used one in 20 years)

       Money orders operate pretty much like checks, with both parties being
supposed to sign them.  I assume you'd have to show the buy-back people
an ID, and you'd then have a money order made out to that ID.  

       As far as traceable as a practical matter, I don't know, it would
depend on whether they bother to computerize who the recipient's name is
on the money order and bother keying that sort of thing in.  I'd say
certainly the police and the buyback people would keep a record of who
they gave money orders out to.

>Is that even an issue if the weapons aren't checked for being stolen?

       There might be some questions asked, I suppose, if somebody 
brought in a number of weapons each time over a series of "buy back"
programs.

        
------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54240
From: cmort@NCoast.ORG (Christopher Morton)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

As quoted from <C5J5IM.3C9@cbnewsc.cb.att.com> by rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat):

> 
> |	Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.
> |	It would not be economic to smuggle them in. All production
> |	would have to be local. There are not all that many people
> |	who have both the skill AND motivation to assemble worthwhile
> |	firearms from scratch. High-ranking crime figures could
> |	obtain imported Uzis and such, but the average person, and
> |	average thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun - and would
> |	pay through the nose for it. 
> 
> This is not borne out of reality; the old Soviet Union had a very
> serious domestic handgun and submachinegun trade, guns that were
> of commercial grade because they were produced in honest-to-goodness
> machineshops. Why would all production have to be local; don't we
> have a road system that is the envy of the world?
> 
If anybody wanted proof of the nonsense of the "you can't build guns" claim,
they need look no farther than the Philippines.  Amateur gunsmiths there
regularly produce everything from .45 automatics to full auto shotguns.  Now
if this guy wants to claim that the Philippines is either technologically
superior to the US or that their transportation is better than ours, all I
can say is that he's living in a fantasy world.

-- 
===================================================================
"You're like a bunch of over-educated, New York jewish ACLU lawyers
fighting to eliminate school prayer from the public schools in
Arkansas" - Holly Silva

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54241
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

In article <1993Apr14.184448.2331@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>	If alcohol were again banned today, it would be MUCH more
>	difficult to manage a large-scale smuggling operation. 
>	The cops now rank just a narrow notch below the military
>	in communications, intelligence gathering and firepower.

Proof by assertion!  I love it!  Uh, please explain why the smugglers
do not also rank a notch below (or above) the military in terms
of communications, intelligence gathering (e.g., why fight officials
when you can bribe them..."I'll give you a hundred grand to let that
semi past..."), and firepower. 

>	In a similar vein, the amount of marijuana smuggled into
>	this country has greatly decreased. This is because its
>	value-per-pound is very low when compared to cocaine or
>	heroin. It's simply not worth the risk, it's uneconomical.
>	Now, most reefer is domestic. There is less pressure on
>	the domestic producer (showy raids notwithstanding) and
>	thus it is economical. Of note though ... domestic reefer
>	is now very strong, so a small volume goes a long way.
>	You cannot make alcohol stronger than 200 proof - not a
>	good dollar/pound deal. 
>
What's the point here?  You're arguing that the black market
WORKS (which it does, of course).  

>	Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.

This is the wrong way to quantify things.  The smuggler would
be concerned about value/cubic foot.  Go to a gun show and
price out a crate of good quality handguns.  

>	It would not be economic to smuggle them in. All production
>	would have to be local. There are not all that many people

What's "local?"  

>	who have both the skill AND motivation to assemble worthwhile
>	firearms from scratch. High-ranking crime figures could

What is a worthwhile firearm?  Hell, anything that WORKS!  Go
get yourself a copy of the Army's 1969 Improvised Munitions Manual.
See how easy it is to make a functional firearm.

>	obtain imported Uzis and such, but the average person, and
>	average thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun - and would
>	pay through the nose for it. 

If paying $10 for inconspicuous parts at the local K-Mart is
"through the nose." 

Drew
--
betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54242
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <93104.231049U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>All your points are very well taken and things that I haven't considered as
>I am not really familiar enough with handguns.

That's not all that Kratz doesn't know.

>Hell, a Glock is the last thing that should be switched to.  The only thing
>that I know about a Glock is the lack of a real safety on it.  Sure there is
>that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety.

Now we know that Kratz doesn't understand what a safety is supposed to
do.  (He also confuses "things he can see" with "things that exist";
Glocks have multiple safeties even though only one is visible from the
outside.)

A safety is supposed to keep the gun from going off UNLESS that's
what the user wants.  With Glocks, one says "I want the gun to go
off" by pulling the trigger.  If the safeties it has make that work,
it has a "real" safety, no matter what Kratz thinks.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54243
From: sylvain@netcom.com (Nicholas Sylvain)
Subject: Re: "Proper gun control?" What is proper gun control? (was Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card)

In article <DLB.93Apr15130411@fanny.wash.inmet.com> dlb@fanny.wash.inmet.com (David Barton) writes:
>For what it is worth, I own no firearms of any sort.  As long-time
>readers of this group know, I am dedicated to the RKBA.

A long-time reader of t.p.g, I am also a staunch RKBA supporter, yet
I own no firearms.

>This is not about toys.  It is about freedom.

Amen, brother.

--
Nicholas Sylvain (sylvain@netcom.com) --- I am the NRA


-- 
Nicholas Sylvain (sylvain@netcom.com) --- I am the NRA

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54244
From: hays@ssd.intel.com (Kirk Hays)
Subject: Re: "Proper gun control?" What is proper gun control? (was Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card)

In article <15240077@iftccu.ca.boeing.com>, bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler) writes:
|> / iftccu:talk.politics.guns / hays@ssd.intel.com (Kirk Hays) /  3:31 pm  Apr 13, 1993 /
|> 
|> >Some of the pro-gun posters in this group own no guns.  The dread 
|> >"Terminator", aka "The Rifleman", owned no firearms for several years 
|> >while posting in this group, as an example.  There are others.
|> 
|> Good point, Kirk.
|> 
|> He's still around too.  He's responded by email to a couple of my posts, 
|> and gosh darn, he's gotten down right civil!  This happed about the time 
|> he got his first firearm.  Wonder if there is a relationship here?  Turns
|> out that MOST people (at least the ones who are not criminals to start
|> with) act responsibility once given the chance.

I'd like to point out that I was in error - "Terminator" began posting only 
six months before he purchased his first firearm, according to private email
from him.

I can't produce an archived posting of his earlier than January 1992,
and he purchased his first firearm in March 1992.

I guess it only seemed like years.

Back to your regularly scheduled flame fest.

-- 
Kirk Hays - NRA Life, seventh generation.
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to
do nothing."  -- Edmund Burke (1729-1797)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54245
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

As quoted from <1993Apr14.184448.2331@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> by jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu:
> 	Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.
> 	It would not be economic to smuggle them in.

That depends only on the profit of doing so.  The differences
in cost of production will determine local vs smuggle.

> 	would have to be local. There are not all that many people
> 	who have both the skill AND motivation to assemble worthwhile

Those of us who have actually made semi-autos (full-autos are easier)
are getting quite a giggle out of this.  I'd estimate that 5% of
the people at my high school couldn't do it.  (I was one of the
few who failed shop.)  People who have actually seen me do mechanical
work would probably say that 1% is more like it.

Starting with even 90% of the population, you can be sure that
"enough" people will be motivated.

> 	firearms from scratch. High-ranking crime figures could
> 	obtain imported Uzis and such, but the average person, and
> 	average thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun - and would
> 	pay through the nose for it. 

How much is "through the nose"?  After all, we know quite a bit
about how much a gun is worth to a criminal, so if that is dwarfed
by the price demanded by the "bad" part of that 90%....

The relevant economic analysis has been made.  The "profit" of
gun crime is high enough that the price required to push criminals
out of the market is high enough that everyone will be motivated.
That analysis ignored some "improvements" in the criminal gun
market that could make them even cheaper.  (They're not efficiently
used now, but a "loaner" set up would drive the value still higher
without affecting criminal use.)

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54246
From: meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers)
Subject: HR 1276 ("A gun law I can live with!" :-)


103D CONGRESS 
1ST SESSION 
  
                                  H. R. 1276 
  
To establish the right to obtain firearms for security, and to use firearms
    in defense of self, family, or home, and to provide for the enforcement
    of such right.
  
                           ======================= 
  
                       IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
  
                               March 10, 1993 
  
Mr. BARTLETT introduced the following bill; which was referred to the
    Committee on the Judiciary 
  
                           ======================= 
  
                                    A BILL 
  
To establish the right to obtain firearms for security, and
    to use firearms in defense of self, family, or home, and
    to provide for the enforcement of such right.
  
        Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
    tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
  
    SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.
  
        This Act may be cited as the "Citizens' Self-Defense
    Act of 1993". 
  
    SEC. 2. RIGHT TO OBTAIN FIREARMS FOR SECURITY, AND
        TO USE FIREARMS IN DEFENSE OF SELF,
        FAMILY, OR HOME; ENFORCEMENT.
  
        (a) ESTABLISHMENT OF RIGHT. -- A person not pro-
    hibited by Federal law from receiving a firearm shall have
    the right to obtain firearms for security, and to use fire-
    arms in defense of self, family, or home.
  
        (b) FIREARM DEFINED. -- As used in subsection (a),
    the term "firearm" means a --
  
            (1) shotgun (as defined in section 921(a)(5) of
        title 18, United States Code);

            (2) rifle (as defined in section 921(a)(7) of such
        title); or

            (3) handgun (as defined in section 10 of Public
        law 99-408).

        (c) ENFORCEMENT OF RIGHT. --

            (1) IN GENERAL. -- A person whose right under
        subsection (a) is violated in any manner may bring
        an action in any United States district court against
        the United States, any State, or any person for
        damages, injunctive relief, and such other relief as
        the court deems appropriate.

            (2) AUTHORITY TO AWARD A REASONABLE AT-
        TORNEY'S FEE. -- In an action brought under para-
        graph (1), the court, in its discretion, may allow the
        prevailing party, other than a State, a reasonable
        attorney's fee as part of the costs.

        (d) STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS. -- An action may not
    be brought under subsection (c)(1) after the 5-year period
    that begins with the date the violation described therein
    is discovered.

------------------------ (end of HR 1276) ------------------------


Well, this sounds good to me.  The key is Section (2)(c)(2), which
will effectively open up the Federal court system to all the folks
who can't afford to adopt an Attorney with whom to fight city hall.
All of you who've been saying "hey, isn't that illegal?" could just
go hire your own Attorneys on a pay-if-you-win ("contingency fee")
basis, and sue the bums ...   :-)

What you can do now:

(1)  Write your Representative, and ask them to co-sponsor HR 1276.

(2)  Write Representative Roscoe Bartlett, the sponsor --

        Representative Roscoe Bartlett
        312 Cannon House Office Building
        Washington, D.C. 20515

     -- to tell him who your own Representative is, and that you've
     asked them to join him as a co-sponsor of HR 1276.

(3)  Contact Gun Owners of America --

          Gun Owners of America
          8001 Forbes Place
          Springfield, Virginia 22151

     -- which has committed to lobby on behalf of HR 1276.

(4)  For those of us with a RealJob (TM), find out how to reach
     Representative Bartlett's campaign fund (I'm working on it)
     and toss in a few bucks.  You can bet your bippy that he's
     going to be one of the HCI "targets" in the next election,
     which isn't that far away (1994).

(5)  Tell your family, friends, gun club, etc.  Enjoy ...   :-)


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54247
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: Newspapers censoring gun advertisements

>NEWSPAPER AD CENSORSHIP
>
>The newspapers have now decided to censor gun ads - which is why you no longer
>see the ads that Traders, San Leandro, has run for many years.
>
>If you are tired of newspapers who run sex and liquor ads galor, yet refuse to
>run legitimate gun ads, please send a letter to the editors indicating your
>displeasure over their censorship doctrine.
>
>Following is a list of Bay area newspapers who censor gun ads.  Perhaps you'd
>like to send them your thoughts on this issue!
>
>Contra Costa Times	San Mateo Times		San Francisco Chronicle
>POB 5088		POB 5400		901 Mission St.
>Walnut Creek, CA 94596	San Mateo, CA 94402	San Francisco, CA 94103
>
>San Fran. Independent	San Fran. Examiner	San Jose Mercury News
>1201 Evans Ave		110 5th St.		750 Ridder Park Dr.
>San Fran., CA 94124	San Fran., CA 94103	San Jose, CA 95190

I have the April 15, 1993 issue of the SF Chronicle in my lap.  Page
E7 (in the "Sporting Green" section) has a Trader's advert.  (The
copy is a bit screwed up - it says that the prices offered expire
4-14-93, but the ad is there.)

The SF Examiner and Chronicle run the same set of adverts (because
they have a joint printing/biz agreement and differ only in editorial
content).

I've seen gun ads recently in the merc, which is anti-gun editorially,
albeit not from traders, but from its competitors.

I don't know about the other papers.

Does Traders claim that things are changing?  When?

>- Why TV journalists lie

Because it's easier than telling the truth and no one much cares
either way.

>Let me know if you write to any of these bozos.

Before you do, make sure that the bozos are actually doing what
you're accusing them of.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54248
From: pitargue@cisco.com (Marciano Pitargue)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks


In article <1qkcok$s9i@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>, ci946@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (John K. Gever) writes:
|> 
|> Do you Rambos who worry so much about rape and murder in the
|> wilderness also carry your guns all the time at home too?  You
|> should, since you're in a hell of a lot more danger there than
|> in the backcountry.

when does carrying a tool classify someone as a rambo.  so all the
pioneers that came west were rambo's?  adrienne!!!  :-)

|> 
|> Does anybody reading this group have an actual, honest-to-God
|> experience with violent crime in the backcountry to tell about?
|> 
|> I can sort of understand the people who want to protect themselves
|> from bears and such, although there are, what, maybe a dozen or
|> two bear attacks on people in North America each year?  But to
|> worry about being raped by some buck-toothed Bubba in overalls
|> is just irrational.  I think we'd all be a lot safer if all the
|> videocassettes of "Deliverance" were gathered up and burned.

would your tune change if you were one of the "dozen or two bear attacks"?
believe me, when you need a firearm, you NEED a firearm.

|> 
|> Public health experts will tell you that you are far more likely
|> have your gun stolen, use it yourself on a family member or
|> have it used on you than you are to use it on an actual criminal.

please cite your references.   i'll let others (please note followup)
cite valid references to show you that this is an untruth.

|> The Rambo warriors we've heard from here undoubtedly consider
|> themselves exempt from this statistical reality -- they're much
|> too smart and responsible.  Living in a city where there's a
|> drive-by shooting every couple of days, and working in a medical
|> center where a day doesn't go by without a shooting victim coming
|> into the ER, I'm just a bit skeptical about the value of gun
|> ownership.  I go to the backcountry to get away from this 
|> environment, and I don't want to find other people there who
|> insist on bringing the urban environment along with them -- boom
|> boxes, computers, or guns.

well, you might as well go naked.  forget the matches, backpack, sleeping
bag and all the rest that's is a modern convenience.  a firearm is just
a tool.  as some people won't carry gaiters, some people do.  firearms
should be in the same category.  it should be a personal choice.

and your factoid about shooting victims in the ER.  count how many come in
due to automobile accidents and automobile crimes.  maybe we should outlaw
cars.

|> 
|> Please post flaming responses to rec.guns.rabid  >:-(
|> - J. Gever, B'ham, Ala.

marciano pitargue@cisco.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54249
From: chrisb@natinst.com (Chris Bartz)
Subject: Re: HR 1276 ("A gun law I can live with!" :-)

In article <1993Apr15.171601.25930@dg-rtp.dg.com> meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers) writes:
>        (a) ESTABLISHMENT OF RIGHT. -- A person not pro-
>    hibited by Federal law from receiving a firearm shall have
>    the right to obtain firearms for security, and to use fire-
>    arms in defense of self, family, or home.


So, you have the right unless the Federal Government says you don't.
I don't think I like this very much.

This would be much better if it said "everyone except those who have
been striped of this right by due process of law" or some such thing.

Also, I don't care for the Federal Government stepping on states rights
regardless of which state right is being stepped on.  If the constitution
doesn't give the Feds some power then they have to just shut up about
it.

The only way the Feds should have anything to say is if the Constitution
prohibits localities from infringing on the RKBA.  In which case this
bill should just reiterate that the RKBA is guaranteed by the Constitution
and that the Feds will take appropriate action if it is infringed.


-- 
-- chris bartz (chrisb@natinst.com)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54250
From: earlw@apple.com (Earl Wallace)
Subject: Re: With Friends Like These -- L. Neil Smith


 >> Look, if you can figure out a reliable means of keeping guns away from
 >> bad people, while not interfering with good people, I think we'd all be
 >> for it.  The problem is, the methods we're using now don't do the trick.

   > Don't manufacture them.  Don't sell them.  Don't import them.
   >
   > Some guns will get through, but far fewer, and far less people will
   > die because of them.  Hunting weapons could be allowed, of course, as
   > long as they are big, and bulky, and require reloading after a few
   > shots (how many times can you shoot at the same animal, anyways One
   > assumes they are moving!)

A better solution:

  If the 'bad' people can't be trusted with guns, then lock them or knock
  them off.  Stop punishing good people.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54251
From: bixledn@eng.auburn.edu (David N. Bixler)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Car

In article 27322@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU, andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:
> In article <93104.231049U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
> >All your points are very well taken and things that I haven't considered as
> >I am not really familiar enough with handguns.
> 
> That's not all that Kratz doesn't know.
> 
> >Hell, a Glock is the last thing that should be switched to.  The only thing
> >that I know about a Glock is the lack of a real safety on it.  Sure there is
> >that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety.
> 
> Now we know that Kratz doesn't understand what a safety is supposed to
> do.  (He also confuses "things he can see" with "things that exist";
> Glocks have multiple safeties even though only one is visible from the
> outside.)
> 
> A safety is supposed to keep the gun from going off UNLESS that's
> what the user wants.  With Glocks, one says "I want the gun to go
> off" by pulling the trigger.  If the safeties it has make that work,
> it has a "real" safety, no matter what Kratz thinks.
> 
> -andy
> --


   I agree very much.  I have read almost every article written about
   the Glock, and IMO, it is probably the safest auto-loader made.  It
   has the best safty of all, Jeff Cooper's First Rule, "Keep your finger
   OFF the trigger until you want to shoot."  If everyone just observed
   this, there would be fewer "accidents".

   David N. Bixler
   Auburn University

   Standard Disclaimers apply.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54252
From: holland@CS.ColoState.EDU (douglas craig holland)
Subject: Re: Non-lethal alternatives to handguns?

In article <1993Apr15.150736.15793@mksol.dseg.ti.com> pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com writes:
>
>Ask the Brits.  Enough people have been killed by rubber bullets that they now
>use them under only certain "controlled" circumstances.  And they are fired
>from something that looks like a tear gas launcher.
>
>There are smaller rubber bullets and pellets (for shotguns).  I understand that
>they are only intended to be discouragers, ie. for the snapping but not truly
>dangerous animal.  In general, they do not seem capable of really stopping
>someone who wants you or past you.  They are fired at very low muzzle velocity
>(the .38 ball round is intended for a 400fps load).  Finally, as your mother
>warned you, you can put an eye out with that thing.  :-)
>--
	Oh, OK.  Just wondering.  I am not a real expert on weapons, I was just
wondering if they would do the job.

					Doug Holland


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54253
From: brians@atlastele.com (Brian Sheets)
Subject: Constitutionality of 18 U.S.C 922(o)

You know, I was reading 18 U.S.C. 922 and something just did not make 
sence and I was wondering if someone could help me out.

Say U.S.C. 922 :

(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), it shall be unlawful for
any person to transfer or possess a machinegun.

 Well I got to looking in my law dictionary and I found that a "person" 
might also be an artificial entity that is created by government 
and has no rights under the federal constitution. So, what I 
don't understand is how a statute like 922 can be enforced on 
an individual. So someone tell me how my government can tell
me what I can or cannot possess. Just passing a law 
does not make it LAW. Everyone knows that laws are constitional
until it goes to court. So, has it ever gone to court, not
just your run of the mill "Ok I had it I am guilty, put me in jail"

Has anyone ever claimed that they had a right to possess and was told
by the Supreme Court that they didn't have that right?



-- 
Brian Sheets		    _   /|  	"TRUCK?! What truck?"
Support Engineer  	    \`o_O'    	 
Atlas Telecom Inc. 	      ( ) 	   -Raiders of the Lost Ark
brians@atlastele.com           U

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54254
From: holland@CS.ColoState.EDU (douglas craig holland)
Subject: Cop kills teenager

	OK, here's something for all of those people who think cops are always
more responsible then the rest of the population.  I found this article in the
Rocky Mountain Collegian, Colorado State University's newspaper.

	SUSPENDED POLICE OFFICER ARRESTED IN REVENGE TRIPLE HOMICIDE

PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) -- A police officer afraid he would be fired for
allegedly assaulting a teen-ager walked into an auto body shop wher the youth
worked, said "You're going to die" and fatally shot him and two others, police
said.

A fourth youth was wounded.  A fifth escaped injury by hiding under a car.

The wounded youth ran about two blocks to a house after the shooting at about
midnight Tuesday and called police.  He was hospitalized in satisfactory
condition Wednesday.

Suspended police officer Robert Sabetta, 23, of Cranston, was arrested at
gunpoint over three hours after the shooting at Wilson's Auto Enterprises in
Foster, a rural town of about 4,000 people in northwest Rhode Island.

	Well, this just goes to show that cops are capable of snapping, just
like everyone else.  Now who was it who said only cops should have guns?

						Doug Holland


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54255
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In <93104.173826U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>What seems to be happening here is the situation getting totally blown out of
>proportion.  In my post I was referring to your regular patrolman in a car
>cruising around the city vs. gang members.  Of course the police have access
>to the things that you mentioned but do they use tanks and such all of the
>time?  Of course they don't and that's the point I was trying to make.  Every
>day when I go out to lunch I always see cops coming in.  The majority that I
>see are still carrying revolvers.

So?  Look in the trunk some time.  Heck - look at the dash.  That
funny thing attached with a quick-release is a gun.  The ones in the
trunk are "better".  (I don't have numbers for Chicago, but
Philadelphia police cars carried multiple automatic weapons and
thousands of rounds as standard issue in the 60s.)

>Not that there is anything wrong with a
>revolver but if you're a cop that is up against some gang member with a couple
>of automatics in his coat (I mean semi-auto handguns) you're going to be at a
>disadvantage even with training.

What is the nature of this disadvantage?  If the cop can shoot, 6
rounds will do the job against a single opponent (especially since the
cop has guaranteed backup).  If the "gang member" can shoot, the extra
rounds don't help.  The only time this difference can matter is if
neither can shoot, and cops aren't supposed to be throwing lead around
like that.

BTW - most cops carry multiple guns.  You're not supposed to know
about the second, third, and so on.

>I have been at a shooting range where
>gang members were "practicing" shooting.

How do "we" know that they were gang members and not undercover cops
or even law-abiding menacing minorities.  BTW - Why the sneer quotes?

They were actually practicing
>taking out their guns as quick as possible and shooting at the target
>and they weren't doing too badly either.

Then the extra rounds won't make any difference, so why is it an issue?

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54256
From: amirza@bronze.ucs.indiana.edu (Anmar Caves)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1993Apr15.184452.27322@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU> andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:
>In article <93104.231049U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>>All your points are very well taken and things that I haven't considered as
>>I am not really familiar enough with handguns.
>
>That's not all that Kratz doesn't know.
>
k

Guys, guys, (and gals), let's lay off Jason here.  Though he stepped
in it, he has been very good so far about admitting he doesn't know
what he's talking about, and even more stunning is that he seems
-- 
Anmar Mirza   # Chief of Tranquility  #My Opinions! NotIU's!#CIANSAKGBFBI
EMT-D         # Base, Lawrence Co. IN # Legalize Explosives!#ASSASINATEDEA
N9ISY (tech)  # Somewhere out on the  # Politicians prefer  #NAZIPLUTONIUM
Networks Tech.# Mirza Ranch.C'mon over# unarmed peasants.   #PRESIDENTFEMA

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54257
From: pngai@adobe.com (Phil Ngai)
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

In article <1qk3jm$9sh@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>I know a number of ex-HCI members who have recently become NRA members.
>I've never heard of a single one who has gone the other way.

I've been a member of the NRA for several years and recently "joined"
HCI.  I wanted to see what they were up to and paid the minimum ($15)
to get a membership. I also sent the NRA another $120.

-- 
	Would the founding fathers have approved of encryption so
strong that the government could not break it?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54258
From: bbs.billand@tsoft.net (Bill Anderson)
Subject: Handgun Restrictions

I would like to know what restrictions there are on purchasing handguns 
(ie waiting periods, background check etc..) in the states of Nevada and 
Oregon. Thanks.
                                                -Bill

--
Bill Anderson (bbs.billand@tsoft.net)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54259
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: Don't knock the Glock (was Re: My Gun is like my Am Ex Card)

In article <1993Apr15.152834.16638@mksol.dseg.ti.com>, pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com
(Dillon Pyron) says:
>>>Some police departments switched to Glocks, and then started quietly
>>>switching many officers back to the old revolvers. Too many were having
>>>accidents, partly due to the poor training they received. Not that Glocks
>>>require rocket scientists, but some cops are baffled by something as complex
>>>as the timer on a VCR.
>>
>>Hell, a Glock is the last thing that should be switched to.  The only thing
>>that I know about a Glock is the lack of a real safety on it.  Sure there is
>>that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety.
>
>Ahem!!!  Hrumph!!!!  You have encurred the wrath of Glock owners.  We will
>beat
>you with our hammers.  Oooops, don't have any  :-)
>
>Seriously.  There is no difference in the safeties betweena Glock and any DA
>revolver.  Intellectually, think of the Glock as a very high cap revolver.
>Ignoring stove pipes, misfeeds and all the other bonus exercises that
>autoloaders give you, that is.
>
>Every gun has its safe moment and its dangerous moment.  If you just learn how
>to handle it, it becomes a lot less dangerous (to you).
>--
>Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
>TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
>(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
>(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
>pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
>PADI DM-54909                     |
>

All very true.  I'm going on what I have read and heard from friends.
Basically the Glock is great but I have heard/read that it is a lot harder to
learn proper handling because of the type of safety that it has.  I was
looking at a Glock .40S&W and the S&W 4006 a couple of weeks ago and the
safties on the guns were very different.  The saftey on the 4006 seemed a lot
more "safe"  (for lack of a better word) than the one on the Glock.  Of course
this could also be a bad thing if you were to pull the gun on somebody.  You
would spend more time fiddling around turning the safety off.  Personally I
like the Glocks because they are very light and I think they look really cool
(guess that's why they use them in so many movies) but I wouldn't get one as
my first semi-auto because of the safety.  I would prefer more training with
a "traditional" semi-auto (ala Colt .45) but of course that's just my opinion.

Jason

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54260
From: Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card


I HATE long postings, but this turned out to be rather lengthy....


Overall Crime rate:
It fell....just like that...

Acquiring weapons in Norway:
You can buy (almost) all kinds of weapons in Norway, BUT you must have a 
permit, and a good reason to get the permit....
If I would like to have a handgun, i would have to get an gun-licence from 
the police and to be a member of a gun-club.
The police would check my criminal records for any SERIOUS crimes and/or
records of SERIOUS mental diseases.
Now, if a got my licence, I would have to be an active member of the gun
-club for 6 months BEFORE I could collect my gun.
It's a little like getting a drivers licence isn't it ???
You have to prove that you CAN drive before you are allowed to...

Use of guns in crimes (in Norway):
Some crimes are commited with guns that have been in the owners 'arms'
for a long time, but these are rather the exeption.
Most criminals accuire guns to use them in crimes, and mostly short 
time befor the crime.

Use of knives:
It IS allowed to cary knifes in public, but not in your belt or 'open'.
You (Americans) think it's ok to have a gun, but not to carry it open
in public -rigth ??

Scandinavians ARE 'aggressive':
We northeners are not as hot-livered as southeners, but when we decide
to take action we DO.
Ask ANY historian or millitary with an knowledge of europe....
(Or ask any German who served in Norway in WW2.....)

Individual vs masses:
Yes the individual is more important than the masses, but only to some
extent....
Your criminal laws are to protect the individuals who makes the masses ??
What happens when the rigths of some individuals affects the rights of 
all the others ??


The issue:
I believe the issue is GUNS, and gun-legislation.
We shouldn't mix weapons and items that can serve as one....
IF i lived in Amerika I would probably have a gun to defend myselfe in HOME.
But should it have to be like that ??
Do you think it's wise to sell guns like candy (some states do...) ??
If you believe it's smart/neccacery to have drivers-licence WHY do you think
it should be free to buy guns ??

Disclaim-her:
I'm not a pacifist or anti gun. 
I would defend my home, loved ones and country, but I don't view guns as
neccities or toys.
I HAVE done army service, and HAVE used a variaty of weapons, but wouldn't
want to have one for self defence or because they 'feel good'....







	This is not a .signature.
	It's marly a computergenerated text to waste bandwith
	and to bring down the evil Internet.


                        Thomas Parsli
                        thomasp@ifi.uio.no

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54261
From: awesley@vela.acs.oakland.edu (awesley)
Subject: Re: That silly outdated Bill (was Re: Koresh and Miranda)

scottj@magic.dml.georgetown.edu (John L. Scott) writes:


: The issue has never been whether tanks were used in Detroit in 1967.  It
: has been whether they fired their main guns.  

Never?  This is incorrect.  Either you don't read very well or resort
to falsehoods in an attempt to make a point.

At the risk of boring and belaboring the point, my claim was
the chain was regarding the tanks "last used in Detroit in 48".
The text follows.

:  You did not merely claim that
: tanks were used--you claimed that they fired their main guns to suppress
: sniper fire and that they were "quite" effective at this.  

Indeed, when Coffman claimed they were only used as APCs, I did say
I had been told they did fire their main guns.  
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^
: You continue to
: back away from this claim and defend something else that nobody is
: disputing.

Well, the poster who I responded to did dispute the use of tanks
post-48.  Rude of you to call Gary Coffman a nobody.  

: "Well, it's not the main gun."  Gee, that's only the entire point.  Are you
: now going to admit that you were wrong?

That was the entire point to *you*.  What exactly did I claim?
   --------------------------------------------------
  "I've heard eye-witness descriptions of tanks using their main guns
to respond to sniper fire.  Quite effectively."
   --------------------------------------------------

  I wasn't wrong . . . I've heard those descriptions.  If you're
paying attention, I've mentioned that I saw the tanks with my own
eyes, but the main gun firing was an account I heard.  That helps
people judge whether or not to kick in the, to use your words,
"bullshit filters".  Stating that I *claimed* this is a falsehood.

  What was it I claimed as fact?  Here's the entire post:
  --------------------------------------------------
>We haven't used tanks against the black ghettos since Detroit 1948. 

Correction.  I know they used tanks in Detroit 1968.  I saw em, it
was well covered in the news at that time.  Gordon Lightfoot mentions
it in his song "Black Day in July".
  --------------------------------------------------

  Since you don't dispute that and claim that nobody else does, that
means I was right.  

: I will never read of tanks firing their main guns in Detroit in the '67
: riots.  There is simply no way that such an event could have taken place
: without it being common knowledge even 26 years later.  The American
: military firing shells from tanks in American cities on blacks would have
: been *big* news.

   So one would suppose.  Some folks think in happened in 48.  

Awesley goes on:
  You can also read of the troops using grenade launchers.

: To fire fragmentary grenades?  I doubt that as well.  To fire concussion
: grenades?  Perhaps.  To fire tear gas?  Certainly.  But you would be
: perfectly willing to let us believe they fired frags, wouldn't you, since
: it makes your other claim seem more plausible.

John, again, strawman techniques.  Do you feel you're losing it so you
have to stretch what I said and knock that down?  What I read said
nothing about what they fired.  And so I put nothing in there.  If you
need some help, let me know and I'l take your side of this for a
while.  You're not scoring here, you're boring here. 

: If tanks had fired their main guns in Detroit, people would have been
: screaming about it for the past two and half decades.  I would know about
: it. 

   Glad to know you're such an expert.  Nice to hear some an
authority.  I especially appreciate your basis of knowledge -- if it
had happened, you would have know it.  Since you are such an
authority, you probably know that people did scream about an alleged
massive cover-up in the number of people killed in the Detroit riot.
Some claimed 100+ dead, others said 300.  The offical number is 43 but
the Concise Columbia Encyclopedia says it was "several".  I've also
heard some things about that but I won't dare repeat them.  You'd
assert that I claimed they were truth.

: Unless you also claim that the National Guard managed to cover it up. 

   Taking the tour after the riots, it was pretty easy to tell the 
difference between Army and Guard troops.  Or so I recall from 26 
years ago.  And I seem to recall it was the Army running the tanks.
So it would have been an Army cover-up.

   Another part of my memories was that while most damaged building
were burnt, some were in rubble.  Based on what I remember, I was and
am inclined to believe an old sarge or two.

: If your mind is open enough to believe that, well, good for you.  I prefer
: to live in reality.   And here in reality, I find it hard to believe that
: those tanks even had any shells, much less fired them.

   Given the level in destruction in Detroit, I'm quite willing to believe
that they did fire their guns.

   Now then, we've bored the shit out of anyone whose bothered to read
this far and all you've managed to say is that you don't believe the
account I cited.

: --John L. Scott

                                  -- wes

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54262
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1993Apr15.184452.27322@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>,
andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:
>
>In article <93104.231049U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz                     >
><U28037@uicvm.uic.edu
>>All your points are very well taken and things that I haven't considered as
>>I am not really familiar enough with handguns.
>
>That's not all that Kratz doesn't know.
>
>>Hell, a Glock is the last thing that should be switched to.  The only thing
>>that I know about a Glock is the lack of a real safety on it.  Sure there is
>>that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety.
>
>Now we know that Kratz doesn't understand what a safety is supposed to
>do.  (He also confuses "things he can see" with "things that exist";
>Glocks have multiple safeties even though only one is visible from the
>outside.)
>
Excuse me but I do know what I safety is supposed to do.  It's basic purpose -
not to let the gun fire until you're ready.  Christ, I've known that since I
had my first Crosman air gun.  You don't know me so don't make assumptions
about what I know and don't know.  I do know that the Glock has multiple
safties from reports, looking at them at a gun shop, and friends who own one.

>A safety is supposed to keep the gun from going off UNLESS that's
>what the user wants.  With Glocks, one says "I want the gun to go
>off" by pulling the trigger.  If the safeties it has make that work,
>it has a "real" safety, no matter what Kratz thinks.
>
>-andy
>--
From the things I have read/heard Glocks are always knocked because of the
trigger safety.  They are supposedly harder to learn to use properly.  Every
article that I have read can't be wrong about the damn thing.  And don't ask
me to quote my sources because I don't keep a ton of gun magazines and/or
rec.guns articles laying around.  Boy, you can't make a simple statement on
here without someone getting right on your ass.  No wonder why there are so
many problems in the world.  Everyone takes everything just a little too
seriously.  By the way,  I'm not going to reply to any of this stuff anymore as
someone made the good point that this discussion is getting too close to r.g
(And yes I know that I had something to do with that).

Jason

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54263
From: paull@hplabsz.hpl.hp.com (Robert Paull)
Subject: Re: Newspapers censoring gun advertisements

Andy Freeman (andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU) wrote:
: >NEWSPAPER AD CENSORSHIP
: >
: >San Fran. Independent	San Fran. Examiner	San Jose Mercury News
: >1201 Evans Ave		110 5th St.		750 Ridder Park Dr.
: >San Fran., CA 94124	San Fran., CA 94103	San Jose, CA 95190
: 
Hmmm, the SJ Merc. carries Targemasters West, National Shooting club,
 Reeds sportshop, Sportsmens supply and Big 5 ads. They all sell guns.
No they don't have any adds like in Shotgun news.  If they won't at least
run the current adds I swear I'll cancel my subscription and end to cash
to the CRPA.

Rob P.




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54264
From: syck5280@miller.cs.uwm.edu (Steven B Syck)
Subject: Re: Don't knock the Glock (was Re: My Gun is like my Am Ex Card)

In article <93105.164406U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>
>All very true.  I'm going on what I have read and heard from friends.
>Basically the Glock is great but I have heard/read that it is a lot harder to
>learn proper handling because of the type of safety that it has.  I was
>looking at a Glock .40S&W and the S&W 4006 a couple of weeks ago and the
>safties on the guns were very different.  The saftey on the 4006 seemed a lot
>more "safe"  (for lack of a better word) than the one on the Glock.  Of course
>this could also be a bad thing if you were to pull the gun on somebody.  You
>would spend more time fiddling around turning the safety off.  Personally I
>like the Glocks because they are very light and I think they look really cool
>(guess that's why they use them in so many movies) but I wouldn't get one as
>my first semi-auto because of the safety.  I would prefer more training with
>a "traditional" semi-auto (ala Colt .45) but of course that's just my opinion.
>
>Jason

	At the risk of starting the 'my gun is better than yours' flame
war, I must disagree.
	
	There is no secret in handling a Glock.  In fact, it is often
chosen (besides its other merits) because it shoots like a revolver does
basically.  It can limit the training time (read budget $$$) due to the
fact there are no 'external' safties other than the trigger, hence less
training time required. 

	Smith & Wesson (among other types) are chosen due to the fact taht
they do have the external safties (hammer drop,as well as mag drop) which
if properly used have saved many lives when 'Mr. Bad' snatched the gun
from the officer and tried to shoot said officer the gun was on safe and
would not fire.  This point had been made in many articles in various 
gun magazines.  If fact, one author (can't remember who) staged a little
test where he had a revolver and a S&W on safe laying on a table and asked
people with little firearms experience to on his signal, grab the gun and
shoot a target.  He timed the people using each gun.  The revolver times
were pretty close, but some of the times with the S&W were in minutes, or
the person just gave up because they could not figure out the saftey.

	You don't often see Colt 45 autos issued due to the light trigger
which can be accidentally fired in a stress situation, opening the issuing
city,county, etc.. to lawsuits, bad press, etc..

	Of course any problem can be overcome with enough training, but
such training is not always available to budget crunched departments.  I
know if I were a Cop I would want something like a S&W just for the off
chance of the gun getting taken away.  The safety doesn't guarantee that
'Mr. Bad' won't figure it out and shoot me, but it could buy enough time
to draw a second gun and shoot 'Mr. Bad' before it's too late.

	Don't think I am too biassed here just because I have had 3 Glocks
in my possession at one time, because I have had a .45 as well.  In fact,
it was my first handgun.  Remember, the ultimate 'safety' is YOU the
operator, and no safety is going to stop an negligent discharge (note I
don't say accidental) if you break the rules of gun handling.

	As per the part of being light weight and looking cool, I agree
100%.  I wouldn't rule it out as a first purchase.  

-Just my $.02 + tax
-------   Steve Syck        syck5280@miller.cs.uwm.edu        --------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54265
From: brant@seq.uncwil.edu (AT-Dreamer)
Subject: Re: Insane Gun-toting Wackos Unite!!!

Anyone who worries about his own gun should not have one.  If you carry
any pistol with a empty chamber and safety the chances of it going off
are about zero.  Unless you sit it on top of a lite stove for a couple
of minutes or put it in a fire. :-)     

-- 
+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| "What doesn't kill us makes us stronger"  Spoken by many A.T. hikers         |
|  Kilo Delta Four Zulu Papa Uniform -KD4ZPU 146.82                
+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54266
From: earlw@apple.com (Earl Wallace)
Subject: Re: "Proper gun control?" What is proper gun control?

In article <C5JAtz.5G4@cbnewsc.cb.att.com> rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat) writes:
>...
>Let's prohibit arms carrying by police when off-duty. Or, if they make
>the assertion that "Well, I need to maintain my gun" let's make it
>regulation that they can carry an UNLOADED firearm home, that it's
>only fair that they be just as helpless as poor schmuck coming home
>from his computer operator job...
>
>NRA Director/ex-San Jose cop Leroy Pyle states in the latest SWAT
>magazine that anti-cops better watch out for this schism between
>RKBA folks and the police. He asks the rhetorical question of 'What
>if what's left of the gun lobby starts demanding the disarmament
>of the police?"
>
>Well, I guess anti-gun cops who think only they should be armed,
>along with the wealthy and politically connected, should be made
>to realize that screwing can cut in ways they have yet to imagine.
>...

We all know this will never happen.  Because the Police are under the wings
of Government, they will always be considered more important than Citizens.

Government pens, pencils and paper are considered more important than
Citizens.

I think we have a problem with our Government.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54267
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <CMM.0.90.2.734911642.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no> Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
>Overall Crime rate:
>It fell....just like that...

       Two questions:  When was this, and do you have the relevant
numbers.  (Please note, this is *not* in any way an indication I don't
believe you or that you're not correct, but when the drop occured is
relevant.)
   
>Acquiring weapons in Norway:
>You can buy (almost) all kinds of weapons in Norway, BUT you must have a 
>permit, and a good reason to get the permit....
>If I would like to have a handgun, i would have to get an gun-licence from 
>the police and to be a member of a gun-club.

       The primary objection (beyond ones based on the ideal of
RKBA that it is simply not something the government should do) is
that it makes guns a play-thing and tool of the rich and connected.
It discriminates against the poor.

       Is self-defense considered appropriate, and if so, under what
conditions?  (Are you allowed, for instance to get a gun for protection
if you're going to be carrying a very large sum of money on a regular
basis or have been threatened.)

>The police would check my criminal records for any SERIOUS crimes and/or
>records of SERIOUS mental diseases.

       This has been suggested in the U.S., and generally supported among
gun owners.  What many object to is that many, if not most, proposals
contain a sort of "gotcha" clause which allows an arbitrary denial, even
if you qualify in every way.

>Now, if a got my licence, I would have to be an active member of the gun
>-club for 6 months BEFORE I could collect my gun.
>It's a little like getting a drivers licence isn't it ???
>You have to prove that you CAN drive before you are allowed to...

       At this point, it should be pointed out that in general
a driver's licence in the U.S. is for the most part nothing like its
European counterpart.  I understand getting one is far more difficult
there than here.  In the U.S. it's a joke. 

       But my usual objection is that you're discussing two different
things.  For instance, in the U.S. a driver's license is a permit
to operate a motor vehicle on a public road.  It is not necessary
to own one, or to operate it on private property.  That is, the
ability to require driving permits is generally considered to arise
from the government's legitimate power to enact reasonable regulations
for behavior on public lands.  A permit to own an automobile, for instance,
which is far closer an analogy, would be a much harder thing to get
past legally, since it wouldn't be based on making regulations on public
property, but in restricting activity on private property.              

>Use of guns in crimes (in Norway):
>Some crimes are commited with guns that have been in the owners 'arms'
>for a long time, but these are rather the exeption.
>Most criminals accuire guns to use them in crimes, and mostly short 
>time befor the crime.
>
>Use of knives:
>It IS allowed to cary knifes in public, but not in your belt or 'open'.
>You (Americans) think it's ok to have a gun, but not to carry it open
>in public -rigth ??

        This varies *widely*.  (One thing I think Europeans have
a difficult time with is that the U.S. has fifty unique jurisdictions,
where the laws from one state to another can be as radically different
as from one country in Europe to another).

        Some places allow open carry of both guns and knives.  Some allow
concealed.  Some prohibit both, or allow one or the other.  And it can
be either a state or local restriciton.       

>Individual vs masses:
>Yes the individual is more important than the masses, but only to some
>extent....
>Your criminal laws are to protect the individuals who makes the masses ??
>What happens when the rigths of some individuals affects the rights of 
>all the others ??

       The question must be asked:  Is the right of *this* individual
affecting the rights of this *other* individual.  What we usually
get is that the rights of this *group* (meaning some individuals within
this group, here defined as "people who own guns,") are adversely affecting 
the rights of some other group.  

       If for instance, "Bob" were using his gun to attack "Steve," you'd
have a point.  But essentially what we're discussing is that becuase
some person who qualifies as a member of the group "people who own
guns" then some third person, perhaps in another *time zone* is told
that their being a member of that group is taking away somebody else's
rights.  It's like trying to punish all newspapers for the libel commited
by one.

>The issue:
>I believe the issue is GUNS, and gun-legislation.

       The issue is crime, violence, and murder.  The question is to
what extent guns and gun legislation impact those.

>We shouldn't mix weapons and items that can serve as one....
>IF i lived in Amerika I would probably have a gun to defend myselfe in HOME.
>But should it have to be like that ??

       Of course not.  It would be nice if we didn't have to fear that
other people might get it into their twisted little minds to hurt us.
But currently we don't have that option.  Nor do I expect we will.

>Do you think it's wise to sell guns like candy (some states do...) ??

       No state does.  In any case, there's a limit to which the state
may enforce it's "wisdom" on me.  Freedom in general is an unwise
concept.  If you pre-emptively restrict everything which might be
"unwise" then freedom becomes a meaningless concept.
   
>If you believe it's smart/neccacery to have drivers-licence WHY do you think
>it should be free to buy guns ??

       I'll raise my hand against driver's licenses.  As currently
implemented they're a waste of time and little more than revanue
generation for the State and ignored by a startling number of
drivers.  It does not guarantee a level of skill any higher than is
necessary to get your car on the road and get yourself or somebody
else killed, or a knowledge of traffic laws beyond what any ten year
old will have picked up riding around in his parents car.

       But, as I mentioned, they're two different things.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54268
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: HR 1276 ("A gun law I can live with!" :-)

In article <1993Apr15.171601.25930@dg-rtp.dg.com>, meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers) writes:

>                                     A BILL 
>   
> To establish the right to obtain firearms for security, and
>     to use firearms in defense of self, family, or home, and
>     to provide for the enforcement of such right.

Maybe I'm too "religious," but when I see a bill to "establish a right,"
I wince.  Keep in mind, what the law giveth, the law can taketh away.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54269
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Constitutionality of 18 U.S.C 922(o)

In article <1993Apr15.142322.1318@atlastele.com>, brians@atlastele.com (Brian Sheets) writes:
> You know, I was reading 18 U.S.C. 922 and something just did not make 
> sence and I was wondering if someone could help me out.
> 
> Say U.S.C. 922 :
> 
> (1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), it shall be unlawful for
> any person to transfer or possess a machinegun.
> 
>  Well I got to looking in my law dictionary and I found that a "person" 
> might also be an artificial entity that is created by government 
  ^^^^^
> and has no rights under the federal constitution. So, what I 
> don't understand is how a statute like 922 can be enforced on 
> an individual. So someone tell me how my government can tell
> me what I can or cannot possess. Just passing a law 
                                   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> does not make it LAW. 
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Sorry, but I really can't figure out what you're trying to say, above.

> Everyone knows that laws are constitional
> until it goes to court.

Not exactly:

"An unconstitutional act is not law; it confers no rights; it imposes
 no duties; affords no protection; it creates no office; it is in legal
 contemplation, as inoperative as though it had never been passed."
 Norton vs. Shelby County, 118 US 425 p.442

"The general rule is that an unconstitutional statute, though having the
 form and name of law, is in reality no law, but is wholly void, and
 ineffective for any purpose; since unconstitutionality dates from the
 time of it's enactment, and not merely from the date of the decision so
 branding it."

"No on is bound to obey an uncontitutional law, and no courts are
 bound to enforce it."
 16 Am Jur 2d, Sec 177
      late 2d, Sec 256

> So, has it ever gone to court, not
> just your run of the mill "Ok I had it I am guilty, put me in jail"
> Has anyone ever claimed that they had a right to possess and was told
> by the Supreme Court that they didn't have that right?

Automatic weapons?  No.  The Supreme Court has never heard such a case.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54270
From: vojak@icebucket.stortek.com (Bill Vojak)
Subject: ACLU policies

ACLU Official Policies.

Policy 18, for example, opposes rating systems for motion
pictures: "Industry sponsored ratings systems create the
potential for constraining the creative process and thus
contracting the marketplace of ideas. Despite the stated goal of
providing guidance to parents, experience has shown that ratings
inevitably have serious chilling effects on freedom of
expression."

In regards to the Pledge of Allegiance, the ACLU states in its
Policy 84: "The insertion of the words `under God' into the
Pledge of Allegiance is a violation of the constitutional
principle of separation of Church and State."

Policy 120 states that, "Military conscription under any
circumstances is a violation of civil liberties and
constitutional guarantees." The ACLU objects to the draft even
during wartime because of the "anti-democratic power it gives
government to wage war without support of the people."

Policy 125 states, "The ACLU calls for a broad-based inquiry into
war crimes within the widest possible definition of war crimes
against humanity, and crimes against the peace, focusing upon the
actions of the United States military and other combatants
against the people of South Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, and North
Vietnam."

Policy 133 states, "The ACLU recognizes that US government
reliance upon nuclear weaponry as a dominant element of foreign
and domestic policy, while propounded as a defense of democracy,
is in fact a great threat to civil liberties. Four decades of
adherence to this policy has fundamentally altered the nature of
our constitutional democratic process and poses a paramount
threat to our civil liberties."

Policy 217 objects to roadblocks "where drivers are stopped for
sobriety tests" because they "violate Fourth Amendment
principles." 

Policy 242 states the following on criminal
sentencing: "The most appropriate correctional approach is
reintegrating the offender into the community, and the goals of
reintegration are furthered much more readily by working with the
offender within the community than by incarceration. Probation
should be authorized by the legislature in every case; exceptions
to the principle are not favored, and any exceptions, if made,
should be limited to the most serious of offenses, such as murder
or treason."

                                Bill Vojak
                                vojak@icebucket.stortek.com
				NRA, ILA,
                                Colorado Firearms Coalition
------------------------------------------------------------
The CBS Nightly Propaganda With Dan Rather. (RATHER NOT!)
The CBS Nightly Propaganda With Dan Rather. (RATHER BIASED!)
------------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54271
From: vojak@icebucket.stortek.com (Bill Vojak)
Subject: UPI News Release


  UPI Washington DC, Update Desk			4/15/93

  For the past several months the Clinton administration has been
  stymied by mixed signals coming from the economy.  While most
  leading indicators has shown an apparent improvement in the 
  economy, there has been no corresponding improvement in the area
  of jobs creation.

  The unemployment figures seem stalled at the 7% mark.  last month,
  in an effort to understand this problem, President Clinton appointed
  a blue ribbon panel to try to resolve the apparent conflicting
  economic signals.  This panel was chaired by Vice President Gore.

  Today the panel released their results, providing a shocking conclusion.
  "It's the guns" Vice President Gore said.  Apparently NRA members, and other
  "gun-nuts" are purchasing firearms at in record numbers, pulling the
  economy out of the recession.  "Their buying them five times faster than
  ever before, and stockpiling left and right", the Vice President said.  

  However, since many domestic firearm and ammunition manufacturers have
  been experiencing hard times during the past few years, including several
  declarations of bankruptcy by many leading American gun makers, they have
  not rushed to increase hiring to meet the new demand.

  "We want to see if this run will continue before hiring more people", said
  the President of Colt industries.  "As long as Clinton is in office, we
  suspect it will", he added.

  In response to this new information, President Clinton announced a new
  Gun Control measure to be introduced into Congress this session.  It's 
  called the "Ban-One-A-Month" Gun Control Bill.  Under the terms of this law,
  every make and model of all firearms will be written on individual index 
  cards.  The cards will all be put in a big hat and the President will draw
  one card every month.  Sixty days later that gun will be banned from any
  further manufacture/importation or sale in this country, except to the
  politically connected and to members of the National Police Force.

  The President said, "This law will benefit America two ways.  When the
  Gun-Of-The-Month is announced every thirty days, the gun-nuts will run
  out and buy thousands of them, boosting the economy even more.  In addition,
  over the long run, we will get all of these icky-evil guns off of the
  street."  He also announce the appointment of Sarah Brady to oversee
  this program, citing her "Honesty, and unbiased view on the subject
  of gun control".

  Senators Metzenbaum, DeConcini, Feinstein, and Boxer have proposed an
  amendment to the Bill which would add additional index cards containing
  caliber designations for all know ammunitions.  "Their stockpiling,
  stockpiling, stockpiling" screamed Metzenbaum during a press conference
  at the national Headquarters of Handgun Control Inc.

  Senators Simon, Metzenbaum, and Moyenhan also introduced an amendment
  that would make all guns illegal to possess once the last card has been
  drawn from the hat.  Senator Simon was quoted as saying, "First we'll
  fuck em, then we'll kick em out of bed in the morning", during a press
  conference he held in the second floor Mens Restroom of the Senate
  building.  He of course was referring to the fact that he would allow
  the people to purchase the guns to help the economy, but would require
  the BATF to seize all of the guns in America sometime in the year 2008,
  after all of the cards have been drawn.

  The head of the BATF responded by saying, "We will have to see if this
  thing in Waco is over by then.  We may be too busy to seize all those
  guns".

  US House Representatives Pat Schroeder and David Skaggs of Colorado
  declared this proposed law as being "reasonable gun control which won't
  affect anybodys Constitutional right to own sporting guns".

  - end article -

  For the humor impaired :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-) 

                                Bill Vojak
                                vojak@icebucket.stortek.com
				NRA, ILA,
                                Colorado Firearms Coalition
------------------------------------------------------------
The CBS Nightly Propaganda With Dan Rather. (RATHER NOT!)
The CBS Nightly Propaganda With Dan Rather. (RATHER BIASED!)
------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54272
From: arf@genesis.MCS.COM (Jack Schmidling)
Subject: Re: Gritz/JBS/Liberty Lobby/LaRouche/Christic Insitute/Libertarian/....

In article <1qanj0$22d@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> cj195@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (John W. Redelfs) writes:
>How many are aware that the Gun Control Act of 1968 is a verbatim translation
>of a Nazi gun control law passed shortly before the Holocaust?
>
>For those of you who think I'm being paranoid in asking these questions,
>pray that you are right.  Unchecked democracies usually end in
>dictatorship.  Remember, Germany was a democracy when Hitler rose to power. 
>Can we be absolutely certain nothing like that could happen today? 

I can't speak for the organizations you cited but everywhere you look in
our society and government, one can see the relentless movement toward
one world government.  The fact that the media demeans such charished 
values as patriotism, nationalism and protectionism are some of the
clues.  The fact that we are sapping the economic strength of americans
to prop up a former and possibly future enemy is just another.  The fact
the words like community of nations, global village and international
business are in vogue are others.  International corporations are 
destroying our identy and economy and the propaganda they are playing
through the media and government is over powering our ability to resist.
Our porous border both people and trade are an indiciation that we have
already lost a great deal of sovergnty.

The bottome line is that the single most evil aspect of One World
Government is that you have nowhere to run to and history has proven
that would be a disaster.  

Beware the LIBERAL and the conservative and the moderate.  Think for yourself


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54273
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <CMM.0.90.2.734911642.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no>, Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:

> If I would like to have a handgun, i would have to get an gun-licence from 
> the police and to be a member of a gun-club.
> The police would check my criminal records for any SERIOUS crimes and/or
> records of SERIOUS mental diseases.
> Now, if a got my licence, I would have to be an active member of the gun
> -club for 6 months BEFORE I could collect my gun.

So, like, what do you do during those six months to be "active?"
My town has a similar requirement, and it's rather stupid.  Before
you can buy a handgun, you have to be an active member of a gun club.
Well, how active can you be without a gun, chief?

Most gun owners feel a check of criminal records for crimes and mental
disorders would be a very good thing -- IF it couldn't be abused by the
government.  But every time this is proposed, there is always some
trapdoor by which the government can deny your purchase EVEN IF you
are perfectly qualified to own a gun.  And we oppose this.

> It's a little like getting a drivers licence isn't it ???
> You have to prove that you CAN drive before you are allowed to...

Since the fatal accident rate for licensed automobile drivers in the US 
is around 50 times the fatal accident rate of largely unlicensed gun
owners, I'd think twice before using this analogy.

Besides, the problem is criminal use of guns, not accidents.  (There
are about 500,000 criminal uses of guns in the US every year -- but
only 1,400 accidents.)  I don't think it's necessary to spend a lot
of energy making sure a criminal CAN shoot a gun before he gets one.

Just like the check, most gun owners feel positively about requiring
safety courses -- IF they couldn't be abused by the government.  But 
they already have!  One state doesn't hold the courses, another doesn't 
fund them, a third holds them only once a year with limited attendence 
to those with political connections.  Is this fair?

> Most criminals accuire guns to use them in crimes, and mostly short 
> time befor the crime.

And how many of them acquire these guns from legal retail outlets?
How many are borrowed, stolen, smuggled, bought on the black market?

> Use of knives:
> It IS allowed to cary knifes in public, but not in your belt or 'open'.
> You (Americans) think it's ok to have a gun, but not to carry it open
> in public -rigth ??

Some states allow ONLY open carry.  Some allow ONLY concealed carry.
Some allow both.  Some allow both, but require licenses for concealed 
carry.  All you can say is if one of these modes has a clear advantage
over another in terms of reducing crime or any other public good,
then state legislators SOMEPLACE are doing exactly the wrong thing.
Which means that they really don't have any objective reasons for 
these laws other than their preferences -- a bad way to govern.

> Scandinavians ARE 'aggressive':
> We northeners are not as hot-livered as southeners, but when we decide
> to take action we DO.

("Hot-livered."  I LOVE that expression.  Here, we say "hot-headed.")

> Individual vs masses:
> Yes the individual is more important than the masses, but only to some
> extent....
> Your criminal laws are to protect the individuals who makes the masses ??
> What happens when the rigths of some individuals affects the rights of 
> all the others ??

Typically, the only criminals who can affect the rights of ALL the other
people are criminals in government offices.  The rest of our criminals
affect the rights of only one or a few people at a time, and they do this
during the commission of a crime.  POSSESSION of a gun by someone hurts
NO ONE else.  It is when they do something violent with that gun that
the crime occurs.  Of course, it is a crime for a felon or ex-felon to
possess a gun, but we don't feel it is right to treat common citizens
who have lived good lives as if they were just "pre-felons" waiting to
commit crimes.

> We shouldn't mix weapons and items that can serve as one....

I don't understand this sentence.

> IF i lived in Amerika I would probably have a gun to defend myselfe in HOME.
> But should it have to be like that ??

Life isn't fair.  I shouldn't need a fire extinguisher either, or
flood and theft insurance, or to lock the doors of my house and car.
But pining for a better world won't do anything to address what I have
to do to live in this one.

> Do you think it's wise to sell guns like candy (some states do...) ??

None of ours, I'm sure.

> If you believe it's smart/neccacery to have drivers-licence WHY do you think
> it should be free to buy guns ??

Frankly, I'm not sure I know what good a driver's license does anyone,
either.  The people who drive safely never use it, and the people who 
drive drunk, drive without it!

However, a car is a good tool, but not one that protects my right to life.
I rank the right to life somewhere north of the right to travel freely.

> I'm not a pacifist or anti gun. 
> I would defend my home, loved ones and country, but I don't view guns as
> neccities or toys.
> I HAVE done army service, and HAVE used a variaty of weapons, but wouldn't
> want to have one for self defence or because they 'feel good'....

The question is not whether or not you want to own guns personally.  It's
whether or not you think that ALL people should be forced to do as you do.
I don't have any problem with someone who says they would never own a gun.
I do have a problem with someone who says I should be prevented from owning
one, too.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54274
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: [long]: Gun Hearings Day in Massachusetts (April 7)

[This is a co-authored report from two of us who were there.]

Gun Owners Action League, our state rifle association, started the day
with a rally in the secluded courtyard behind the statehouse at 9:30.
It was looking sparse (about 40 people) until the speaker began,
whereupon about 120 more people followed the loudspeakers from
wherever they had been lost, and filled out the area something proud.

Mike Yacino of GOAL spoke.  One of his best throwaway lines was to
remind us that all of us holders of carry permits there had been
checked and certified clear of all crimes by the state; while the
people in the Statehouse behind us only had to be certified clean of
"election fraud" to hold their jobs.

Nancy Snow and Amos Hamburger were busy handing out ID buttons and
sheets describing all the bills to be presented at the hearings, and
telling people where to find their own representatives (and in too
many cases, who they were).

Mike warned us that the committee was going to suspend its rules and
discuss a bill that hadn't made it onto the official list.  It seems a
delegation of students from Simon's Rock of Bard College (alma mater
of Wayne Lo, who shot up the place with an SKS late last year) was
being bussed in to testify for a bill to ban all sales of firearms or
ammo to anyone who is not a state resident.

The hearings were originally scheduled in the (large) Gardner
Auditorium at 10:30, but that had been pre-empted by the Governor's
hearings on the Framingham Eight (women in prison for killing abusive
husbands, and seeking release).  So we had until 1:30 to buttonhole
our representatives, after which we would be squashed into an
inadequate hearing room.

One of my representatives' staffers was somewhat offensively smarmy.
He said, "Oh, it must be gun hearings day again!  The gun lobby is
always so organized every year."  I got a little pissed, and replied,
"I'm not from the gun lobby -- I'm from your district."

At 12:30, your second reporter arrived in time to notice a
demonstration going on in front of the statehouse (where the
pro-gunners weren't).  Randy Price from the TV News was there, in his
mirror reflective shades, talking to one of the anti-gun types, and
several Simon's Rock anti-gun "close-the-loophole" protestors.
(Earlier, Randy had covered the GOAL rally.)

The room we had been assigned seated about 50.  Remember, there were
about 160 gun owners there, plus another 20-30 students and teachers
from Bard.  One of us had already reserved a seat; the other never got
closer than the atrium outside -- and there was a crowd behind HIM.  A
cop took up station at the entrance and prevented the rest of the
crowd from coming in.  Soon after the debate started, a loudspeaker
was set up outside in the hall for the benefit of everyone else.

Everyone who was there (inside and outside) got to sign up on a sheet
saying what their position was on which bills.  Most of us signed up
to "support GOAL's position" on "all bills."

First, because of their time constraints, public officials got to
testify.  And first up was the bill that nobody had seen (the students
had some curfew, I guess).  

Currently, Massachusetts law allows a non-resident to purchase long
guns or ammo from a local dealer provided he complies with the laws of
his own state.  Previously, the law was similar, but applied only to
non-residents from states adjoining Massachusetts.  The Simon's Rock
folks called the current law a "loophole" and wanted it closed.

Two of their reps spoke about Wayne Lo and his "SKS assault rifle."
The second one, Hodgekiss, a co-sponsor, had done his homework so well
that he kept confusing Montana (Wayne Lo's home state) with Missouri,
and became belligerent when about five gun owners in the gallery
corrected him after his second muff.  Carr, from Gloucester, claimed
that the new bill would put the law back the way it was, but he was
lying: the new bill allows purchases by non-residents of adjoining
states ONLY if they have licensing in their own state "as strong as"
that in Massachusetts.  Since none of them do, that's that.

Some of the things these two said were really offensive.  "In some of
these other states, anyone can buy a gun as long as he's breathing!"
(Oooooo!)  "We have some very, very good gun laws in Massachusetts; if
only the other states would adopt the same type of laws, we wouldn't
be having this situation -- but they won't."  (Naughty, naughty!)

Next up was Boston city councilman Albert "Dapper" O'Neill.  He was
there to testify pro-gun, but in some ways he was a liability.  He's
reasonably elderly and tends to wander and repeat himself, plus he's
almost a caricature of a law-n-order politician.  He badmouthed the
ACLU, said violent criminals should be executed, and that if he were
judge, he'd give arrestees their "last rights" (pun intended) on the
spot (at which many of the gun owners applauded, which bothered me.)
He said that all the proposed gun restrictions were a step in the
right direction -- for the criminals.  He said this FOUR times :-(

Two of the bills under consideration would allow police to rescind a
CCW or FID, and confiscate all your guns, if someone had filed a
restraining order against you.  (Note that the filing of a restraining
order requires no warrant, no hearing, no evidence, and no conviction
-- just an accusation.)  Senator Barrett of Reading testified in favor
of it, and patronized the pro-gunners there several times by saying,
"I'm sure all the gun owners here will agree with me that we have to
get these weapons out of the hands of people that our courts have
convicted."  I haven't seen such a disgustingly disingenuous
performance since Nixon whined that he wasn't a crook.

Barrett also spoke in favor of the bill making the FID card renewable
every five years, instead of permanent as it is now.  The stated
purpose is to remove FID cards from those who have become ineligible.
"Revenue has nothing to do with it."  (Yeah, right.)  Apparently, some
congressmen think we're stupid enough to swallow the argument that
it's preferable to process 1.6 million renewals every cycle in the
vague hope of catching a recent felon than to simply take the goddamn
card away from a criminal at conviction time.  As usual, hassle the
law-abiding instead of the crook.

The two co-chairs of the committee were Rep. Caron and Sen. Jujuga.
Jujuga didn't say much (he was a co-sponsor of both "restraining
order" bills) but Caron struck me as a sharp guy that wouldn't let any
bad logic or lies on the part of either side to go unchallenged.  (He 
was a co-sponsor of one of the "restraining order" bills as well.)  One
of the younger reps on the committee (forgot his name) was
vociferously pro-gun, somewhat embarrassingly so.  His heart was in
the right place, but his arguments seemed to be confined to, "every
year it's the same damn thing, you come in here with this crap..."
It's nice to have a friend on the committee, but he could have been
more effective.

At about 3:00, it was clear that the hall-jam couldn't continue.
Someone came out of another meeting hall and yelled at the cop because
the loudspeaker was disturbing their meeting, so the loudspeaker was
disconnected.  So they found a bigger hall upstairs.  One of us had
to leave to catch his charter bus, and so missed the "public"
testimony; the other got a seat this time.

Caron began by talking about how he got his FID 16 years ago, left the
state, and then returned without notifying them of his address change.
He complained that the state record system was not up-to-date and that
his PD back in his city of birth still thought he lived there.  Great
quote: "If you purchase a gun today, it will not get into the state
computer system until 1999."  (This was also an argument he used
against the renewable FID card.)

Testimony was heard from several "battered women," one of whom had
been attacked by some guy in his 20's who had an FID card because he
got it when he was 15 or thereabouts.  They used a lot of emotion and
said how they were scared of these men.  A staffer of Attorney General
Harshbarger testified in favor of this anti-gun bill, saying how
50,000 restraining orders were granted last year, and how these women
needed to be protected.  Caron noted that a restraining order was
granted for 10 days, and then a hearing was held to determine whether
the order would be extended to a year.  He asked whether she would be
satisfied if the FID were revoked at the time of this hearing rather
than after the initial issuance of the FID.  She gave some long
rambling circumlocution in response.

Then testimony against the bill was heard.  Mike Yacino (who looks
something like Einstein) got up and made the point that restraining
orders were issued on too little evidence, that judges like to issue
restraining orders just to let things cool off no matter who they
think is right (man or woman), and that the hearings for restraining
orders are lightning sessions with little time to consider facts.
Atty. Karen McNutt spoke with him a few times during his testimony.

Other pro-gunners got up to testify.  One said he had had to file a
restraining order against a tenant to clear her out, and that she
countered by filing one against him!  He noted that this would have
allowed the state to confiscate his guns if the new bill became law.
One of the junior reps noted that "this is America" and we have to be
certain that individual rights are respected.  Senator Jujuga
reiterated this, saying that "people who abuse smaller people can go
to Hell as far as I care, but we have to be careful about equating
conviction with a restraining order."  (Point and match, Senator.)

Another pro-gunner got up and testified that he didn't know his
citizenship "expired every 5 years," and that a driver's license was a
privilege, not a right like the right to keep and bear arms.

A third got up and said the problem was with the criminal justice
system, and argued in favor of a death penalty bill and public
hangings.  Senator Jujuga said he had himself tried to get a death
penalty bill passed, and joking responded that he, too, favored public
hangings.  The speaker then responded, "I'll make you a deal.  You get
me the rope, and I'll tie the noose."

Next came public testimony on the Simon's Rock bill.  A teacher
testified that she had been the teacher of Wayne Lo, and that "he
wouldn't have been able to shoot people inside a building while he was
outside" without his evil gun.  She said that the "loophole" should be
closed to prevent something like this from "ever happening again".

Four or five other kids testified in favor of this bill, one of
spilling tears for the good legislators.  One of the students actually
shot by Wayne Lo was also there.  Many of them had T shirts on,
saying, "As long as one person can buy a gun in anger, none of us are
safe -- support gun control."  The committee was reluctant to grill or
correct the kids, except for Caron, who corrected one student who had
claimed that anyone could apply for an FID.  "Only residents can get
FID's," he said.  (How much do you want to bet that this kid had no
idea he had been conned into testifying for a bill that would cut
out-of-staters completely off?)

Yacino and McNutt spoke again, this time noting that the bill as
written would affect both ammo AND ALL guns possessed by
out-of-staters.  Karen also noted that hunters in CT, NH, and VT could
be put away for a year if they wandered across the MA boundary
somewhere in the woods and got challenged by game wardens.  Yacino
underscored the fact that Lo COULD have gotten an FID as a resident
student -- and, hell, even an CCW, as he had NO criminal or mental
record.

One junior rep was upset that it would take MA residents longer to buy
a gun than out-of-staters, and thought it was "elitist".  Another
(Caron?) said that we need the protection of preventing non-residents
from buying without an FID because only two other states in the union
had "FID-type" cards, so complying with all the laws of one's home
state was "not enough."  One pro-gun speaker replied that this
resembled a mother watching her son in a marching band and exclaiming,
"Everyone's out of step but Johnny!"

All the Bard College people were filing out as the pro-gun testimony
for this bill was made, and thus only pro-gunners were around when the
other bills came under consideration.  The main bills remaining (and
GOAL's position) were:

o  H.4375 and four others: Notify police chiefs so they can pull 
   licenses when a holder is convicted (strongly supported)

o  H.1732: Require trigger locks on all handguns sold (opposed)

o  H.962: Require trigger locks on all loaded firearms (strongly
   opposed)

o  H.1350: Allow every municipality to enact their own gun laws 
   (opposed)

o  H.1731: Fund bullet-proof vests for municipal police (supported)

o  S.1097: State Constitutional Amendment for the RKBA (supported)

o  Several on police discretion in the issuance of FID cards (opposed)

o  Several altering non-resident license conditions (supported)

o  H.1135: Ban damn near all guns everywhere in the state (guess!)

Some of these took only 30 seconds to consider, as the remaining
pro-gunners raised hands in unison either for or against them.

Mike Yacino noted that, besides the danger in screwing with a trigger
lock on a loaded gun, that bill would make it illegal for a licensee
to carry his concealed handgun unless it were locked.

Caron blew right through H.1350 when he saw that we opposed it.
Again, he brought up the state's archaic records capability and said,
"This would create hundreds of different licensing systems."

The session ran late -- since it was the last scheduled hearing, it
could not be adjourned until everyone who wanted to had testified.  It
ended at about 6:30.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54275
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: HR 1276 ("A gun law I can live with!" :-)

cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:

>In article <1993Apr15.171601.25930@dg-rtp.dg.com>, meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers) writes:

>>                                     A BILL 
>>   
>> To establish the right to obtain firearms for security, and
>>     to use firearms in defense of self, family, or home, and
>>     to provide for the enforcement of such right.

>Maybe I'm too "religious," but when I see a bill to "establish a right,"
>I wince.  Keep in mind, what the law giveth, the law can taketh away.
>-- 

>cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
>OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...

I don't think your objection is beyond the bounds of rationality.  The
right mentioned in the bill is already established under the Second
Amendment; the bill should be reworded to reaffirm the Second Amendment
RKBA, and then establish the procedures for redress through the federal
court system.

The right already exists and is already embodied in our Constitution.

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54277
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Clinton wants National ID card, aka USSR-style "Internal Passport"

In article <C5JIF8.I4n@boi.hp.com> slack@boi.hp.com (David Slack) writes:
>The idea of the card is bull in and of its self, but I'm curious to know, do 
>they plan on making it a requirement to *always* have it on you, or is it 
>only going to be required to be *presented* when trying to ge medical aid?

This, at least, has already been determined: The Blue Cross medical
coverage for all federal employees is a good model for a future
national system. To get emergency medical care, anyone so insured
must always carry their Blue Cross card. Before entering a hospital,
you must notify Blue Cross, or they will refuse to pay your bills. 
In an emergency, where you must be treated before notifying them, 
you must inform them within 24 hours or (if you are unable to do
so for medical reasons) the hospital must. Failing to do so within
24 hours means they will not cover the hospitalization. In you need
your card to notify them (and without the card, the hospital certainly
wouldn't know they had to.) Therefore, you are required to carry
the card at all times, or do without emergency medical coverage.

                                                 Frank Crary
                                                 CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54278
From: cathy@LANCE.ColoState.Edu (Cathy Smith)
Subject: Re: UPI News Release


Cathy Smith posting for L. Neil Smith

Dear Bill -- 

Very, VERY good -- you made my whole day with this post. Thanks
a lot.

L. Neil Smith

My opinions are, of course, my own.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54279
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1993Apr15.202811.29312@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>,
andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:
>
>>I have been at a shooting range where
>>gang members were "practicing" shooting.
>
>How do "we" know that they were gang members and not undercover cops
>or even law-abiding menacing minorities.  BTW - Why the sneer quotes?
>
"We" know because the area that the gun shop/shooting range is in is right on
the border of the west side of Chicago.  That is a gang infested area.  There
are many, many bad things going on in that area.  Also, I have several friends
that live very close to that area who have had problems with some of these
folks.  By the way, where did I say that they were minorities?  Do you think
that only minorities have gangs?  Not so.  As far as the quotes are concerned
it was totally obvious that they weren't just practicing for marksmanship.  I
don't know about you but I have never seen anyone else practice marksmanship by
taking their gun out of their coat as fast as possible and start shooting.  If
you would have been there Andy it would've been obvious to you too.  Of course
it might not have been.  Who knows.  All I do know is that I was there, I live
here and I know that they were gang bangers.  When you live here long enough it
becomes pretty easy to spot them via gang colors, gang signs, etc.  One last
thing.  My sister is a social worker.  She makes it her point to find these
things out (gang signs, colors, etc) because it is in her best interest to do
so.  She is nice enough to let me know these things so I can watch out for
myself as I live right on the border of the west side of the city. Enough said.

Jason

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54280
From: dlo@druwa.ATT.COM (OlsonDL)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

In article <1qc5sa$obl@pandora.sdsu.edu>, chiu@io.nosc.mil (Francis Chiu) writes:
}     A note on the lighter side, I've noticed most gun-banners (some of my
}   friends included) are the one who make comments that indicate they are 
}   more likely to resort to violent.  So are they really banning guns so they 
}   wouldn't end up shooting someone else?

Could be.

It is also likely that since they feel they are more likely to resort to
violence, they have a hard time believing that anyone else would react
otherwise.
--
David Olson            dlo@drutx.att.com
"Well, I did say we'll put it out and we'll put it out when we can.
 But I don't know what we can put out or when we can put it out."
 -- George Stephanopolous.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54281
From: dlo@druwa.ATT.COM (OlsonDL)
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

In article <1993Apr14.182610.2330@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu>, jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
} 	The vast majority get through life without ever having to
} 	own, use or display a firearm.
} ...
} 
}       Given society
} 	as we now experience it - it seems safer to get rid of
} 	as many guns as possible.

Considering that the uses include self defense, hunting, target shooting
and collecting, I don't buy the notion that the vast majority of people
don't "own, use or display a firearm".

But let's say your contention is true.  What's the point of "get[ting]
rid of as many guns as possible", if they weren't being used anyway?
--
David Olson            dlo@drutx.att.com
"Well, I did say we'll put it out and we'll put it out when we can.
 But I don't know what we can put out or when we can put it out."
 -- George Stephanopolous.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54282
From: joan@koala.berkeley.edu ()
Subject: Re: Newspapers censoring gun advertisements


I don't know what Traders is claiming, but it appears to me that
the Oakland Tribune has censored gun ads in the past.  Likewise
for the San Francisco Chronicle, and I have never seen a gun
ad in the San Francisco Examiner.

Specifically, about a year ago on Thursdays, when Traders placed
its ads, the Chron. ad would not have any graphics representing
any handgun sale, though text could list it.  The Trib. would
run a graphic of a handgun.  The Examiner would not have a Traders
ad at all.

Over the past year while Oakland politicians have made a lot of noise
about measures to fight crime the Trib stopped taking the Traders
ad, then started publishing it, but without any handgun graphic, then
stopped, then started.  Since the Trib. was sold some months ago it
has not had the Traders ad.  During one of these non-ad interludes
a Traders employee told me that the Trib. had refused to take their
ads.

Yes, the usual Chron. Thursday ad was there today, with graphics
representing rifles, safes, etc. as usual.

Joan V

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54283
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Insane Gun-toting Wackos Unite!!!

>> Do you know how many deaths each year are caused by self-inflicted gun-
>> shot wounds by people wearing thigh holsters?

There are roughly 1200 fatal, firearms-related accidents each year.
The large majority involve rifles and shotgun; there are under 500
fatal handgun accidents each year. I really doubt all of those
occur while the pistol is holstered, so the number of "self-inflicted
gunshot wounds by people wearing thigh holsters" is probably
well under 250 per year.

>>If you fall, for example,
>> and land on the handgun or cause a sudden blow, the gun will discharge.

Handguns designs have included a "hammer block" since around 1960
or earlier. This is a metal part which physically seperates
the cartridge and the firing pin: Even under impact, the gun
cannot fire. The hammer block is connected to the trigger and
is pulled out of the way as the trigger is pulled. As a result,
modern pistols can fire _only_ if the trigger is pulled (or 
in some cases, if they are cocked by hand and then dropped.) 

>> The number of people killed in this manner far outweighs the number of
>> deaths caused by animal attacks or "wacko" attacks combined.

I don't know about animal attacks, but there are 23,500 murders 
each year and under 500 die in the manner you suggest. If only
2.1% of the murders were killings by "wacko"s, you would be
wrong. Worse, there are also 102,500 rapes and 1,055,000 aggravated
assaults each year. These numbers make violent attacks, and 
preventing them, thousands of times more significant than the
accidents you are worried about.

(These figures, by the way, are from the FBI's "Uniform Crime
Report" for 1990. I'll stop by a library tomorrow and look at
the "National Crime Victimization Survey", which is more
specific about where and when the crimes occured.)

                                              Frank Crary
                                              CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54284
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: DeConcini -- ten years ago and today

 Dennis Deconcini, 1982
 
...In these and similar areas, the
Bureau has violated not only the dictates of common sense, but of 5
U.S.C. Sec 552, which was intended to prevent "secret lawmaking" by
administrative bodies.
   These practices, amply documented in hearings before this Sub-
committee, leave little doubt that the Bureau has disregarded
rights guaranteed by the constitution and laws of the United
States.
   It has trampled upon the second amendment by chilling exercise
of the right to keep and bear arms by law-abiding citizens.
   It has offended the fourth amendment by unreasonably search-
ing and seizing private property.
   It has ignored the Fifth Amendment by taking private property
without just compensation and by entrapping honest citizens with-
out regard for their right to due process of law.
   The rebuttal presented to the Subcommittee by the Bureau was
utterly unconvincing. Richard Davis, speaking on behalf of the
Treasury Department, asserted vaguely that the Bureau's priorities
were aimed at prosecuting willful violators, particularly felons ille-
gally in possession, and at confiscating only guns actually likely to
be used in crime. He also asserted that the Bureau has recently
made great strides toward achieving these priorities. No documen-
tation was offered for either of these assertions. In hearings before
BATF's Appropriations Subcommittee, however, expert evidence
was submitted establishing that approximately 75 percent of BATF
gun prosecutions were aimed at ordinary citizens who had neither
criminal intent nor knowledge, but were enticed by agents into
unknowning technical violations.
 
( Exerpt from: 97th Congress; 2d Session   COMMITTEE PRINT
     T H E   R I G H T   T O   K E E P   A N D   B E A R   A R M S
                                REPORT
                                of the
                   SUBCOMMITTEE ON THE CONSTITUTION
                                of the
                      COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY
                         UNITED STATES SENATE
                        NINETY-SEVENTH CONGRESS
                            SECOND SESSION
                             FEBRUARY, 1982
        Printed for the use of the Committee on the Judiciary
                    U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE
88-618 O
                        WASHINGTON : 1982
 
 
Letter to Constituent: April 1993
 
 
Thank you for contacting me regarding the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco,
and Firearms (ATF), which is the Federal law enforcement agency with
jurisdiction over firearms violations and regulations.
 
It has been my experience as chairman of the Appropriations
Subcommittee on Treasury, Postal Service and General Government which
funds ATF, that ATF is one of the most competent and highly
professional law enforcement agencies in the Federal government.
The agents of ATF have proven their value again and again in
successful, legal operations to curb the unlawful possession and use
of firearms, especially in the area of  drug-related crimes.  It
enforces the Armed Career Criminal Act which calls for mandatory
minimum sentences for repeat felons using firearms to carry out  an
illegal activity.  The Bureau has made itself a key component in
preventing gang related violence, also, both by educating at-risk
youth to the dangers of gang membership as well a s by depriving known
gangs from access to weapons.
 
The Waco, Texas case involved the execution of search warrants by ATF
on the Branch Davidians for illegal firearms and explosives possession
(automatics, semi-automatics, and machine-guns, in addition to bombs
and other explosives.)  In virtually every gun case, ATF is asked to
trace weapons through its' National Firearms Tracing Center, where
they keep all dealer and Federal firearms license information.  ATF
is the Federal governments' firearms expert and routinely works with
state and local police to execute warrants.  ATF, working with state
and local law enforcement in Texas and the U.S. Attorneys' office
felt it was necessary to execute these warrants in order to legally
establish that a crime had been committed and conclude a long and
thorough investigation of illegal gun and explosives held by members
of the Branch Davidians.  In addition, ATF carefully selected a
Sunday morning, knowing from their source, inside, that the men would
be separated from the women and children and not in the area where
it was known that the illegal weapons were stored.
 
As you may be aware by now, Vernon Howell a.k.a. David Koresh
spiritual leader of the Branch Davidians was tipped of the impending
execution of the search warrants.  Unfortunately, ATF lost the
element of surprise and the cult was able to arm themselves  and
prepare for ATFs' entry into the compound.  Once a hostage situation
presented itself, the ATF asked the FBI to become involved since the
FBI is skilled in hostage negotiations.  In addition, and military
tanks were brought in due to the serious nature of the situation and
firepower of the Branch Davidians.
 
Based on what I have learned about ATF's role in the Branch Davidian
raid, I believe the agency acted responsibly.  I am, however, deeply
saddened by the loss of lives of the 4 law enforcement agents who
attempted to enter the compound and the civilian members of the
cult.  I fully expect the Department of  Treasury to conduct a
thorough evaluation with representatives from law enforcement outside
the Department to be headed by the Assistant Secretary for
Enforcement.  In addition, ATF will conduct its' own review of the
Waco operation.  I look forward to reviewing the findings of the
evaluators and hope this situation in Waco will be brought to a quick
and peaceful conclusion.
 
Sincerely,
 
Dennis DeConcini
Chairman
Subcommittee on Treasury,
Postal Service and
General Government
 
April 7, 1993
 
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54285
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Crimestrike Alert for Texas

Fellow Texans and Members of Crime Strike in Texas
 
Crime Strike in Texas has a loosely knit coalition with most
Victims Rights Groups in Texas. We ask that you write a
letter protesting the release of the following murderer.
 
This letter should be written to :
 
Raven Kazen - Victims Services
Board of Pardons and Paroles
P.O. Box 13401 - Capital Station
Austin, Texas 78711
 
The letter should be written if at all possible on RED PAPER
as that was agreed on at one of our first meetings . It
represents the coalition and all of its parts as well as the
heart ache of those left behind and the blood spilled by
these criminals. The letter should have only one name on it
so it can be filed in the folder of that criminal waiting for
his next try at parole.
 
List of Criminals:
 
Today we have only one parole to protest , On October 4,
1990, Mark Steven Hughes rendered numerous blows to the head
of James Allen Pompa . Ten month old James went into a coma
and died two days later.
 
On July 8, 1992, Mark Steven Hughes pled guilty to Injury to
a Child and received a ten-year sentence. According to Texas
law, Mark became eligible for parole on January 4, 1992 --
six months before he was even sentenced!
 
Would you join us in strongly protesting the release from
prison of Mark Steven Hughes, who beat a baby to death .
 
Mark Steven Hughes - beat to death the baby boy of
Russel Pompa -- Reference Mark Steven Hughes - TDC# 633546
 
 
Mark your envelope   "PROTEST LETTER" on the front and back.
 
A typical letter is indicated on the next page ---
 
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
 
Irvin Wilson - Volunteer Crime Strike Texas
 
 
Date: April 13, 1993
 
Raven Kazen - Victims Services
Board of Pardons and Paroles
P.O. Box 13401 - Capital Station
Austin , Texas 78711
 
I protest the parole of Mark Steven Hughes TDC#633546, who,
murdered James Son of Russel Pompa.
 
He should be kept in prison for his full sentence and not be
released at any time prior to his full sentence for any
reason.
 
 
Irvin Wilson
Houston, Texas
 
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54286
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Ohio Legislative Alert -- H.B. 278

OHIO HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVE  TUEDAY, APRIL 6, 1993
 
H.B. NO. 278- REPRESENTATIVE BEATTY
 
        TO AMMEND  SECTION 2923.11, 2923.17, AND 2923.20 AND TO ENACT 
N 2923.181 OF THE REVISED CODE TO EXPAND THE DEFINTION OF DANGEROUS 
ORDINANCE TO INCLUDE MILITARY WEAPONS THAT DO NOT USE BOLT ACTION, TO 
INCREASE THE PENALTY FOR A VIOLATION OF THE PROHIBTION AGAINST POSSESION 
OF DANGEROUS ORDINANCE, TO PROHIBIT ANY PERSON FROM ACQUIRING A MILITARY 
WEAPON ON OR AFTER THE ACT'SEFFECTIVE DATE, TO REQUIRE THE LICENSURE OF 
MILITARY WEAPONS ACQUIRED FOR A PROPER PURPOSE PRIOR TO THE ACT'S 
EFFECTIVE DATE, TO PROHIBIT A PERSON FROM IMPORTING, MANUFACTURING, OR 
SELLING A MILITARY WEAPON, AND TO DECLARE AN EMERGENCY.
 
As of Monday, April 12, 1993  H.B. 278 had not been assigned to a 
committee.  Introduced as an emergency measure if this passes there is no 
chance for a reforendum, and would go into effect immediately as opposed 
to the state requirement of 90 days before a law goes into effect.
 
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54287
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Ohio Legislative Alert -- H.B. 287

OHIO HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVE   THURSDAY, APRIL 8, 1993
 
H.B. NO. 287- REPRESENTATIVES SEESE, DAVIS, BATCHELDER, AMSTUTZ, T. 
JOHNSON, VAN VYVEN, WACHTMANN, WHITE, DI DONATO, BOGGS, LOGAN
 
        TO AMEND SECTION 1531.01 OF THE REVISED CODE TO ADD MOURNING DOVE 
TO THE GAME BIRD LIST AND PERMIT THE CHIEF OF THE DIVISION OF WILDLIFE IN 
THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TO REGULATE THE HUNTING OF MOURNING 
DOVES, AND TO MAKE AN APPROPRIATION.
 
This would allow the hunting of mourning doves in Ohio and give the 
sportsman something they have been pushing for.
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54288
From: <U23590@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: Gritz/JBS/Liberty Lobby/LaRouche/Christic Insitute/Libertarian/...

Note that Bo Gritz was on the Populist party ticket with David
Duke (for veep) in 1988 until he found out that Duke was leading
he ticket, when he withdrew his candidacy.  So Gritz gave up his
chance to be Vice President of the US just to aviod supporting
Duke.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54289
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Insane Gun-toting Wackos Unite!!!

In article <1993Apr16.030706.3318@ucsu.Colorado.EDU> fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary) writes:

>>> Do you know how many deaths each year are caused by self-inflicted gun-
>>> shot wounds by people wearing thigh holsters?
>
>There are roughly 1200 fatal, firearms-related accidents each year.
>The large majority involve rifles and shotgun; there are under 500
>fatal handgun accidents each year. I really doubt all of those
>occur while the pistol is holstered, so the number of "self-inflicted
>gunshot wounds by people wearing thigh holsters" is probably
>well under 250 per year.

       I'm neither a doctor nor a firearms tech expert, but it would seem
that given the way a holstered gun points, accidental injuries inflicted
that way would be among the least lethal.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54290
From: cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <C5Bu9M.2K7@ulowell.ulowell.edu>
jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) wrote:

> In article <1q96tpINNpcn@gap.caltech.edu> arc@cco.caltech.edu
> (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:
> >The Second Amendment is a guarantee of the right to bear arms.  Clearly
> >and unequivocally, without infringement.

> Unfortunately the Second Amendment is not as clear as you state.  If last 
> part of it is taken along, it follows what you have said.  The problem
> I have is with the first part of the single sentence which makes up the
> amendment.  The Second Amendment is:

> 	A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security 
                         ^^^^^^^ Militia

> 	of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear 
                  ^^^^^ State

> 	arms, shall not be infringed.
        ^^^^ Arms

You didn't even get the capitalization correct!  Try reading USCA on
the Constitution, or get any other CORRECT version of the
Constitution. 

> This mention of a well regulated militia is what confuses me.  According
> to the Federalist Paper's, a well regulated militia has a well defined 
> structure and follows nationally uniform regulations.

Perhaps you should actually READ the Federalist Papers!!

    James Madison, Federalist Paper 46: "Besides the advantage of
    being armed, which the Americans possess over the people of almost
    every other nation, the existence of subordinate governments, to
    which the people are attached, and by which the militia officers
    are appointed, forms a barrier against the enterprises of
    ambition, more insurmountable than any which a simple government
    of any form can admit of.  Notwithstanding the military
    establishments in the several kingdoms of Europe, which are
    carried as far as the public resources will bear, the governments
    are afraid to trust the people with arms."
                  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    James Madison, I Annals of Congress 434, 8 June 1789: "The right
    of the people to keep and bear... arms shall not be infringed.  A
    well regulated militia, composed of the body of the people,
                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    trained to arms, is the best and most natural defense of a free
    country..."

    Alexander Hamilton, Federalist Paper 29 (on the organization of
    the militia): "Little more can reasonably be aimed at, with
    respect to the people at large, than to have them properly armed
               ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    and equipped; and in order to see that this be not neglected, it
    will be necessary to assemble them once or twice in the course of
    a year."

    Alexander Hamilton, Federalist Paper 29 (speaking of standing
    armies): "... if circumstances should at any time oblige the
    government to form an army of any magnitude that army can never be
    formidable to the liberties of the people while there is a large
    body of citizens, little, if at all, inferior to them in
    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    discipline and the use of arms, who stand ready to defend their
                                    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^*****
    own rights and those of their fellow-citizens."
    ***^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

But *surely* Hamilton and Madison didn't mean the PEOPLE when they
said "people", right?  That's why the Amendment refers to "the Right
of the Militia"?...  ;-)

> Your average 
> 17-45 year old male does not fall into the definition.

You're right, the Militia consists of ALL able bodied males (and
probably females under current interpretation). 

> Therefore most
> members of The Militia, the one the every gun advocate refers to, are
> not members of a well organized militia and therefore are not directly

The Amendment does nor refer to "well organized", it says "well
regulated".  I have some targets you may examine if you wish to check
how _well regulated_ I am. 

> mentioned in the amendment.

> If this amendment wanted to allow every member of The Militia to keep
> and bear arms, why did it specificly mention a "well organized militia" 
> in the SAME SENTENCE as the right to keep and bear arms?

Correct.  That's why the Right is reserved to the People.  And that
was to insure the People could form a "well regulated Militia", not a
"well organized militia".

> It could be
> argued that the first part of the sentence is separate from the last 
> part.  If so, why was it include in the same atomic unit of written

What do Atomic Units have to do with this argument?  Any moron can set
h_bar = C = 1...

> instead of a separate sentence?

Oh, I see what your question is; Why don't you read the federalist
Papers?! 

    James Madison, Federalist Paper 41 (regarding the "General
    Welfare" clause): "Nothing is more natural nor common than first
    to use a general phrase, and then to explain and qualify it by a
    recital of particulars."

But what does Madison know about the grammatical style of the 2nd?  He
only wrote it.

> The amendment also implies that the right to arms has to due with 
> the security of a free state.  The Federalist Paper's mention of a
> well regulated militia gives many examples of how this militia protects
> the security of a free state.  All these examples are actions of a
> very organized force, not some John Q. Public with a gun.

That's obviously because you've never actually *read* the Federalist
Papers. 

> All that the Second Amendment clearly states to me is that the people's
> right to form well regulated militias shall not be infringed.  That is 
> people have the right to join a well organized militia.  This well
> organized militia will, of course, provide training in how to use arms
> and in basic military tactics.  These training members of the militia
> can keep and bear the arms.

Can't read, huh?  Show me where the document says "well organized
militia". 

> Lastly, reading through the Federalist Paper's on well organized 
> militia it is very clear that many of the reasons for these militias.
> One reason stated is the protection from a standing army.  These days
> the standing army could easily defeat a group consisting of every 
> 17-45 year old male and female not in the armied forces.

That is *exactly* why EVERY PERSON should be allowed to own *any*
weapon currently in use in the armed forces.

> Another
> reason stated for well organized militias is to reduced the need
> for a standing army.  Well, the US Armied Forces have been a standing
> army for more than half the history of the US.

But the major reason is to protect against that very same army.

> It seems to me the whole reason for the Second Amendment, to give
> the people protection from the US government by guaranteeing that the
> people can over through the government if necessary, is a little bit
> of an anachronism is this day and age.  Maybe its time to re-think
> how this should be done and amend the constitution appropriately.

    Abraham Lincoln, First Inaugural Address, March 4, 1861: "This
    country, with its institutions, belongs to the people who inhabit
    it.  Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing government,
    they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it, or
    their revolutionary right to dismember it or overthrow it."

    Rep. Elbridge Gerry of Massachusetts, spoken during floor debate
    over the Second Amendment, I Annals of Congress at 750, 17 August
    1789: "What, Sir, is the use of a militia?  It is to prevent the
    establishment of a standing army, the bane of liberty. ...
    Whenever Governments mean to invade the rights and liberties of
    the people, they always attempt to destroy the militia, in order
    to raise an army upon their ruins."

So now we know which category Mr. Rutledge is in; He means to destroy
our Liberties and Rights.

--
Charles Scripter   *   cescript@phy.mtu.edu
Dept of Physics, Michigan Tech, Houghton, MI 49931
-------------------------------------------------------------
"...when all government... in little as in great things, shall be
drawn to Washington as the centre of all power, it will render
powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will
become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we
separated."   Thomas Jefferson, 1821

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54291
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: Nuclear/heavy weapons and the Militia [Long]

fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary) writes:

	Down to 170-some odd lines.  We must be making progress!
On an ironic note, where I deleted lines Emacs continually gave me
the message "Garbage collecting... Done."  Think it's trying to
tell me something?

>viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson) writes:

>And thank you: It's a great change from the same tired old debates...

	You lurkers can join in at any time, you know!  Ahhh..
Talk.politics.guns -- the kindler, gentler newsgroup.  Who would
have thought?

>No, not exactly: The only reason for this sort of restriction is
>the possible endangerment of others. A poorly maintained 
>rifle is dangerous, but only to the user; since it doesn't
>endanger others, there is no justification for such restrictions.

	I remind you of shrapnel.  I consider 5' a reasonable space
limitation, but make no mistake a gun blowing up is a hazard to
those nearby, say in the next lane at the range.  My point was at
what distance, or level of threat, we draw the line.  Is it the
endangerment of others, so we do a 5' restriction, or the possibility
of being shot, hence we draw a 1.5 mile restriction, or a nuke and
draw a 5 mile restriction?  To me they al suffer from the fundamental
flaw that they restrict based upon the instrument rather than placing
the responsibility for usage squarely upon the shoulders of the user.
Perhaps Sen. Metzenbaum declaring the Barrett Light Fifty an assault
rifle has made this more apparent to me, since the Barrett has
only range and acurracy going for it.

>They have determined that their lives are worth the effort to
>protect their homes and families. Using nuclear weapons close 
>to home will not accomplish this.

	I disagree, on the grounds that a house can be rebuilt much
more easily than my family once I have died.  I assume that word
would get to the citizens that such an attack was planned.  If this
is not the case, the tactical and strategic implications change
quite a bit.  Personally, my home is worth, say, twenty Martians
intent on taking over the world.  My family?  All of them.  The
balancing act here is hard to judge sitting at my desk.

>There is, however, another problem: In any case of civil war,
>the strength of the militias fighting on each side should
>reflect the popular will. If the public is split 67% versus
>33%, then the minorities' militias should be at a 2:1 disadvantage.
>Such a need for popular support would, hopefully, prevent 
>insurrections unless the people really were behind the rebels.
>But heavy weapons owned by a small fraction of the militia 
>could distort this: What if the 33% minority included all the
>tank and artillery owners?

	That seems to be the case already, given that heavy
weapons aren't commonly owned by the citizenry.  With such low
numbers, obviously due to cost, I don't think the superior
weapons are going to be of great effect against a numerically
superior foe.  Furthermore, it is even more doubtful their training
includes proper tactical movements that best utilize tanks,
whereas the commonly rifleman is not so hampered in effectiveness.

>I think it is vital to avoid such a situation, where a small 
>minority would have a reasonable chance of gaining political power
>through violence. To prevent this, it may be necessary to give 
>control of heavy weapons (e.g. those which only a small number
>of individuals would own _and_ whose firepower would grossly 
>distort the relation between popular support and military 
>strength) to someone other that individual militiamen. This is
>certainly not a good thing, but I think it is the lesser of two evils.
>Whoever controls these weapons must be a democratic body,
>responsive to the will of the people.

	I had envisioned that the armorer, perhaps the officers
of a select group, and the like would exercise control over the
heavier, more complex weapons.  But, if Joe Bob owns an old Sherman
tank I certainly wouldn't ask him to give it up.  Follow orders
from the officers, yes.  Since the expense of a tank is so large,
though, chances are it would be jointly purchased and should
therefore be jointly maintained and operated.

>Here, I think we have to be carefull about _which_ "state" we
>are talking about: Certainly one role of the militia is to
>overthrow a repressive government, and it would be completely
>destructive to that end for that same government to control 
>the militia's arms. But the United States have several levels
>of government, each able to act independently, but not all
>likely targets of rebelion.
>As such, rebelions against state and
>local governments are very unlikely. I think, therefore, that the
>state (or possibly local) governments could safely be allowed to
>keep the select militia's heavy weapons. The risk of abuse, while
>still something to consider, is far less than the similar risk
>were the federal government in control.

	This I'll agree with to a point.  The State having control
over the heavy weapons should not be justification for the state
to have them centrally located.  Keep them spread out, such that
the ability of the State to lock them up isn't so easy.  Otherwise,
I would have to assume that State control would rest on the
authority of the Governor and militia officers.

>That is eaxctly why I think they should be removed: The select
>militia should privide the militia's heavy weapons and highly-trained
>specialists. For the reasons I have outlines above, I think 
>these heavy weapons (tanks, artillery, aircraft, etc...) are
>better off being kept by local governments than by a small 
>number of individuals. However, local governments shouldn't
>be able to use the select militia without the support to the
>people. Ideally, the general militia, under the direct 
>control of the people, and the select militia, under the direction
>of democratic, local governments, would opperate together.
>But even in the worst case, the general militia should be able
>to functional without the select militia. Similarly, the
>select militia should be incapable of action without the
>aid of the general militia.

	I'm having a hard time seeing how these heavy weapons,
fairly few in numbers, could not be easily wielded by a few
people with government support.  Just as you argued above that
the weapons should be divvied up and under democratic control
so one side doesn't have all of them, I can't see where this
situation is alleviated in having the select militia holding
all the weapons and the unorganized militia being the infantry.
I think a better mix is called for.  But, I would argue that
the Federal army should rely upon the select militia and the
unorganized militia for the bulk of its infantry units.

>Consider, then, the effect of removing the National Guard's
>infantry and placing the Guard under the control of local
>governments. The government-controled select militia could
>not fight effectively without infantry support provided by
>the general militia (an inherently infantry organization.) 
>On the other hand, the general militia could function (although
>at a disadvantage) without the backing of local governments and
>the select militia.

	We have to assume that there would be those who would
side with the government-controlled forces, and if they've all
the equipment an infantry force 3x the size would be in trouble.
I'd like to see that heavy stuff, say tanks, offset by the
local troups having a few 105's and anti-tank weapons in their
armory.  These would be much more useful to infantry than the
tank would be when cost and training requirements are figured in.
I suppose I'm quibbling over what constitutes heavy equipment.

>>...but a mechanized infantry unit is what builds
>>dikes in times of flood, sets up disaster relief cities, and
>>the like.
>
>I would much rather see these things handled by the local, 
>general militias.

	So would I, but the resources often aren't available to
outfit local units well enough.  Thus, we will certainly have to
call in others, and a mechanized unit carries more stuff faster
than anything else.

>Perhaps the National Guard isn't as close to my conception of
>the select militia as I thought: I was considering them to 
>be the heavy weapons/armor arm of the militia, not the infantry
>arm of the regular army.

	Perhaps our ideas of heavy weapons are different?  I think
main battle tanks, self-propelled artillery, and 155mm and up
field pieces are heavy stuff.  M113 troop carriers, 2 1/2 ton
trucks, HumVee's, old M60 tanks, 105 Howitzers, are more the stuff
of a mechanized infantry.  Actually, this is what the Guard units
in Iowa are currently fielding in some units.

	Perhaps it is just my innate fear of having the real heavy
equipment under State control, with little but numbers and light
stuff to act as a deterrent.  Allowing main battle tanks to the
states should be balanced with anti-tank capability in the local
ranks.  Similarly, local units would need to band together quickly,
hence small and fast response means mechanized infantry.  Finally,
the militia is more than just fighting.  Equipment is needed for
other responses.  The Federal army, I'm convinced, should have a
very minumum of infantry, relying on the state and local militias
for these functions.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >









Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54292
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:

>I HATE long postings, but this turned out to be rather lengthy....

	That's OK -- you can mail me if you want more discussion.

>Acquiring weapons in Norway:
>You can buy (almost) all kinds of weapons in Norway, BUT you must have a 
>permit, and a good reason to get the permit....

	Around here, long-guns are proof of age and fill out the forms.
For pistols, nation-wide check for felonies and three days wait.  The
"good reason" is the difference, and one Americans tend to get annoyed
over as we see no reason the guy with the badge is any better than us.

>It's a little like getting a drivers licence isn't it ???
>You have to prove that you CAN drive before you are allowed to...

	Not when dealing with America.  I can drive an 18-wheel truck
with no permit, no license, and at age 12 if I'm engaged in farming
work.  Strange, that, but there is little to no problem with this.
Again, personal rights versus collective security.

>Some crimes are commited with guns that have been in the owners 'arms'
>for a long time, but these are rather the exeption.
>Most criminals accuire guns to use them in crimes, and mostly short 
>time befor the crime.

	Strange that the rates would decline, since killing somebody
is much more frowned upon than merely stealing a gun.

>Use of knives:
>It IS allowed to cary knifes in public, but not in your belt or 'open'.
>You (Americans) think it's ok to have a gun, but not to carry it open
>in public -rigth ??

	Why attract attention?  I carry my sword openly to and from
practice, as that is the only legal thing I can do.  I also attract
a lot of attention doing this.  I'd rather be lost "in a crowd of one"
than be the subject of attention while carrying a weapon.  Think of
the word "intimidation" and you can see where intimidation is not
the preferable method for the normal citizen.

>Scandinavians ARE 'aggressive':
>We northeners are not as hot-livered as southeners, but when we decide
>to take action we DO.
>Ask ANY historian or millitary with an knowledge of europe....
>(Or ask any German who served in Norway in WW2.....)

	Aggressive towards whom?  Southerners?  Germans?  Precisely
why I think your society is less violent, weapons aside.

>Yes the individual is more important than the masses, but only to some
>extent....
>Your criminal laws are to protect the individuals who makes the masses ??
>What happens when the rigths of some individuals affects the rights of 
>all the [masses?? -- editor barf -- Dan]

	Then the masses have the same rights as the individuals, because
everything comes down to the individual in one instance or another.  To
draw an analogy, Norway is involved in the EEC.  The USA in involved in
NATO.  The EEC requires certain changes in your laws.  NATO requires
no such changes in USA law.  These laws affect citizens, and hence
Norway is saying Europe is more important than, say, Norwegians having
motorcycles that make over 100bhp.  In the USA, we'd likely tell the
EEC to get stuffed since the EEC has no business, in our eyes, in
telling us how much horsepower we can safely ride.  While I note
that our own state governments often play with game with the federal
government, in essence this is a cultural difference between us.

>IF i lived in Amerika I would probably have a gun to defend myselfe in HOME.
>But should it have to be like that ??

	It shouldn't.  Since neither of our countries has managed to
remove criminals from society, in America we feel (and remember we
have individual states that are larger than your country) that if the
police cannot protect us then we must do so ourselves.  The criminals
in our country are quite violent, hence we prepare for them.

>Do you think it's wise to sell guns like candy (some states do...) ??
>If you believe it's smart/neccacery to have drivers-licence WHY do you think
>it should be free to buy guns ??

	We don't.  E-mail me to find out just how difficult it really
is in this country.  It is easier than in yours, but theft is far
easier than the troubles we go through to purchase over here.

>I would defend my home, loved ones and country, but I don't view guns as
>neccities or toys.

	They are neither.  They are an option.  We would never force
you to own guns if you lived here.  We would, however, fight to keep
that option open to you.

>I HAVE done army service, and HAVE used a variaty of weapons, but wouldn't
>want to have one for self defence or because they 'feel good'....

	Then you show you are a responsible, rational user of weapons.
Welcome to our ranks.  Now, how do we teach the young people this sort
of responsibility?  Cultures seem to have a grave impact here.

	I notice you didn't use my great-grandfather's name.  Well,
he didn't like it much either ;-)

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54293
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: That silly outdated Bill (was Re: Koresh and Miranda)

In article <1993Apr14.165633.2170@cbnews.cb.att.com>, lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:
>As for the MOVE incident, wasn't the mayor of Philadelphia at the time Black ?

For the first Move incident (no bomb, several members killed in
gunfire, circa 1978) the mayor was the very white Frank Rizzo.  
For the second (bomb included) the mayor was Wilson Goode, who 
is indeed black.

-jim halat

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54294
From: yoony@aix.rpi.edu (Young-Hoon Yoon)
Subject: Re: A Scoop of Waco Road, Please

cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:

>Your "lite" posting for the day, from rec.humor.funny:

>In article <S539.2adf@looking.on.ca>, bellas@tti.com (Pete Bellas) writes:
>> 
>> There is a new Ice Cream Flavor inspired by the incident at Waco.
>> 
>> It's called Mount Caramel, it's full of nuts but you can't get it out
>> of the carton.
>-- 

>cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
>OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Even though I find this to be funny on the surface, the original poster of the
joke has  tried and convicted the members of the BD to be a bunch of "nuts".
This may be a dangerous thing to do.  It is my opinion that most educated
or well informed people of this country have some distrust of the government.
This should exist because as a bureaucracy, any government given enough time
will tend to exist for it self and not for the original purpose it was 
created for.  This distrust by the people should keep those in power in-line.
That and a properly functioning press.  When a sensationalism oriented press
portrays a group of people as "nuts" or crazies, a violation of those
people's civil rights seem justified.   Since we, as American's, have the 
gurantee of rights as enumerated in the constitution, to include the
2nd ammendment, the government must appease the public's opinion or risk 
voted out of existance, or if it has become corrupt enough to tamper with
domocratic process itself, being thrown out by force.
  Our government as it stands, must appease the public.  Therefore the 
official press releases portray the BD's as fanatics who are a threat to
public safety.  We must not prejudge people based on one sided information.
So far the only information that we are being given is comming from the very
agency that was embarrased by the BD(Branch Davidians sp?).  It is to their
advantage to make the BD's as fanatical and dangerous as possible.  If they
were portrayed as law-abiding citizen's, then they(ATF) had no justification
what so ever of doing what they did.
   So let's keep an open mind.  Jokes like above, even though it may be funny,
may mislead the public from the truth of the matter.

Just as an aside,  my understanding of U.S. vs Rock Island and U.S. vs Dalton
leads me to believe that the National Firearms Act, which allows the Fed's
(in this case ATF) to regulate firearms(machine guns), has been deemed to be
unconstitutional since 1986.(By two federal district courts at least).
And since, I believe the only reason ATF was involved
in this case is because of firearms violations, it would be interesting to 
find out whether or not the search warrent was based on the NFA.
It would be very embarrassing indeed if a search warrent based on a possibly
unconstitutional law has resulted in 4 deaths(Law enforcement). 


****************************************************************************
The above opinions are mine and mine only.
I'm solely responsible for my opinions and my actions.  If you must flame
then flame away, but a well constructed argument will be much more respected.

Young-hoon Yoon                         yoony@rpi.edu
211 North Hall                          n6zud@hibp1.ecse.rpi.edu
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute        N6ZUD/2   HL9KMT(former)
Troy, NY 12180


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54295
From: tsmith+@cs.cmu.edu (Tom Smith)
Subject: Re: Clinton wants National ID card, aka USSR-style "Internal Passport"

In article <1993Apr16.022926.27270@ucsu.Colorado.EDU> fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary) writes:
>In article <C5JIF8.I4n@boi.hp.com> slack@boi.hp.com (David Slack) writes:
>>The idea of the card is bull in and of its self, but I'm curious to know, do 
>>they plan on making it a requirement to *always* have it on you, or is it 
>>only going to be required to be *presented* when trying to ge medical aid?
>
>This, at least, has already been determined: The Blue Cross medical
>coverage for all federal employees is a good model for a future
>national system. To get emergency medical care, anyone so insured
>must always carry their Blue Cross card. Before entering a hospital,
>you must notify Blue Cross, or they will refuse to pay your bills. 
>In an emergency, where you must be treated before notifying them, 
>you must inform them within 24 hours or (if you are unable to do
>so for medical reasons) the hospital must. Failing to do so within
>24 hours means they will not cover the hospitalization. In you need
>your card to notify them (and without the card, the hospital certainly
>wouldn't know they had to.) Therefore, you are required to carry
>the card at all times, or do without emergency medical coverage.
>
>                                                 Frank Crary
>                                                 CU Boulder
>
Which works fine until you end up in the hospital because you were hit on the
head and your wallet, with your insurance card, is stolen.  This happened to 
me, and it took six months to sort the mess out.  These sorts of plans sound
nice at first, but in the end they just create a lot of paperwork and
bureaucracy to deal with all the checking and filing they involve.

				Tom the non hacker
				tsmith@seismo.soar.cs.cmu.edu
				The return address is set wrong, send personal
				response to the above address.



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54296
From: holland@CS.ColoState.EDU (douglas craig holland)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

>>Hmm, wouldn't manditory saftey classes, registration
>>of both the owner and gun, and manditory liability insurance be nice for
>>gun owners.
>
>       The two are not the same, as I pointed out above.  There are
>significant difference between making rules for *use on public property*
>and *making rules for ownership*.
>
>       The other half of the objection is trust.  Similar things to this
>have been tried in many local jurisdications across the country, and
>have been abused in far too many cases.   Safety classes which are
>never sheduled, never funded, or only one or two is held a year for
>a limited number of participants.  Registration lists in New York,
>Chicago, and California have been used for confiscation.  *Many* gun
>owners would, in theory, support these planes.  (Although the
>numbers overwhelmingly show that competence is not the problem, that
>intentional misuse is).  They've simply seen it abused and are leery of
>the next person who comes down the pike with a "reasonable" suggestion
>they've already seen abused.

Gun safety classes sound good in theory, but they kind of remind me of
the "literacy tests" used in the bad old days to keep blacks from voting.
They came with the "grandfather clause": if your grandfather could vote,
you could vote.  Sort of like the gun safety laws that only let the
political ass-kissers have guns.
						Doug Holland


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54297
From: tomgift@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu (Tom Gift)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto) writes:

>Well, maybe I AM overreacting.

This is probably the best part of your post.  Everything else is
shrill speculation.

Tom Gift
tomgift@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu
 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54298
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)


|You believe that individuals should have the right to own weapons of
|mass destruction?  I find it hard to believe that you would support a 
|neighbor's right to keep nuclear weapons, biological weapons, and nerve
|gas on his/her property.  

There is no law prohibiting having biological weapons or nerve gas
on his/her property, or even walking on government property with such
items: ipso facto it is now one's _RIGHT_ to have such weapons of
"mass destruction."

Hell, the U.S. patent office has patents on the manufacture of nerve
gas that anyone can obtain simply by sending a $1.50 to the Patent
Office in Washington, D.C. (P.O. Box 8). These same patents are
verboten to English citizens from their own patent office, which doesn't
surprise me based on the mistrust of the UK government against private
ownership of semi-automatic rifles.

|If we cannot even agree on keeping weapons of mass destruction out of
|the hands of individuals, can there be any hope for us?

So, you are saying we should have legislation prohibiting owning 
biological warfare agents or nerve agents? Will you pass laws against
owning chlorine gas or cyanide as well? Will you pass laws against
owning acetylene gas that could have been used against the Bradley
IFVs had the Branch Dividians known of their anti-combustion engine
effects? Will you pass laws against owning 5-gallon cylinders of
propane because they could have been used as flame throwers? Yes, the 
proverbial "Road to Hell;" it's always for "Our Own Good."

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54299
From: Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no>
Subject: Change of name ??



	1. Make a new Newsgroup called talk.politics.guns.PARANOID or 
	talk.politics.guns.THEY'R.HERE.TO.TAKE.ME.AWAY

	2. Move all postings about waco and burn to (guess where)..

	3. Stop posting #### on this newsgroup

	We are all SO glad you're trying to save us from the evil 
	goverment, but would you mail this #### in regular mail to
	let's say 1000 people ????
	



	This is not a .signature.
	It's merely a computergenerated text to waste bandwith
	and to bring down the evil Internet.


                        Thomas Parsli
                        thomasp@ifi.uio.no

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54300
From: mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu (The Lawnmowerman)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>, <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
> I will be surprised if this post makes it past the censors,
> but here goes:
> 
> Monday, 19 April, 1993 13:30 EDT
> 
>                     MURDER  MOST  FOUL!!
> 
> CNN is reporting as I write this that the ATF has ignited all
> the buildings of the Branch Dividian ranch near Waco, TX. The
> lies from ATF say "holes were made in the walls and 'non-lethal' tear
> gas pumped in". A few minutes after this started the whole thing went up.
> ALL buildings are aflame. NO ONE HAS ESCAPED. I think it obvious that
> the ATF used armored flame-thrower vehicles to pump in unlit
> napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
> 
> THIS IS MURDER!
> 
> ATF MURDERERS!  BUTCHERS!!
> 
> THIS IS GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE, INCLUDING CHILDREN!
> 
> I have predicted this from the start, but God, it sickens me to see
> it happen. I had hoped I was wrong. I had hoped that there was
> still some shred of the America I grew up with, and loved, left
> alive. I was wrong. The Nazis have won.
> 
> I REPEAT, AS OF THIS TIME THERE ARE **NO  SURVIVORS**!
> 
> God help us all.
> 
> 
> PLEASE CROSSPOST -- DON'T LET THEM GET AWAY WITH THE SLAUGHTER OF THE CHILDREN!
> 
> 
> W. K. Gorman - an American in tears.

Flame on!!

Is this guy serious????

If he would ever really pay attention to the news (oops I forgot that the media
   for the most part loves to jump right on top of a story before all the facts 
   are known, as well as to manipulate what we see and thus what we believe). 
   Any ways one of Koresh's DEVOTED followers that DID I REPEAT DID survive this
   "GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE".  Besides there are nine 
   survivors in the burn-unit of the local hospital and was reported that David
   was in one of the towers when the shit hit the fan.  Besides, a majority of 
   these children were children that he was supposed to have been the father of,
   this then makes them bastard children to a sacraligious zeloit (sp).  Also
   someone should have told David and his followers that if they can't the heat
   then they should stay out of the kitchen!! (pun intended)

Flame off

" Aaah Daniaalson yah wanna fight,  fight me!!"      
-- 
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Matthew R. Hamilton   | mhamilto@mcs.kent.edu    |      A.K.A              |
| CS/ Physics Major     | 1499h751@ksuvxb.kent.edu |   (The Lawnmowerman)    |
| Kent State University	| 1299h751@ksuvxb.kent.edu |			     |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                                            |
|                                                                            |
|      Look here for future advice.quotes.sayings.jibberish.philosohy        |
|                                                                            |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54301
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: Ax the ATF

>True, Congress has said that possesion of an unlicensed automatic 
>weapon is a violation of the law.  Congress did not, however, say
>that such possesion was a capital offense or a transgression worth
>getting four good government agents killed and 16 others wounded.


Even if it were a capital offense, the warrant was not even an arrest warrant,
but a search warrant.  In other words, there was no evidence of illegal
arms, just enough of a suggestion to get a judge to sign a license to
search for illegal evidence.

Question:  As in the Rodney King case, will the US DOJ institute
criminal civil rights proceedings against the BATF?  Or at least an
investigation?  OK, sorry I asked.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54303
From: dianem@boi.hp.com (Diane Mathews)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

>>Am I having a vain hope that an honest investigation will occur on this
>>thing?  Or will it simply be whitewashed under the rug, and Business
>>as Usual will continue to be the Order of the Day in the New Order?
>>Who will be given the official title of "Thought Police", I wonder...?
>>
>>And if Clinton and friends have their way, (highly likely at this point)
>>the New Order Government will also have all the guns...  So what if
>>"1984" is going to be ten years late...  I think we are going to discover
>>that we will be paying DEARLY for putting this fellow in office for decades
>>to come.  Even some die-hard supporters are having serious doubts about
>>their Savior.

Ahem.  See the War on Drugs, as sponsored by the Bush and Reagan
administrations.  The precedent had well been set for federal agencies to
step on more than a few of what people consider "rights."  I won't make
excuses for anyone, but most of the damage had been done before Clinton
even entered the race in '92.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54304
From: kevin@axon.usa (Kevin Vanhorn)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19


In article <C5rpoJ.IJv@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>
> Two of the nine who escaped the compound said the fire was deliberately set 
> by cult members.

Correction: The *FBI* *says* that two of the nine who escaped said the fire
was deliberately set by cult members.  Since the press was kept miles away,
we have absolutely no independent verification of any of the government's
claims in this matter.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kevin S. Van Horn       | Is your religion BATF-approved?
vanhorn@bert.cs.byu.edu |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54306
From: dswartz@osf.org (Dan Swartzendruber)
Subject: Re: Ax the ATF


A few comments on the ATF's botched handling of this case:

1. Attempting to storm the compound in broad daylight?  The explanation
   we were given (at least at one point) was that they thought the cult
   members would be at religious services.  My only comment on this bit
   of idiocy is that if you're going to operate as a quasi-military unit,
   you'd better understand basic military tactics.  One cardinal rule
   is that only a fool plans an operation where if one assumption is
   incorrect, the operation will fail disastrously.

2. We were told that ATF got four agents killed because they were
   outgunned, they didn't expect such heavy resistance.  When
   questioned about why such an overwhelming military-style assault
   was planned, we were told that it was because the cultists were
   thought to be heavily armed.  Can you say contradictory?  I knew
   you could!

3. The BATF has had a bad reputation for years as a bunch of arrogant,
   hotdoggers.  I was talking to relatives a couple of weeks ago and
   referred to them as a bunch of Crockett and Tubbs wannabes.  I'm
   more than ever convinced that's right on target.  An anecdote not
   related to the Waco fiasco is that apparently the BATF screwed up
   some of the evidence in the World Trade Center bombing.  There's
   now an excellent chance some of the forensic evidence gathered by
   the FBI will not be admissible in court.  This is not hearsay.  I
   was told this by a relative of my wife's who happens to be an FBI
   agent.  His opinion of the BATF was, ummm, well, let's just say
   uncomplimentary.

4. I have *still* not been presented with one iota of evidence that
   the BD's had *any* of the alleged illegal weaponry which was the
   reason for the raid in the first place.  BTW, we're *still* hearing
   this justification.  AG Reno, on CNN yesterday, made references
   to this issue, without any substantiation.  She also waved around
   the "He's a child abuser and we heard he was beating the children!"
   flag.  Sigh.

5. A point re the Feds in general: their handling of the whole siege
   reflected a complete lack of understanding of the probable thought
   processes of the cultists.  AG Reno said they pushed the button
   because they were afraid a mass suicide was in the offing.  My
   only comment on that is that if the cultists were that close to
   the edge, what the hell did she think their reaction would be to
   an hours-long assault on the compound where holes were punched in
   the walls and CS gas pumped in?  If I were a BD, I'd expect the
   forces of the godless government to assault me at any time.  In
   that light, whether they torched themselves or drank Jim Jones
   Kool-Aid is irrelevant.  Also, look at how the siege was conducted:
   Bright lights, loud rock music, cutting off communications and
   other contact with the outside.  All measures designed to make the
   BD's feel more and more isolated and threatened.  This might have
   been a great strategy - if they were dealing with criminals.  As it
   was, it looks to me like everything they did fed into Koresh's
   paranoid delusions.




-- 

#include <std_disclaimer.h>

Dan S.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54309
From: paale@stud.cs.uit.no (Paal Ellingsen)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1r0qsrINNc61@clem.handheld.com>, Jim De Arras writes:
|> Mr. Roby, you are a government sucking heartless bastard.  Humans died  
|> yesterday, humans who would not have died if the FBI had not taken the actions  
|> they did.  That is the undeniable truth. 

...the question is: for how long? Even if the FBI had done nothing, I guess the 
BDs would have committed suicide, but maybe not until hunger and thirst gave them
the choice between sucide or surrender. 
The BDs was warned in beforehand about the FBI action. They HAD the chance to
surrender and get a fair trial. No matter who started the fire, the BDs were 
responsible for 80+ peole dying. No one else.

-- 
============================================================================
Paal Ellingsen       | Borgensvingen 67/102 | Tlf.: 083 50933
paale@stud.cs.uit.no | 9100 Kvaloeysletta   | DATA = Dobbelt Arbeid Til Alle
============================================================================

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54312
From: hrubin@pop.stat.purdue.edu (Herman Rubin)
Subject: Re: Gritz/JBS/Liberty Lobby/LaRouche/Christic Insitute/Libertarian/....

In article <1993Apr17.082102.4155@ccsvax.sfasu.edu> f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu writes:
>In article <KCKLUGE.93Apr16155756@krusty.eecs.umich.edu>, kckluge@eecs.umich.edu (Karl Kluge) writes:

>> 
>> ...and I'm sure that people who were big fans of fuedalism pissed and
>> moaned about the emergence of the modern nation-state. Imagine, the King
>> allowing serfs their freedom if they could live in the city for a year!
>> Times change, technology changes, viable forms of social organization
>> change. While concerns about preserving Western notions of civil liberties
>> in the face of cultures with very different values is a valid one, it's
>> a waste of effort to try to turn back the tide. It's much smarter to focus
>> on trying to make sure that the emerging forms of social organization are

>
>	Your response is yet another sign of the trend towards One World
>Government.  Many people such as yourself, who are otherwise probably
>likeable and intelligent, show every sign of having been successfully
>brainwashed.  You don't recognize that your "inevitable tide" is rolling
>into chaos and in no way represents an advance for civilization.  Some
>of us do indeed "lament the passing of old forms", such as the Bill of
>Rights, which are indeed inalienable rights of man that cannot be
>changed, transferred or surrendered...rights of man that far transcend

>
>	Yes, Napoleon wanted a Grand New Order.  Hitler wanted a
>Thousand Year Reich.  Lenin knew that Bolshevism would give us the
>Universal New Man.  The New World Order is just so much of the same
>old tired garbage.  The pathetic part is that so many Americans seem

"Put not your trust in princes" is the Biblical proverb.  The modern
analog is governments.  At the time of the founding of the US, the
idea that citizens had rights above those of the government was not
that common, but was explicit in the writings of the founders.  To a
considerable extent, Englishmen also had those rights.

Yes, times change, and technology changes.  The possibility of 
a few governments enserfing all of mankind was not possible until
quite recently.  In the feudal system, the lord was almost as
restricted as the serfs, so having the people enserf themselves
does not make anything better; most feudal lords, and even most
slaveowners, did not mistreat those under them.

Freedom of speech and freedom of religion are under real attack NOW.

-- 
Herman Rubin, Dept. of Statistics, Purdue Univ., West Lafayette IN47907-1399
Phone: (317)494-6054
hrubin@snap.stat.purdue.edu (Internet, bitnet)  
{purdue,pur-ee}!snap.stat!hrubin(UUCP)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54313
From: jbs@rti.rti.org
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5rpoJ.IJv@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>
>Well they had over 40 days to come out with their hands up on national tv 
>to get the trial they deserved.  Instead they chose to set fire to their 
>compund hours after the tanks dropped off the tear gas.

This is about the third person who's parroted the FBI's line about the
fires being set "six hours after the tear gas was injected."  Suppose you
want to explain to us the videotape footage shown on national TV last night
in which a tank with the gas-injecting tubes is pulling its injection tubes
out of the second story of a building as the building begins to belch smoke
and then fire?

Do tell.

  -joe

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54314
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Gun Talk -- State legislative update

April 19, 1993
 
As William O. Douglas noted, "If a powerful sponsor is lacking,
individual liberty withers -- in spite of glowing opinions and
resounding constitutional phrases."
 
The legislative scorecard outlined below resulted from subcommittee,
committee, and floor action.  Many important victories, however, come
from coordinating with legislators to ensure anti-gun/anti-hunting
legislation is either amended favorably, rejected, or never voted.
These quiet victories are no less impressive in protecting our
fundamental civil liberties guaranteed by the Second Amendment to the
U.S. Constitution.
 
  ****
 
Arizona - SB 1233, NRA-supported legislation concerning minors in
criminal possession of firearms  passed the House 36-18, is currently
awaiting action by the Governor.
 
Arkansas - HB 1447, Firearms Preemption Legislation was signed by the
Governor making this the forty-first state to pass preemption.
Preemption had passed twice in previous sessions only to be vetoed by
then Gov. Bill Clinton.  HB 1417, mandatory storage of firearms,
amended and then killed in committee.
 
Colorado - SB 42, mandating the storage of firearms with a
trigger-lock, killed in committee.  SB 104,  prohibiting the sale of
certain semi-auto firearms was killed in committee.  SB 108,
so-called Colorado Handgun Violence Prevention Act, including a
provision for a 10-day waiting period, killed in committee.
 
Connecticut - Substitute Bill No. 6372, imposing a 6% tax on all
firearms, ammunition, and archery equipment killed in Environment
Committee.
 
Florida - A bill to require a 3-year license at a cost of $150 to own
or possess semi-automatic firearms with a second degree felony
provision (15 years in prison) died in committee along with numerous
other anti-gun owner bills.  No anti-gun legislation passed in
Florida this year.
 
Georgia - SB 12, supposed instant check with provision allowing for
up to a 7-day "waiting period,"  defeated in House Public Safety
Committee and sent to Interim Study committee.  Mandatory storage
bill -- SB 247 -- was defeated 39-15 in the Senate.  The same bill
passed the upper-House 52-2 in 1992.
 
 
Illinois - HB 90, prohibiting the sale, possession, manufacture,
purchase, possession, or carrying of certain semi-auto firearms, was
defeated in House Judiciary II Subcommittee on Firearms. HB 91,
mandatory storage legislation, failed in House Judiciary Subcommittee
on Firearms. HB 1550, repeals FOID and makes FTIP, point of sale
check permanent, passed out of Judiciary Committee by a 10-4-2 vote.
Presently on the calendar for third reading in the House.
 
SB 40, mandatory storage bill, defeated in committee.
SB 265, imposing a handgun excise tax, failed in Senate committee on
Revenue's Subcommittee on Tax Increases.
SB 272,imposing a tax on all persons engaged in the business of
selling firearms, failed in Senate Revenue Committee's Subcommittee
on Tax Increases.
 
Indiana - SB 241, Statewide Firearms Preemption, passed in the Senate
34-16, and in the House 77-22.  Twelve amendments were introduced on
the House floor to SB 241.  Among these amendments were a ban on
certain semi-auto firearms, Mandatory Storage, Trigger-Lock, a ban on
"Saturday Night Specials" (Similar to 1988 Maryland Bill), and
Handgun Rationing (one handgun per month).  All were defeated.

	[I read this morning (4/20) S.B. 241 was defeated -- lvc]
 
Kansas - HB 2435, providing for a 72-hour waiting period on all
firearms was defeated in committee.  HB 2458, presently on the
Governor's desk, HB 2459 and SB 243 and 266 all relating to victims'
rights, are expected to be enacted into law.
 
Maine - Funding for the Department of Fish and Wildlife 1993-94
budget, was restored following severe  reductions in the Governor's
proposed budget.  LD 612, an anti-hunting bill which included reverse
posting and 1000 yard safety zones, killed in committee.
 
Maryland - SB 6-(Firearms Incendiary ammunition) died in committee on
a 8-3 vote, SB 41 (Reckless  Endangerment - Firearms - Sale or
Transfer) died in committee on a 11-0 vote, SB 126 (Gun Control -
"Assault Weapons") died in committee on 9-2 vote, SB 182 (Weapons
-Free School Zone) was withdrawn, SB 185 (Weapons on School Property-
Driver's License Suspension was withdrawn, SB 265 ("Assault Pistols"
- Sale, Purchase or Transport) died in committee on 8-3 vote, SB 328
("Assault Pistols" Act of 1993) died in committee on a 8-3 vote, SB
682 (Baltimore City-Firearms-Rifles and Shotguns) died in committee
on a 9-2 vote.
 
HB 274 (Pistol and Revolver Dealers Licenses - compliance with zoning
laws) was withdrawn, HB 366 (Regulated Firearms-sales and transfer)
died on the Senate Floor, HB 374 (Handguns and "assault weapons" -
Advertising for sale or transfer) died in committee, HB 384 (Handguns
and "Assault Weapons" - Exhibitors) died in committee, HB 495
("Assault Pistols" Act of 1993) died in committee on a 14-9 vote, HB
496 (Gun Shows-Sale, Trade, or Transfer of regulated firearms) died
in committee on a 19-6 vote, HB 601 (Firearms - Handguns - "Assault
Pistols" - Handgun Roster Board) was withdrawn, HB 683 (Rifles and
Shotguns - Registration) was withdrawn, HB 945 (Pistols and Revolvers
- Private sales  or transfers- required notice) died in committee,
and HB 1128 Prince Georges County -
 Weapons - Free School Zone) was withdrawn.
 
Mississippi - HB 141, closing a loophole allowing felons to possess
firearms, passed both Houses and signed by the Governor.  The bill
codifies into law mechanism for certain felons to have their Second
Amendment liberties reinstated.
 
Nebraska - LB 83 and LB 225, mandatory trigger-lock bills, killed in
committee.
 
New Hampshire - H.B. 363, providing for reciprocity for concealed
carry licenses passed.  H.B. 671,  increasing the term of a License
to Carry Loaded Handguns passed.
 
New Mexico - SB 762, imposing a 7-day "waiting period," defeated in
Senate committee (0-5) and then on  floor of the Senate (15-24).  HB
182, mandatory storage legislation, was killed by a vote of 1-8 in
committee.  HB 230, legislation safeguarding sportsmen in the field
from harassment by animal rights extremists, signed into law by the
Governor on March 30.
 
New York - Seven-day waiting period was defeated in the City of
Buffalo.   Ban on certain semi-autos was defeated in Monroe County.
The tax and fee bills to be imposed on guns and ammo were not
included in the 1993-94 budget. SB 207, making pistol licenses
provides for validity of pistol license throughout the state, passed
Senate.  Currently awaiting action in Assembly committee.
 
North Dakota - HB 1484, granting victims compensation in certain
circumstances, was signed into law by the Governor on April 8.
 
Oregon - SB 334, banning firearms on school grounds and in court
buildings, withdrawn as a result of gun owners opposition.
 
Rhode Island - HB 5273, mandatory firearms storage legislation,
defeated in committee by a vote of 8-5. HB 6347, an act prohibiting
aliens from owning firearm; defeated by unanimous vote in committee.
HB 5650, excepting NRA instructors from the firearms safety
requirement, reported favorably. HB 5781, exempting persons with an
Attorney General's permit from the 7-day waiting period, reported to
the floor by a vote of 11-1.
HB 6917, extending the term of a permit to carry from two years to
three years, reported to the floor unanimously.
 
Utah   HB 290, reforming the state's concealed carry statute, passed
out of House committee.  SB 32, creating civil liability for
so-called negligent storage of a firearm, and SB 33 creating the
offense of "reckless endangerment" with a firearm, killed on Senate
floor.
 
Virginia: S.B. 336, and S.B. 803, requiring proof of state residence
to obtain Virginia Driver's License passed.  S.B. 804, which
increases the penalty and imposes a mandatory minimum sentence for
"straw man" purchases of multiple firearms passed.  S.B. 858,
allowing possession of "sawed-off" rifles and shotguns in compliance
with federal law passed.  S.B. 1054, making it a felony for first
offense of carrying a concealed firearm without a license (which the
NRA opposes until law-abiding citizens can acquire a concealed carry
license for self-defense), was defeated. H.B. 1900, increasing the
penalty for use of a firearm in committing a felony was passed.  H.B.
2076, requiring proof of residence to obtain a driver's license
passed.  H.B. 2272, providing for a referendum on the imposition of a
statewide three- day "waiting period" in handgun purchases was
defeated.
 
Washington: SB 5160, calling for waiting periods and licensing for
all semi-automatic firearms, died  in committee.
 
West Virginia - S.C.R. 18, which calls for a study to control
transfers of handguns and "Assault Weapons" was defeated in the
Senate 24-10.
 
Wisconsin - In a referendum up against all odds, the determined
efforts of the Madison Area Citizens Against Crime paid off on April
6 when a nonbinding referendum banning the possession of handguns in
Madison, Wisconsin, was defeated.  Despite opposition to the ban --
aired largely by firearms owners at a series of public meetings on
the issue -- the Common Council voted on February 17 to place the
referendum on the ballot, allowing only seven weeks of campaigning to
reverse public opinion on the controversial issue.
 
An October 1992 poll conducted by the Wisconsin State Journal found
57% in support and 38% opposed, with 5% expressing no opinion.  By
election day, of the more than 56,000 voters who went to the polls,
51% cast ballots in opposition to the proposal while 49% voted to
have the Madison Common Council enact such a ban.  The campaign
committee, spearheaded by the Wisconsin Pro-Gun Movement and NRA-ILA,
relied on neighborhood canvassing, direct mail and radio/TV
advertising to educate voters on the civil liberties implications
raised by enforcement of the ban if the referendum was approved.
 
Despite the surprising defeat, it is expected that the Madison
initiative's chief proponent, Mayor Paul Soglin, will attempt to have
the Common Council enact an ordinance banning handguns.
 
                Downloaded from GUN-TALK (703-719-6406)
                A service of the
                National Rifle Association
                Institute for Legislative Action
                Washington, DC 20036
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54315
From: bjones@convex.com (Brad Jones)
Subject: Re: Letter to the President

kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead) writes:

>the dismissal or resignation of Lloyd Bensen, Secretary of the Treasury,


In case you haven't sent it yet, it's "Bentsen", not "Bensen".

Brad

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54316
From: mporter@cis.ohio-state.edu (matthew dale porter)
Subject: Re: Reasonable Civie Arms Limits

In article <1993Apr19.223925.2342@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>A poster claims he 'always asks [anti-gunners] what they think would
>be reasonable personal firepower restrictions'. OK then ...
>
>Caliber : Not greater than 32
>Muzzle  : Not greater than 300 ft/lbs with any combo of bullet wt/vel
>Action  : Single shot rifles and single action revolvers 
>          Revolvers bearing no more than six rounds and incorporating
>          an 'anti-fanning' mechanism to discourage Roy Rogers wannabes.
>Bullets : Any non-explosive variety, HPs just fine.
>
>Now - these specs leave the 32 H&R magnum as about the most powerful
>allowable civie cartridge for handgun or rifle use. It would be
>reasonably effective against home intruders, muggers, rabid wolves
>and other such nasties, even with the firearm-type limitations. At the
>same time, this caliber/power limit would reduce the ultimate lethality
>of hits. The chances of the average joe encountering a gang of huge
>individuals all drunk and stoned on PCP and crystal meth and with a
>bad attitude and all armed and willing to die ... well, it's about
>zero - far less than the chances of getting killed driving your car.

When will you people realize that our right to keep and bear isn't
primarily intended to be for protecting against criminals and beasties
in the wild?  Granted, it is a big part, but we also need military style
weapons so we can fight off the government when they come to our door.
When ten agents come to my door, it would be nice to be able to shoot
all of them for 'not upholding the constitution to the best of their
ability'.  It will be a lot harder doing that with the puny weapons you
listed above.

Please read the Federalist papers for all clarification on RKBA.  These
documents have cleared up plenty of misnomers that friends of mine have
had.





-- 
Matt Porter       
mporter@cis.ohio-state.edu
mporter@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54317
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??

In article <CMM.0.90.2.735315429.thomasp@holmenkollen.ifi.uio.no> thomasp@ifi.uio.no (Thomas Parsli) writes:
:
:
:	1. Make a new Newsgroup called talk.politics.guns.PARANOID or 
:	talk.politics.guns.THEY'R.HERE.TO.TAKE.ME.AWAY
:
:	2. Move all postings about waco and burn to (guess where)..
:
:	3. Stop posting #### on this newsgroup
;
:	We are all SO glad you're trying to save us from the evil 
:	goverment, but would you mail this #### in regular mail to
:	let's say 1000 people ????
:	
:
:                        Thomas Parsli
And everybody who talked about the evil arising in Europe was labeled 
reactionary in the late 1930's... after all, we could negotiate with Hitler and
trust him to keep his end of the bargain... at least that's what Stalin and
Chamberlin thought... I guess they forgot to teach you about your country being
overrun by the Germans in WWII, 'eh Thomas?  And I'm sorry you consider outrage
at government excesses to be ####... Everytime the Israelis conduct a mass 
operation against a terrorist group that is actively killing their citizens and
soldiers, the world gets indignant, but it's ok for the US to assault it's own
citizens who were a religous minority and accused of sexual deviation and 
hoarding weapons... I find it real ironic this happened the same day Al Gore
arrived in Poland to recognize the sacrifices made in the Warsaw Ghetto where
the same 'justifications' were raised for an armed assault by black-clad troops
with armor support...  

-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54318
From: jon@atlas.MITRE.org (J. E. Shum)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??


In article <CMM.0.90.2.735315429.thomasp@holmenkollen.ifi.uio.no>, Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
> 	1. Make a new Newsgroup called talk.politics.guns.PARANOID or 
> 	talk.politics.guns.THEY'R.HERE.TO.TAKE.ME.AWAY
> 
> 	2. Move all postings about waco and burn to (guess where)..
> 
> 	3. Stop posting #### on this newsgroup
> 
> 	We are all SO glad you're trying to save us from the evil 
> 	goverment, but would you mail this #### in regular mail to
> 	let's say 1000 people ????
> 	
> 
> 
> 
> 	This is not a .signature.
> 	It's merely a computergenerated text to waste bandwith
> 	and to bring down the evil Internet.
> 
> 
>                         Thomas Parsli
>                         thomasp@ifi.uio.no

How about a group called talk.that.thomas.parsli.approves?
-- 
Clinton Administration e-mail addresses | clintonhq@campaign92.org (MCIMail)
    provided as a public service by     | 75300.3115@compuserve.com (CompuServe)
    Jon Edward Shum (jon@mitre.org)     | clintonpz@aol.com (America Online)
-- 
Clinton Administration e-mail addresses | clintonhq@campaign92.org (MCIMail)
    provided as a public service by     | 75300.3115@compuserve.com (CompuServe)
    Jon Edward Shum (jon@mitre.org)     | clintonpz@aol.com (America Online)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54319
From: hrubin@pop.stat.purdue.edu (Herman Rubin)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

In article <1993Apr20.003522.22480@midway.uchicago.edu> thf2@midway.uchicago.edu writes:
>In article <1qvfik$6rf@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> cj195@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (John W. Redelfs) writes:
>>Now that Big Brother has rubbed out one minority religion in Waco, who is
>>next?  The Mormons or Jews?

>The Koreshians rubbed themselves out.  Neither Mormons nor Jews have a
>propensity for dousing themselves with kerosene, so I'm not particularly
>concerned.  (Or shall we blame Jim Jones on the government also?)

I believe we still remember Masada, where Jews killed themselves rather
than being captured by the Romans.  While I do not agree with the
Davidians, I must admire their willingness to die for what they 
believed, which Jews have had to do often.
-- 
Herman Rubin, Dept. of Statistics, Purdue Univ., West Lafayette IN47907-1399
Phone: (317)494-6054
hrubin@snap.stat.purdue.edu (Internet, bitnet)  
{purdue,pur-ee}!snap.stat!hrubin(UUCP)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54320
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1993Apr20.142131.27347@rti.rti.org> jbs@rti.rti.org writes:
>In article <C5rpoJ.IJv@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>>
>>Well they had over 40 days to come out with their hands up on national tv 
>>to get the trial they deserved.  Instead they chose to set fire to their 
>>compund hours after the tanks dropped off the tear gas.
>
>This is about the third person who's parroted the FBI's line about the
>fires being set "six hours after the tear gas was injected."  Suppose you
>want to explain to us the videotape footage shown on national TV last night
>in which a tank with the gas-injecting tubes is pulling its injection tubes
>out of the second story of a building as the building begins to belch smoke
>and then fire?

I've already corrected my mistake earlier in this thread.  I saw a brief 
news report which led to the above inaccuracy.  I have since seen detailed 
summaries that show the tanks returned in the late morning.

So, why didn't the BD's leave when the gas was first introduced much 
earlier in the morning?  Didn't they care about the children?

Why didn't they release the children weeks ago?

>
>Do tell.
>
>  -joe


-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54323
From: wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1993Apr20.142131.27347@rti.rti.org> jbs@rti.rti.org writes:
>In article <C5rpoJ.IJv@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>>
>>Well they had over 40 days to come out with their hands up on national tv 
>>to get the trial they deserved.  Instead they chose to set fire to their 
>>compund hours after the tanks dropped off the tear gas.
>
>This is about the third person who's parroted the FBI's line about the
>fires being set "six hours after the tear gas was injected."  Suppose you
>want to explain to us the videotape footage shown on national TV last night
>in which a tank with the gas-injecting tubes is pulling its injection tubes
>out of the second story of a building as the building begins to belch smoke
>and then fire?
>
>Do tell.
>
>  -joe

Not to mention that the story was rewritten today. Those two BD's who
"admitted to starting the fire", forget 'em, they don't exist anyone.
Today, "a few saw someone starting a fire" and "our aerial surveillance
showed them starting fires" at this morning's press conference. 
Tomorrow, even this excuse may evaporate. A reporter pointed out
that a BD being brought to arraingement shouted that tanks knocking
over lanterns started the fire. Curiouser and curiouser.


-- 
 +   Wayne J. Warf -- WWARF@ucs.indiana.edu -- I speak for myself only   +
 |*Clinton*Gore*CIA*FBI*DEA*Assassinate*Bomb*WoD*BoR*ATF*IRS*Resist*NSA* |
 |*Christian*God*Satan*Apocalypse*ZOG*Nazi*Socialist*Communist*Explosive*|
 +*fundamentalist*revolution*NSC*Federal Reserve*Constitution*gold*FEMA* +

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54324
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <93109.172450U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz 
[...]

> It is kind of funny though how you were the only one who picked up
> the part about my sister being a social worker and keeping me up to date on  
the
> gang thing.  Everyone else seemed to just skim by that part.
> 
> Jason


I guess that just means "Everyone else" was mistaken?

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54326
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <C5MzyK.E7G@ulowell.ulowell.edu>, jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) writes:
>
>No not, unconditional, but "shall not be infringed".  Infringed
>is defined as:
>	To break or ignore the terms of or obligations (an oath, 
>	an agreement, law, or the like); to disreguard; violate.
>	To go beyond the boundaries or limits; tresspass; encroach.
>This definition implies the following of some form of existing 
>agreement.  Laws and agreements are made in advance. 

The rights guaranteed by the Constitution were considered to be
pre-existing.  The only agreement was that they exist.  Therefore, no
law grants such rights. Laws can only guarantee, protect, or infringe
such rights.


Websters Third New International Dictionary of the English Language,
Unabridged  1986

infringe
  1.a. to break down:DESTROY
    b. DEFEAT, FRUSTRATE
    c. CONFUTE, REFUTE
    d. IMPAIR, WEAKEN
  2. to commit a breach of : neglect to fulfill or obey : VIOLATE,
     TRANSGRESS
     vi : ENCROACH, TRESPASS

infringement
  1. the act of infringing : BREACH, VIOLATION, NONFULFILLMENT
  2. an encroachment or trespass on a right or priveledge : TRESPASS
                                      ~~~~~
  
Now, by what stretch of the imagination do you get your ideas about
infringement of rights?  

Al
[standard disclaimer]


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54327
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

>>The two situations are hardly analogous, unless you wish to make the
>>>dubious claim that the US legal system would provide equivalent treatment 
>>>to BD children that the Romans did for those of conquered rebels.

>Actually, all the analogy calls for the the Branch Davidian _feeling_
>their treatment would be along these lines. After a military
>assualt (instead of a peacefull effort to serve a warrant) and
>weeks os siege, such a feeling might not be completely irrational.


Actually, if I were one of the survivors and wanted to institute a civil
rights violation lawsuit against the Treasury Dept., I would claim that
the BATF/FBI itself was to blame for any mass hysteria/insanity...

without due process, the siegers shone lights, laser beams, multi-colored
spotlights, all the while playing loudly amplified music consisting of
everything from Tibetan Chant to Heavy Metal, and coupled with the fear,
the poor nutrition, the rampant paranoia, I'd say it was very likely
those poor nuts were made even nuttier.  After all, isn't sleep deprivation,
sensory overload, etc., part of the "new age" method of torture?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54328
From: PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU (David Veal)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>
<34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
 
>I will be surprised if this post makes it past the censors,
>but here goes:
>
>Monday, 19 April, 1993 13:30 EDT
>
>                    MURDER  MOST  FOUL!!
>
[...]
>
>THIS IS MURDER!
>
>ATF MURDERERS!  BUTCHERS!!
>
>THIS IS GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE, INCLUDING CHILDREN!
 
      Well, chalk one up for driving away sympathies by looking like
a paranoid lunatic.
 
>
>I have predicted this from the start, but God, it sickens me to see
>it happen. I had hoped I was wrong. I had hoped that there was
>still some shred of the America I grew up with, and loved, left
>alive. I was wrong. The Nazis have won.
>
>I REPEAT, AS OF THIS TIME THERE ARE **NO  SURVIVORS**!
 
       Last I heard there were nine.  Apparently as of this point they've
found no bodies, except those killed during the initial assault a couple
of months ago.
 
       Be cute if Koresh hit the trail.
 
       Maybe he was bodily assumed into heaven.  Wouldn't that just
make AG Reno's day?
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal  University of Tennessee Division of Continuing Education
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed\
When you pushed me down the elevator shaft\ ... Sometimes I get to
thinking you don't love me anymore." - "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54329
From: tmh@expert.cc.purdue.edu (Todd M. Helfter)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge


>Does anyone have any idea about the size of Waco?  I'm just curious because
>if it were a small town that may have something to do with it.  Possibly not.
>It sure didn't take it very long to burn down though.  I was watching ABC and
>it only took like a little over 30 minutes to burn down.

	Waco is a city of about 100,000 people.  The population temporarily
   raised to about 102,000 people when all the feds, and state police officers
   arrived.

	I tell you what, I stayed in a hotel room about 4 miles from the BD
   compound around 3 weeks ago.  I have never felt more paranoid in my whole
   life.  There were at least 100 state police in the hotel.





>
>>The claim "we had the water turned off, so the fire engines had to bring
>>their own" doesn't hold up:  If they had cut off the water, they surely
>>could have turned it back on just as quickly.  They just didn't want to:
>>There were some scores to settle.  Message to anybody else is very clear:
>>"DON'T FUCK WITH US.  WE WILL DO YOU IN..."
>>
>Not that I am one to believe that everything that the government tells us is
>true but if that was the message they wanted to send why did they wait 51 days?
>I think the message would be better sent by charging in there right away - not
>waiting for 51 days and pounding them with sound, etc.
>
>>A bunch of dead BD members are not going to be so able to tell their
>>side of the story, so now all we have is the story according to the BATF
>>and FBI.  Also, Mr "care about the rights of people" Clinton, or his
>>administration approved this action (FBI said 'Washington had approved
>>it').  They FBI said the gas masks used by the BDs have a finite life,
>>and were close to running out.  WHY COULDN'T THEY HAVE JUST WAITED?
>
>Well, there are 9 people supposedly alive.  They can tell their story.  As far
>as Bill Clinton is concerned don't you think he has more pressing matters to
>attend to besides some small group of people in Texas?  How about Bosnia?  Now
>there's a problem......    Why couldn't they have waited?  They waited too long
>as it is.  Something should have been done earlier.
>
>>
>>They gov is trying to say it was a mass suicide.  In the past they had
>>expressed this was a real possibility, but now they decided it wasn't
>>a possibility so they could go on with the raid.  Apparantly what they
>>feel Korash was or was not capable of or going to do was driven by
>>what was most convenient at the time...
>>
>>Now this means that:
>>
>>1: The public and media will forget about all this - having become weary of
>>it.
>
>This has already happened for many people.
>
>>2: There will be no investigation (independent or otherwise) or a whitewash.
>
>Very much a possibility.
>
>>3: There will be no unsealing of the warrant and related documents.
>>4: What anybody will know about this incident will be the BATF version.
>
>With the way our government is I wouldn't doubt it.
>
>>5: The BATF has just been given Carte Blanche for further abuses, with
>>   the effective support and approval of the Administration.
>
>Clinton said on the news that he knew about what was happening but that it was
>all in the hands of the FBI.  That is if you choose to believe the media.
>
>>6: There WILL BE more abuses, with no concern of Administration censure.
>>7: The precident has been established that the Feds can kill in quantity
>>   to achieve their aims.  Especially if the target is excercising their
>>   rights under the Second Amendment, and the rest of the Bill of Rights,
>>   and is a government-declared un-nice fellow.
>
>If they had rocket launchers and such (as the press and gov claims) why
>shouldn't they have done something?  What possible use would a religious cult
>have for a rocket launcher?  Also, is child abuse covered by the Bill of
>Rights?
>
>> : LLs and CLAMs will be pleased.  Dung Tsow Ping(sp) will be pleased.
>>   Saddam Hussein(sp) will be pleased.  Idi Amin would be pleased.  Stalin
>>   would be pleased.  Even Hitler would be pleased.  Any self-respecting
>>   despot would nod and say "Well Done, Bill Clinton!!"
>>
>Well, then there are probably a lot of self-respecting despots in the US cause
>I'm sure they feel the same way.
>
>>God Bless America - Land of the Free!!!  (past tense).
>>
>>Well, maybe I AM overreacting.  But I see on the TV as I am typing where
>
>Maybe, maybe not.  There are a lot of questions that should be raised about
>this incident.  The problem is, who will do it and be heard?
>
>>govt spoksewoman (the new attorney general, known to be almost rabid
>>about private ownership of guns - wants to ban 'assault guns' and just
>>about everything else), is saying the FBI had "amazing restraint", then
>>falls back into the official goverenment line about how the BD were
>>guity of child abuse, and were into it in an on-going basis, and so on.
>>Note that according to the Liberal Elite, giving a child a spanking is
>>regarded as child abuse (seriously - if it gets known, the STATE can
>>take your child away from you if you spank your kid).  She also is saying
>
>Which state is that?  The federal government  or an individual state government
>?
>
>>CLINTON PERSONALLY APPROVED THIS OPERATION - she "told him it was
>>appropriate and so on, and he SAID OK, DO IT".  Somehow, I am not
>>surprised - the people MUST KNOW WHO IS BOSS - WHO IS IN CHARGE!!!
>>And it is obviouly no longer the people.
>>
>It seems to me that the people haven't been in charge for a long time.  If they
>really were I don't think the government would be doing as many things as it
>has in the past.
>
>>And I maintain the appropriate response, as far as this raid by BATF is
>>concerned, regarding child abuse is "so what?".  BATF are not our Child
>>Protective Services Police.  Yet.  After all the BD had been TRIED on
>>that charge before and found NOT GUILTY.  The gov't people have pretty
>>much gone silent on the terrible illegal guns BD supposedly has, and
>>stress the "continued child abuse" (apparantly to make it a seem as sort
>>of a 'rescue' operation, figuring everyone hates child abusers, and
>>anything is OK to use against them).  Occasional references to ammunition
>>possesed by the BDs and so on is irrelevant: it is NOT ILLEGAL to have
>>ammunition (yet).
>>
>True but is it illegal to have a rocket launcher?
>
>>Am I having a vain hope that an honest investigation will occur on this
>>thing?  Or will it simply be whitewashed under the rug, and Business
>>as Usual will continue to be the Order of the Day in the New Order?
>>Who will be given the official title of "Thought Police", I wonder...?
>>
>>And if Clinton and friends have their way, (highly likely at this point)
>>the New Order Government will also have all the guns...  So what if
>>"1984" is going to be ten years late...  I think we are going to discover
>>that we will be paying DEARLY for putting this fellow in office for decades
>>to come.  Even some die-hard supporters are having serious doubts about
>>their Savior.
>>
>Shit, if people dont get what they want right away there is an instant problem.
>Clinton has only been in office for a few months.  Give him a chance to get
>something done.  The guy had a lot of shit thrown in his lap in the beginning.
>Give him a chance to work on things a little.  As they say - Rome wasn't built
>in a day.
>
>>Yes, I am UPSET.  I see NO GOOD as far as civil/individual rights to
>>come of any of his proposals/decisions for the last month or so...
>>We have really been HAD.  Or Bill of Rights is now nothing but a quaint
>>curiosity.
>>
>I highly doubt that it is that bad yet.  How about the Rodney King trial?  The
>two people who were most responsible got the axe.  How bad the axe falls tho
>is yet to be seen.
>
>>Anybody for impeachment?
>>
>Nope.   I would prefer to give Bill a little more than four or five months to
>solve the nations problems.
>>--
>>pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
>>         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
>>WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
>>         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien
>
>Jason - u28037@uicvm.cc.uic.edu



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54330
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r0v4c$i1j@menudo.uh.edu> HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)  
writes:
> In <1r0poqINNc4k@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com writes:
> 
> > In article <C5rDAw.4s4@dartvax.dartmouth.edu> zed@Dartmouth.EDU (Ted  
> > Schuerzinger) writes:
> > Well, it's now Tuesday morning.  Where are those two arsons, now?  I said  
> > yesterday they would vanish, and there has been no further mention of them,  
> > just the desired "impression" is left.
> 
>   According to KIKK radio in Houston, all nine survivors are either in hos-
> pitals or in jails.  Inlucding the two who allegedly helped start the firess.

In the FBI briefing, no mention was made of having the fire starters in  
custody.
> 
> > Why could no one else even talk to them?  Why could Koresh's grandmother  
not  
> > talk to him or even send him a taped message?  Why the total isolation?
> 
>   Well, it wasn't TOTAL, 100% isolation.  After the lawyer snuck in the first
> time, they (the FBI, etc) let him go back inside several times, including, I
> think, the day before the final assualt.
> 

Why not his mother?  Why not the media?

> semper fi,
> 
> Jammer Jim Miller 
> Texas A&M University '89 and '91
>  
_______________________________________________________________________________ 
_
>  I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
> "Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing  
System."
>  "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
>       ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54331
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr20.143255.12711@mcs.kent.edu> mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu  
(The Lawnmowerman) writes:
>Also
>    someone should have told David and his followers that if they can't the  
heat
>    then they should stay out of the kitchen!! (pun intended)
> 
This tops the cold-hearted bastard list!  Unbelievable!  Had this countries  
morals sunk this low, that the death of innocent people is so callously viewed?

> Flame off
> 
> " Aaah Daniaalson yah wanna fight,  fight me!!"      
> -- 
>  
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
> | Matthew R. Hamilton   | mhamilto@mcs.kent.edu    |      A.K.A               
|
> | CS/ Physics Major     | 1499h751@ksuvxb.kent.edu |   (The Lawnmowerman)     
|
> | Kent State University	| 1299h751@ksuvxb.kent.edu |		 
	     |
>  
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
> |                                                                             
|
> |                                                                             
|
> |      Look here for future advice.quotes.sayings.jibberish.philosohy         
|
> |                                                                             
|
>  
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+


--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54332
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1993Apr20.151131.8531@news.uit.no> paale@stud.cs.uit.no (Paal  
Ellingsen) writes:
> In article <1r0qsrINNc61@clem.handheld.com>, Jim De Arras writes:
> |> Mr. Roby, you are a government sucking heartless bastard.  Humans died  
> |> yesterday, humans who would not have died if the FBI had not taken the  
actions  
> |> they did.  That is the undeniable truth. 
> 
> ....the question is: for how long? Even if the FBI had done nothing, I guess  
the 
> BDs would have committed suicide, but maybe not until hunger and thirst gave  
them
> the choice between sucide or surrender. 
> The BDs was warned in beforehand about the FBI action. They HAD the chance to
> surrender and get a fair trial. No matter who started the fire, the BDs were 
> responsible for 80+ peole dying. No one else.
> 

This is, of course, your opinion.  I differ greatly.  There can be NO doubt the  
FBI at least shares in the blame.

> -- 
> ============================================================================
> Paal Ellingsen       | Borgensvingen 67/102 | Tlf.: 083 50933
> paale@stud.cs.uit.no | 9100 Kvaloeysletta   | DATA = Dobbelt Arbeid Til Alle
> ============================================================================

--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54333
From: croaker@highlite.uucp (Francis A. Ney)
Subject: Re: CNN for sale


I will add my voice to the (hopefully) growing multitudes.

I hereby pledge $1000.00 towards the purchase of CNN, under the same conditions
as already described.  I will also post this idea on the other nets I can 
access (RIME and Libernet).

We may have to organize this ourselves, so I am looking for help.

Frank Ney  N4ZHG  EMT-A  LPVa  NRA ILA GOA CCRTKBA 'M-O-U-S-E'

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54334
From: dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

NUT CASE PANICS!!!!JUMPS THE GUN ON THE NET BEFORE GETTING FACTS STRAIGHT!!!!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54336
From: oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham)
Subject: Blast them next time

What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.

The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use
more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to
do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they
must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.

With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look
at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country
of ours.

With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
to death 51 days later.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54337
From: mech24135045@msuvx2.memst.edu
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>, <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
> CNN is reporting as I write this that the ATF has ignited all
> the buildings of the Branch Dividian ranch near Waco, TX. The
> lies from ATF say "holes were made in the walls and 'non-lethal' tear
> gas pumped in". A few minutes after this started the whole thing went up.
> ALL buildings are aflame. NO ONE HAS ESCAPED. I think it obvious that
> the ATF used armored flame-thrower vehicles to pump in unlit
> napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.

Well, actually, the Davidians (Koreshians?) started the fire themselves, 
the last I heard ( around 15:00 EST). Eight people ran out into the feilds
surrounding the compound. All were captured and two admitted to setting the 
fire. I don't buy your napalm theory at all (although it would have made a 
great commercial for my .sig). Why the hell would they have a wood stove
burning on such a warm day?  Flame throwers use liquid petroleum, napalm 
is more of a gel. Now to further dispute your theory, the diluted CS gas
was inserted around 06:00 if I understood correctly. The place didn't start
burning until around 10:00 or 11:00.
 
> THIS IS MURDER! ATF MURDERERS!  BUTCHERS!!
> THIS IS GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE, INCLUDING CHILDREN!
> I have predicted this from the start, but God, it sickens me to see
> it happen. I had hoped I was wrong. I had hoped that there was
> still some shred of the America I grew up with, and loved, left
> alive. I was wrong. The Nazis have won.
 
Calm down kid. Vernon (Koresh's real name) said himself that he would not leave
that compound alive. The inhabitants thereof had accepted the fact that they 
may very well have to kill themselves before it was all over.

> I REPEAT, AS OF THIS TIME THERE ARE **NO  SURVIVORS**!

There are at least eight survivors. A caller on Rush Limbaugh today suggested
that the rest may even be hiding in underground bunkers. That's not such a wild
idea considering their weaponry and resolve. 

> God help us all.
> PLEASE CROSSPOST -- DON'T LET THEM GET AWAY WITH THE SLAUGHTER OF THE 
> CHILDREN!
> W. K. Gorman - an American in tears.

Sheesh! Get over it. I haven't heard (read) such ranting since the Hindenberg
burned. This should have ended 50 days ago. I'm glad my tax dollars have
finally stopped working to pay a bunch of guys to stand around and give press
conferences. Now they can get back to more important things, like catching
cigarrette smugglers.

			Troy
Napalm sticks to kids.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54338
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1r00ug$d60@btr.btr.com> michaelh@public.btr.com (Michael Hahn  michaelh@btr.com) writes:
>Pol Pot				100,000s Killed?

I've read estimates that Pol Pot killed somewhere in the neighborhood
of 2 million.

Drew 
--
betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54340
From: julie@eddie.jpl.nasa.gov (Julie Kangas)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

In article <1r19l9$7dv@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham) writes:
>What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
>had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
>compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.
>
>The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
>transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use
>more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to
>do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they
>must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.
>
>With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
>more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
>the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look
>at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country
>of ours.
>
>With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
>mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
>women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
>to death 51 days later.
>


Well, it's said that people get the government they deserve.

Don't worry, you'll get yours.  You'll sleep much better when
everyone with thoughts not on the government 'approved' list
is rounded up and executed.

Julie
DISCLAIMER:  All opinions here belong to my cat and no one else

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54341
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

In article <121415@netnews.upenn.edu> egedi@ahwenasa.cis.upenn.edu (Dania M. Egedi) writes:
:In article <1993Apr16.222604.18331@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>, andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:
:|> In article <1993Apr16.174436.22897@midway.uchicago.edu> pkgeragh@gsbphd.uchicago.edu (Kevin Geraghty) writes:
:|> >wrong about the  whole guns-for-protection mindset, it ignores the
:|> 
:|> Why?  If you're not a threat, you're not affected at all.
:|> 
:
:Aha.  That's the part that makes me nervous too.  Who gets to decide if
:I am a threat?  Based on appearance?  Would someone feel more threatened
:
Actions determine whether someone presents a threat... and I don't carry a gun
so much for people, cause I tend to fade if there are any about, but due to 
several encounters with formerly domestic dogs...  these critters ain't scared
of folks, and can get aggressive.

:on staying at and saw someone sitting there cleaning his gun.  Softly I backed
:away, and hiked another 5 miles to get *out of there*.  I'll freely admit it here:
:I'm not afraid of guns; I'm afraid of people that bring them into the backcountry.
:
I'd count that as a fear of guns... somebody having the sense to keep their
weapons maintained isn't as likely to present a threat.  The Army taught me to
clean any weapons DAILY, since they usually need it, regardless of whether 
they've been used... You'd be amazed how sweaty a holster can get, or how much
trail dust will get in it.  And I guess you'd be scared of me and my former
Explorer Post... seems the advisors were National Guard Special Forces grunts,
and considered it heresy to be out in the woods without a weapon... course, 
usually you wouldn't notice 'em... :)  They tended to avoid public scrutiny...

:Of course, that may be the way to solve the solitude problem.  Just carry a gun
:and display it prominently, and one probably won't see most of the other hikers
:out there, who will be hiding in the woods.  1/2 :-)
:
: - Dania
My 9mm goes in a hip holster, mixed in with magazine pouches (hold lotsa stuff 
in them), canteens, knives, compasses, and such...  Not so easy to notice, in 
the off chance I decide to be visible... I prefer not to be, since walking 
quietly away from active areas increases the number of non-human type critters
I see...

James


-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54342
From: William_Mosco@vos.stratus.com
Subject: RE: Blast them next time


>        #DELETED BECAUSE IT SOUNDS TWISTED" 
>With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed 
>more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is 
>the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look 
>at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country 
>of ours. 

 ##flame thrower on## 
 Well I don't want my tax dollars going to that kind of philosophy. 
 maybe if the good folks you are talking about are people like you 
 than I might be inclined to accept it. What does the batf do anyway? 
 Why don't we have a bureau for militant, paranoid, freedom killers 
 like yourself. People like you are more dangerous than alcohol, 
 tobacco and firearms. 
>With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with 
>mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few 
>women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn 
>to death 51 days later. 
 Maybe we should just have nuked the whole city, I mean, what's a 
 100,000 good souls anyway? 
 Get real, you sound like a racist.  I guess life isn't so precious 
 to you, do you realize that there were  24 children KILLED!!! 
 They will never get to fall in love, they won't see another sunrise, 
 no prom, no first date, no football, baseball no NOTHING.  Why doesn't 
 some people think first before they let everyone know how narrow they 
 are. 

 "Flame thrower off" 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54344
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5rynw.Iz8@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>And I suppose the FBI also prevented them from coming out with their 
>hands up while national tv cameras watch.
>
Watch from where?  Two miles away?  Far enough away that whatever
really happenned must be explained through the vengeful filter of
a humiliated agency that said (quote!) "Enough is enough."

>scenario that is simplest and most plausible.  I do not generally 
>believe in conspiracy theories that involve complicated and unlikely 
>scenarios.

The FBI sent letters to Martin Luther King's wife insinuating
that MLK was having an affair!  Again, please tell us exactly
how much you trust our supposedly benevolent government.

>The BATF is by no means devoid of fault in the handling of this affair.
>But to suggest that they may have intentionally started the fire is 
>ludicrous.

I suspect that there were plenty of camerapeople willing to
risk small arms fire to get some good footage.  These people
were told to get the hell out of camera range.  Why?

Drew 
--
betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54345
From: mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
>I will be surprised if this post makes it past the censors,
>but here goes:
>
>Monday, 19 April, 1993 13:30 EDT
>
>                    MURDER  MOST  FOUL!!
>
>CNN is reporting as I write this that the ATF has ignited all
                                           ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
I watched the CNN report and I never heard them report that the ATF started the
fire.  They did speculate that the type of CS gas might have _accidentaly_
started the fire.  

>the buildings of the Branch Dividian ranch near Waco, TX. The
>lies from ATF say "holes were made in the walls and 'non-lethal' tear
>gas pumped in". A few minutes after this started the whole thing went up.
                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^
From my understanding of the CNN report it was 6 HOURS after they started.

>ALL buildings are aflame. NO ONE HAS ESCAPED. I think it obvious that
>the ATF used armored flame-thrower vehicles to pump in unlit
              ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The track vehicle that I saw in the vicinity of the building where fire was 
first noticed looked more like an armored recovery vehicle (the type used to 
tow tanks of battle fields) and not an armored flame-thrower vehicle.

>napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
                      ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day  
in Texas.  It seems to me that it would be very poor planing to hope for a wood
stove to ignite the "napalm" when the stove would probably not be in use.  And 
I doubt that it would have taken 6 hours to ignite it.

>
>THIS IS MURDER!
>
>ATF MURDERERS!  BUTCHERS!!
>
>THIS IS GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE, INCLUDING CHILDREN!
>
>I have predicted this from the start, but God, it sickens me to see
>it happen. I had hoped I was wrong. I had hoped that there was
>still some shred of the America I grew up with, and loved, left
>alive. I was wrong. The Nazis have won.
                         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Right Clinton is in office.  (Sorry I couldn't resist, please no flames :))

>
>I REPEAT, AS OF THIS TIME THERE ARE **NO  SURVIVORS**!
>
>God help us all.
>
>
>PLEASE CROSSPOST -- DON'T LET THEM GET AWAY WITH THE SLAUGHTER OF THE CHILDREN!
>
>
>W. K. Gorman - an American in tears.

In short Mr. Gorman (I am assuming Mr. as a title because I don't think a woman
would be stupid enough to make this post) I don't know what episode of CNN you
were watching but it obviously was not the same one that I was watching or your
tears seamed to have blured your hearing along with your eye sight.

Please excuse any mispelled words as I am a product of the Arkansas education
system which Slick Willie of the "Double Bubba Ticket" has so greately improved
during his tenour as Governer of my great state (taking it from 49th in the 
nation in 1980 and allowing it to drop to 51st, how I don't know, and bringing
it to 44st and back to either 48th or 49th in 1990--sorry I can't rember the 
source of these numbers but they can be found).

Michael F. Rhein



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54346
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: So much for "infinite patience"

In article <1993Apr19.225700.3976@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca> j979@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca (FULLER  M) writes:
:
:So much for "infinite patience."
: 
;I find it hard to swallow that prolonged exposure to "massive" amounts of
:
:And they said that the bomb dropped on MOVE wouldn't start a fire, either.
:
:The real kicker, though, is the stated justification for the government's 
:sudden loss of patience: They wouldn't be able to "rotate their teams" 
:
:This outcome could be foreseen a mile (or two) away, but Reno didn't even
:
:Malcolm Fuller, Surveying Engineering, University of New Brunswick

The really good part:  "At this point we're not negotiating," FBI spokesman
Bob Ricks said at a news briefing about a half hour before the fire began. 
"We're saying,'Come out.Come out with your hands up. This matter is over.'"

Criminal... so much for Billary saying we won't force the issue... anybody
have the WH information number?  Figure ol' Bill could use a lesson from the
ROTC he scorned: "You are responsible for all that your unit/troops do or fail
to do."  Want to ask him how he enjoys being responsible for violating the
Constitutional rights of a group, resulting in the deaths of over a hundred of them, plus four Federal agents...

James

-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54348
From: v111qheg@ubvmsb.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

In article <1993Apr20.003522.22480@midway.uchicago.edu>, thf2@midway.uchicago.edu writes...
>In article <1qvfik$6rf@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> cj195@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (John W. Redelfs) writes:
>>Now that Big Brother has rubbed out one minority religion in Waco, who is
>>next?  The Mormons or Jews?
> 
>The Koreshians rubbed themselves out.  Neither Mormons nor Jews have a
>propensity for dousing themselves with kerosene, so I'm not particularly
>concerned.  (Or shall we blame Jim Jones on the government also?)
> 
>Be thankful that the BATF standoff at least got some of the kids out before
>the cult committed mass suicide.
> 

	Dont you believe that the Branch Davidians committed suicide for one
minute. I would not put it past the FBI to lob in some incendiary grenades
while they feed your their story. Don't ever ever trust what your wonderful
government tells you. Janet Reno and the FBI have the murder of a hundred
people on their hands. Hope they can sleep at night....

P.Vasilion, kb2nmv
SUNY @ BUFFALO
<<STD.DISCLAIMERS>>

"All you cult haters happy now? Just hope that your not next."

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54349
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

In article <1r19l9$7dv@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>, oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham) writes:
>What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
>had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
>compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.
>
>The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
>transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use
>more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to
>do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they
>must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.
>
>With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
>more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
>the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look
>at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country
>of ours.
>
>With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
>mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
>women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
>to death 51 days later.
>

Did you forget to put in a sarcasm flag?

Al
[standard disclaimer]





Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54350
From: donb@netcom.com (Don Baldwin)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

In article <C5sE5E.Coy@boi.hp.com> dianem@boi.hp.com (Diane Mathews) writes:
>Ahem.  See the War on Drugs, as sponsored by the Bush and Reagan
>administrations.  The precedent had well been set for federal agencies to
>step on more than a few of what people consider "rights."  I won't make
>excuses for anyone, but most of the damage had been done before Clinton
>even entered the race in '92.

Not to mention last year's Weaver affair.

Anyway, here's how I see the Waco affair; I'd be interested in other peoples'
interpretations...

1. Koresh and his people were basically minding their own business.
2. Some weapons violations may have been committed and I wouldn't have
   disapproved of prosecuting him for those violations.  However, I think
   the BATF was criminal for starting negotiations with a military style
   assault and for firing into a house where there were children and other
   noncombatants.
3. I don't see they couldn't just leave a token guard on the place and wait
   the BDs out; I don't approve of the tear gas approach and, if it caused
   the fire to be started, I think the FBI agent responsible should spend
   10-20 years in jail.
4. However, if Koresh's response to the tear gas was to kill everyone there,
   I hold him largely responsible for their deaths.

   don






Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54351
From: shaffer@achilles.ctd.anl.gov (Michael A. Shaffer)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

Hmmm... I hadn't heard about rockets. ATF must be escalating their
tall tails... anyway
>If they had rocket launchers and such (as the press and gov claims) why
>shouldn't they have done something?

Why should they have "done something"? The Davidians had not attacked
or even threatened anyone.

>What possible use would a religious cult have for a rocket launcher?

It is not yours nor the governments right to tell others what they have
a legitimate right to own.

>Also, is child abuse covered by the Bill of Rights?

Is child abuse now within the jurisdiction of the department of the
treasury? Attacking citizens without due process on the strength of
unsubstantiated rumors about a violation of a law which does not
fall under your jurisdiction is a pretty serious breech of rights.

>Shit, if people dont get what they want right away there is an instant >problem.
>Clinton has only been in office for a few months.  Give him a chance to get
>something done.  The guy had a lot of shit thrown in his lap in the beginning.
>Give him a chance to work on things a little.  As they say - Rome wasn't built
>in a day.

If he gets any more done we will really be in trouble!

				mike

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54352
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

Hmm... am I the only person that remembers Masada?  This isn't the first time
a group has committed suicide to avoid persecution/capture... and you seem to
miss the point that the raid SHOULD NEVER HAVE HAPPENED IN THE FIRST PLACE!!!
I find the FBI actions too damn reminiscent of the Warsaw Ghetto... fitting 
that Al Gore was in Poland for events marking the 50th anniversery of that...
Remove any references to dates and you have two raids by government troops
wearing black uniforms, carrying automatic weapons, backed by armored vehicles,
against religious minorities they claim were practicing sexually deviant 
behavior and hoarding weapons... Too damn similar...

James

ps: I am not advocating the BD's, I just find the whole situation too damn 
troubling.

-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54353
From: gs26@prism.gatech.EDU (Glenn R. Stone)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

In <2077@rwing.UUCP> pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto) writes:

>Anybody for impeachment?

Yeah, me.  Both the Slickmeister and Hillary's buddy Janet say
they're responsible... I want both their resignations on my desk 
yesterday.  I also want both thier butts up on federal civil rights
violations.... something which carries life in prison as a penalty.

Oh, and I'll contribute $20 to Arlen Specter's presidential campaign
for having the 'nads to launch the Senate investigation.

-- Glenn R. Stone (glenns@eas.gatech.edu)       ==================
America in Distress                             ==================
(flag upside down = SOS)                        *******===========
Save your Republic before                       *******===========
it no longer exists.                            *******===========

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54354
From: starr@genie.slhs.udel.edu (Tim Starr)
Subject: Re: With Friends Like These -- L. Neil Smith

In article <C5D05G.6xw@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca> papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod) writes:
}In article <1993Apr10.155819.18237@sco.com> allanh@sco.COM (Allan J. Heim) writes:
}>Look, if you can figure out a reliable means of keeping guns away from
}>bad people, while not interfering with good people, I think we'd all be
}>for it.  The problem is, the methods we're using now don't do the trick.
}
}Don't manufacture them.  Don't sell them.  Don't import them.

Japan did this.  It required near-total isolation from the rest of the world
for 2 centuries.

}Some guns will get through, but far fewer, and far less people will
}die because of them.  Hunting weapons could be allowed, of course, as
}long as they are big, and bulky, and require reloading after a few
}shots (how many times can you shoot at the same animal, anyways One
}assumes they are moving!)

Hunting weapons are great for extortionist sharpshooters.  "Send me money or
else I'll pick you off from 2 miles away."

Tim Starr - Renaissance Now!

Assistant Editor: Freedom Network News, the newsletter of ISIL,
The International Society for Individual Liberty,
1800 Market St., San Francisco, CA 94102
(415) 864-0952; FAX: (415) 864-7506; 71034.2711@compuserve.com

Think Universally, Act Selfishly - starr@genie.slhs.udel.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54355
From: starr@genie.slhs.udel.edu (Tim Starr)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

In article <16BAECE99.PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu> PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal) writes:
}In article <C5D4Hv.8Dp@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca>
}papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod) writes:
}
}>In article <92468@hydra.gatech.EDU> gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHPLEIGH) writes:
}>>
}>2.If Guns were banned, and a bunch showed up in south florida, it
}>would be 100x easier to trace and notice then a small ripple in the
}>huge wave of the American gun-craze.
}                  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
}
}       Do they teach courses in rude in Canada?

They don't have too.  Canadian culture is handed down largely from the United
Empire Loyalists who fled from the American Revolution.  Canuckleheads tend
to have a "cratophilic," or government-loving attitude towards authority.

Paul Prescod is right in line with this elitist bigotry and prejudice that
all my Canadian friends hate in their fellow citizens.  His sort of snobbish
Canuck have an irrational horror of American democratic "armed mobs."

Tim Starr - Renaissance Now!

Assistant Editor: Freedom Network News, the newsletter of ISIL,
The International Society for Individual Liberty,
1800 Market St., San Francisco, CA 94102
(415) 864-0952; FAX: (415) 864-7506; 71034.2711@compuserve.com

Think Universally, Act Selfishly - starr@genie.slhs.udel.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54356
From: starr@genie.slhs.udel.edu (Tim Starr)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

In article <C5D42C.88K@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca> papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod) writes:
}
}>  Drugs are banned, please tell me when this supply will dry up?
}
}Drugs are easier to manufacture, easier to smuggle, easier to hide.
}
}No comparison.

You, sir, are an ignorant fool who knows nothing about either the drug
business or the gun business.

Tim Starr - Renaissance Now!

Assistant Editor: Freedom Network News, the newsletter of ISIL,
The International Society for Individual Liberty,
1800 Market St., San Francisco, CA 94102
(415) 864-0952; FAX: (415) 864-7506; 71034.2711@compuserve.com

Think Universally, Act Selfishly - starr@genie.slhs.udel.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54357
From: cathy@LANCE.ColoState.Edu (Cathy Smith)
Subject: WEIRD SCIENCE -- by L. Neil Smith

Posted by Cathy Smith for L. Neil Smith

                           WEIRD SCIENCE

Everyone knows how to tell when a politician is lying:  his lips 
move.  What may not be equally obvious is that there are 
politicians and then there are politicians -- and that the phrase 
"political science" is subject to more than one interpretation.  

Years ago, we heard how "scientists" were worried that a new Ice 
Age might be coming, and later on that "nuclear winter" -- smoke 
and dust thrown into the atmosphere by full-scale international 
unpleasantness -- was a possibility.  Something like that may even 
have killed the dinosaurs.  

What we didn't hear was that no actual data supported any of this, 
that real-world events (the burning of Kuwaiti oil fields) tended 
to discredit it, that mostly it was propaganda meant to weaken 
values that made America the most successful culture in history, 
and that the dinosaurs probably died of something like the Plague 
when continents drifted together, exposing them to new germs.  

We miss a lot like this, unless we listen closely.  Prince William 
Sound, site of the famous oil spill, and Mount St. Helen's weren't 
supposed to recover from their respective disasters for at least 
100 years.  That turned out not to be true, although you'd never 
know it from watching network nightly news or CNN.  It doesn't fit 
their agenda to inform us that the earth is vast and resilient, and 
that nature is rougher on herself than we could ever be.  

But for once, the media aren't entirely to blame.  As ignorant of 
science as they are of everything, they trust "scientists" to 
unscrew the inscrutable.  The trouble is that today's "scientists" 
have agendas of their own.  

Nobody in government, that wellspring of scientific wherewithal, is 
going to offer grants to an investigator who states truthfully that 
there is no respectable evidence for "global warming".  The money 
and power for bureaucrats and politicians lie in mass transit, and 
they hate the automobile -- blamed as a major cause of the mythical 
crisis -- as a source of privacy and freedom they find intolerable.  

The same appears true of "acid rain", a deliberate hoax cooked up 
by the Environmental Protection Agency (which hates private 
industrial capitalism almost as much as it does your car) and 
foisted on real scientists through trickery which has depended on 
specialists in different fields not talking to each other much.  

The list goes on, always with a common, disreputable thread.  
"Ozone depletion", for which evidence is even more suspect and 
contradictory than for acid rain or global warming, is no more than 
a last, desperate attempt to indict private capitalism in an era 
when state central planning and the command economy have failed and 
can only find this final, withered leg to teeter on.  

Decades of anti-nuclear alarmism, resting on foundations of myth 
and panic-mongering, have failed to erase the fact that nuclear 
power is the safest, cleanest, most efficient source of energy 
known to mankind -- and more to the point, that the greater amount 
of energy there is available to any individual in society, the 
freer that individual -- and his society -- become.  

Honest studies on the effects of individual gun ownership and 
self-defense on crime -- conducted by investigators who began as 
ideological opponents to those concepts, but which show massive 
reductions in the latter to be the result of the former -- have 
been suppressed, most recently by the California state government.  

And what the media didn't say about recent EPA "discoveries" on the 
effect of "secondhand smoking" is that, although some harm to non-
smokers may have been detected, it was less (by an order or two of 
magnitude) than that associated with frying bacon a couple times a 
week or keeping a pet bird.  It's enough to make you wonder whether 
there was ever anything to the claim that smoking causes cancer.  

That, of course, is the real threat represented by politically 
correct science.  The world is a dangerous place.  It would be nice 
to know the hazards.  I've never believed smoking to be a healthy 
practice, but, given a lack of credibility on the part of today's 
science, how am I to decide what to do about it?  Nicotine is 
highly addictive, to that much I can attest from experience.  Yet 
the stress of quitting may be riskier than to continue.  There 
isn't any way to tell, thanks to the corrupting influence of 
government money on the scientific establishment.  

Two centuries ago, the Founding Fathers spared us certain agonies 
to which every other nation in the world has been subject at one 
time or another, by creating a legal barrier between politics and 
religion.  Each time some short-sighted individual or group has 
tried to lower the barrier (most recently over the issue of 
abortion), blood -- real human blood, hot and smoking in the street 
-- has wound up being shed.  

Real human blood is being shed over scientific issues, as people's 
lives are ruined through the loss, to agencies like the EPA, of 
livelihood, or property it may have taken a lifetime to accumulate, 
to diseases caused by toxins associated with burning fossil fuels 
for electrical power, or thanks to bans on things like cyclamates, 
when they die from the effects of obesity.  

What we need now, if we hope to survive as a civilization for two 
more centuries, is another barrier, a Constitutional separation of 
state and science -- including medicine.  Knowledge is valuable; 
real science won't languish for lack of funding.  The money will 
simply come from contributors unwilling to pay for lies, and 
everyone will benefit.  

L. Neil Smith
Author:  THE PROBABILITY BROACH, THE CRYSTAL EMPIRE, HENRY MARTYN, 
and (forthcoming) PALLAS
LEVER ACTION BBS (303) 493-6674, FIDOnet: 1:306/31.4
Libertarian Second Amendment Caucus
NRA Life Member

My opinions are, of course, my own.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54358
From: brians@atlastele.com (Brian Sheets)
Subject: Re: Constitutionality of 18 U.S.C 922(o)

In article <1qksp9$l39@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>In article <1993Apr15.142322.1318@atlastele.com>, brians@atlastele.com (Brian Sheets) writes:
>> and has no rights under the federal constitution. So, what I 
>> don't understand is how a statute like 922 can be enforced on 
>> an individual. So someone tell me how my government can tell
>> me what I can or cannot possess. Just passing a law 
>                                   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>> does not make it LAW. 
>  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>Sorry, but I really can't figure out what you're trying to say, above.

I guess what I am really asking, like I did above, how does my government
who is my servent, tell me the soveriegn what I can or cannot possess?

It would seem to me that the act of possessing a machine gun is no less
"criminal", by definition, than the act of possessing a television set. I also would seem
to me that it would be better to pass laws that say, that if I harm
or kill someone with the machine gun or the television set that there 
would be specific penalties for doing such. 

>
>> Everyone knows that laws are constitional
>> until it goes to court.

Sorry, I was close.

>
>Not exactly:

>"No on is bound to obey an uncontitutional law, and no courts are
> bound to enforce it."
> 16 Am Jur 2d, Sec 177
>      late 2d, Sec 256


-- 
Brian Sheets		    _   /|  	"TRUCK?! What truck?"
Support Engineer  	    \`o_O'    	 
Atlas Telecom Inc. 	      ( ) 	   -Raiders of the Lost Ark
brians@atlastele.com           U

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54359
From: yoony@aix.rpi.edu (Young-Hoon Yoon)
Subject: Re: Boston Gun Buy Back



>>Ron Miller wrote:
>>When you ask the question of the "authorities" or sponsors of buyback
>>programs whether they will check for stolen weapons and they answer
>>"no, it's total amnesty".
> (good point about registration schemes being used only for harassment deleted)

> I would also like to point out that this is receiving stolen property and is 
>no different than a pawn shop owner doing the same thing. 
> 
>  
>	Myron Petro
>	NRA, USPSA
>        DVC y'all
>	**************************************************************************
>	 The opinions included in this post are my sole responsibility.
>	 And are protected by the First Amendment and guarnteed by the 
>	 Second Amendment.   

If amnesty was their concern, they should pay in cash rather than moneyorder
and they should check to see if the gun turned in was stolen or not.
This way if a gun turns out to be stolen, then even if they wanted to 
prosecute, they don't know who to prosecute.
Since the only concern of these(HCI and the like) people seems to be the total
eradication of guns( legal or illegal ), why should they bother to check for
stolen property.  If they knew who the rightful owner is, then they would have
to return the gun and hence contrary to their intent to ban all guns.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54361
From: donb@netcom.com (Don Baldwin)
Subject: Re: Ax the ATF

In article <1r1173INNajc@cronkite.Central.Sun.COM> 
dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM writes:
>Even if it were a capital offense, the warrant was not even an arrest warrant,
>but a search warrant.  In other words, there was no evidence of illegal
>arms, just enough of a suggestion to get a judge to sign a license to
>search for illegal evidence.

It's hard to know what/who to believe.  However, the letter I received from
the BATF, in response to one I sent to Bentsen, said that there was a search
warrant AND an arrest warrant.

     don



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54362
From: whughes@lonestar.utsa.edu (William W. Hughes)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

In article <2077@rwing.UUCP> pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto) writes:
>I am sick, dismayed, discouraged.  And ASHAMED of our Administration.
>
>Anybody for impeachment?

I have already called senators, legislators and the Governor demanding
that the warrants be unsealed, and that all involved in this atrocity
(including the President, Attorney General and Governor) be suspended
pending an investigation.

I seriously doubt, however, that anything will ever be done.


Welcome to Amerika!


-- 
                            REMEMBER WACO!
     Who will the government decide to murder next? Maybe you?
[Opinions are mine; I don't care if you blame the University or the State.]

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54363
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1qvjh9INNh4l@hp-col.col.hp.com> dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff)  
writes:
> NUT CASE PANICS!!!!JUMPS THE GUN ON THE NET BEFORE GETTING FACTS STRAIGHT!!!!

I really don't understand all this!  I watched on satellite network feeds as  
perhaps 90 people died before my eyes, while the two Huey's fanned the flames,  
and the FBI stopped the firetrucks at the gate. 

Something was VERY wrong with that scene.

Perhaps if I'd watched RAMBO movies, I might've been dulled to the pain of  
fellow humans dying.

Thank GOD I still feel.  I'm very sorry for you who don't.  For you who think  
they got what they deserved.  Can you really believe that?  Even if Koresh was  
the sadistic mad man they said he was, did the others deserve his fate?   If,  
in fact, he was mad, wasn't that even more reason to believe he duped his  
followers, and therefore they were innocent, brainwashed, victims?  Is there  
any scenaro that justifies all that death?

And if not, it is clear that the deaths would not have occured if the BATF has  
not FUCKED UP initially, and now the FBI got impaitent and pushed Korech over  
the edge.

And that's if you buy the latest version of the "story" hook, line, and sinker.   
I have believed all along that they could not let them live, the embarrassment  
to the BATF and the FBI would've been too severe.

Remember, this was a suspicion of tax-evasion warrant.  There were no  
witnesses, except the FBI.  All information filtered through the FBI.  All they  
had to do was allow one remote controlled pool camera be installed near the  
building, and the press could've done their job, and would've been able to back  
the FBI's story with close up video, while incurring no risk to the press.   
Unless they did not want the public to see something.  The complete lack of any  
other source of information other than the FBI really causes me concern. 


Sick to my stomach, and getting sicker from all the Government apologists
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54364
From: zed@Dartmouth.EDU (Ted Schuerzinger)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>
<34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:

> I will be surprised if this post makes it past the censors,
> but here goes:
> 
> Monday, 19 April, 1993 13:30 EDT
> 
>                     MURDER  MOST  FOUL!!
> 
> CNN is reporting as I write this that the ATF has ignited all
> the buildings of the Branch Dividian ranch near Waco, TX. The
> lies from ATF say "holes were made in the walls and 'non-lethal' tear
> gas pumped in". A few minutes after this started the whole thing went up.
> ALL buildings are aflame. NO ONE HAS ESCAPED. I think it obvious that
> the ATF used armored flame-thrower vehicles to pump in unlit
> napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
> 
> THIS IS MURDER!
> 
> ATF MURDERERS!  BUTCHERS!!
> 
> THIS IS GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE, INCLUDING CHILDREN!
> 
> I have predicted this from the start, but God, it sickens me to see
> it happen. I had hoped I was wrong. I had hoped that there was
> still some shred of the America I grew up with, and loved, left
> alive. I was wrong. The Nazis have won.
> 
> I REPEAT, AS OF THIS TIME THERE ARE **NO  SURVIVORS**!
> 
> God help us all.
> 
> 
> PLEASE CROSSPOST -- DON'T LET THEM GET AWAY WITH THE SLAUGHTER OF THE CHILDREN!
> 
> 
> W. K. Gorman - an American in tears.

The latest news I saw was that two of the eight known survivors (not NO
SURVIVORS!!! as you so rudely put in all caps) said they started the
fire.

I won't go on with the things the wacko of Waco did.


--Ted Schuerzinger
zed@Dartmouth.EDU
This is not the secret message.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54366
From: k@hprnd.rose.hp.com (Steve Kao)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

Daniel Oldham (oldham@ces.cwru.edu) wrote:
> The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
> transports. ...

> With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
> mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
> women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
> to death 51 days later.

Is this a joke?  The legal way to serve a search warrant is to knock on
the door.  Tossing in a grenade to serve a search warrant violates the
US Constitution and is hence, illegal.  The BD complied with legal
search warrants in the past.  I do not understand why the BATF used an
illegal means to serve their search warrant last February.

- Steve Kao

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54367
From: gs26@prism.gatech.EDU (Glenn R. Stone)
Subject: Re: my reply to NY Times editorial "Dear Member of the NRA"

In <1993Apr20.004532.23086@husc3.harvard.edu> kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim) writes:


>as a legal gun owner, I must disagree.  Even when I don't see eye-
>to-eye with the N.R.A. on a particular issue, they are the only
>national group which has effectively fought for my rights to target
>shoot, hunt, and protect myself from dangerous criminals.  

One more time.

It ain't about duck hunting.

It ain't about lone perps on lonely streets.

It's about DEFENDING OUR RIGHTS from the *GOVERNMENT*, which 
has seen fit to ignore history and attempt once again to take
them from us.  They WILL SUCCEED if we don't do something NOW.

That's why I think the NRA is a bunch of WEENIES, because they
have FORGOTTEN that fundamental fact.

Pardon all my shouting, but there seem to be a whole helluva lot
of people on Condition White, fat, dumb, and happy, sucking that
glass teat for all they're worth.... Wake up and smell the cordite,
gang, they're shooting at us, and it's high time we shot back,
at least with our keyboards..... 

my two bits'

Glenn R. Stone (glenns@eas.gatech.edu)
fly your flags at half staff and upside down,
to mourn and protest the death of the BoR.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54368
From: VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: AMA Support Brady Bill

In article <1r044aINNh9f@tamsun.tamu.edu> dlb5404@tamuts.tamu.edu (Daryl Biberdorf) writes:

>The following was sent to me by a friend of mine (a med student).  It
>originally appeared in a medical discussion list.
>
>--GUN CONTROL - The AMA expressed support for S. 414 and H.R. 1025 (the "Brady
>--Handgun Violence Prevention Act").  Citing its strong support for the "Brady
>--Bill" in past Congresses, the AMA termed as "particularly alarming" violence
>--associated with, and stemming from, the widespread and easy availability and
>--use of firearms.  The AMA proceeded to comment:  "While we recognize that a
>--waiting period of 5 business days before a handgun purchase will not address
>--all of the difficult problems that have made violence so prevalent in our
>--society, we believe that it is a beginning and will save lives.  Physicians
>--are first-hand witnesses to the horrendous cost in human life being exacted
>--by firearm violence. A reasonable waiting period before the purchase of a
>--handgun is a protection that the American people deserve."  (Letters to
>--Senator Howard M. Metzenbaum and Representative Charles E. Schumer; March 11,
>--1993.)

       I wonder if the AMA has an exact listing of "lives saved" in 
Tennessee, California, and other waiting period states.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54369
From: chiu@io.nosc.mil (Francis Chiu)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

Daniel Oldham (oldham@ces.cwru.edu) wrote:
: What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
: had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
: compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.
                  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    Initial assault on the "compound" ( more like a wooden farm house if
  it burned to the ground like it did ) for WHAT?  Regardless of who
  started/caused the fire, NONE of this would have happened if the
  ATF can HONESTLY justify their initial assault and handled it 
  properly!  

   QUESTION AUTHORITY!
  
<SNIP>
: With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
: more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
: the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look
: at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country
: of ours.
: 
: With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with

    Show me some evidenence instead of repeating what the FBI/ATF
  told you.

: mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
: women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
: to death 51 days later.

    Then I'm sure you won't mind if the ATF or the DEA raid your house
  someday on a bogus informant tip.  So what if they killed/wounded your 
  family "accidentally" during the raid, it's just a fair price to pay
  for law and order in this country, right?  Answer this question 
  honestly before making anymore ignorant statements!

    What is even more disturbing than out of control government agencies
  are citizens who allow them to be irresponsible. 

--F. Chiu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54371
From: gs26@prism.gatech.EDU (Glenn R. Stone)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??

In <CMM.0.90.2.735315429.thomasp@holmenkollen.ifi.uio.no> thomasp@ifi.uio.no (Thomas Parsli) writes:

>	1. Make a new Newsgroup called talk.politics.guns.PARANOID or 
>	talk.politics.guns.THEY'R.HERE.TO.TAKE.ME.AWAY

>	2. Move all postings about waco and burn to (guess where)..

What does this <censored> from NORWAY think he's doing telling us
how to run the place?  I wanna know... somebody please 'splain.

Guess how NORWAY survived the Third Reich?  Give you a hint,
it wasn't by passive resistance the way the Danes did it....

Glenn R. Stone (glenns@eas.gatech.edu)
wearer of asbestos underoos

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54372
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...

In article <1993Apr20.050550.4660@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca>, j979@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca (FULLER  M) writes:

> Yet, the FBI mouthpiece at this afternoon's press conference characterized
> the quantity of CS gas pumped into the building as "massive", and speculated
> that after a few hours of exposure any Davidian gas masks would become
> useless.
> 
> Does this sound "not harmful" to you?

Hm.  A previous poster argued that the fact that the BD's did not rush to
escape the burning building indicated that it was they, and not any of the
government actions, that started the fire.  On the other hand, I wonder if,
with a face full of "massive amounts of CS," *I* would be able to escape
a burning tinder-box like that ranch house assuming my best efforts.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54373
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Waco, they did it.    ( MASADA )

In article <C5rtLJ.Aqz@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu>, wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:

> I can't see these people standing calmly around while they burned to
> death. Sorry. I just can't see them choosing a death as horrible as
> this. The story doesn't wash. It'll take some convincing to get me
> to believe it. The FBI said today that Koresh had earlier intended
> to strap himself with explosives, come over to the FBI agents and
> detonate, but lost his nerve. He lost his nerve for a quick, clean
> death but not to roasted alive? Sorry, don't believe it, even if he
> was nutty as a fruitcake.

On Ted Koppel last night, the ubiquitous Australian woman claimed that
Koresh trained the women (years ago) how to commit suicide by swallowing
cyanide or by putting a gun in their mouth.  With cyanide on hand, why
choose to roast yourself?  There are too many unanswered questions here.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54374
From: gs26@prism.gatech.EDU (Glenn R. Stone)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!


In <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> 34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET writes:

>I will be surprised if this post makes it past the censors,
>but here goes:

Fret not, you made it.

>I have predicted this from the start, but God, it sickens me to see
>it happen. I had hoped I was wrong. I had hoped that there was
>still some shred of the America I grew up with, and loved, left
>alive. I was wrong. The Nazis have won.

Not while we still have our guns.  <evil grin>  

Hey, gang, it's not about duck hunting, or about dark alleys,
it's about black-clad, helmeted and booted troops storming
houses and violating civil rights under color of law. 

Are YOU ready to defend YOUR Constitution?

-- Glenn R. Stone (glenns@eas.gatech.edu)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54375
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

In article <1r19l9$7dv@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham) writes:

   [flame-bait, pure and simple]



-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54376
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

In article <1993Apr20.083057.16899@ousrvr.oulu.fi>, dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas) writes:
> In article <1qv87v$4j3@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
> >In article <C5n3GI.F8F@ulowell.ulowell.edu>, jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) writes:

> >> The massive destructive power of many modern weapons, makes the
> >> cost of an accidental or crimial usage of these weapons to great.
> >> The weapons of mass destruction need to be in the control of
> >> the government only.  Individual access would result in the
> >> needless deaths of millions.  This makes the right of the people
> >> to keep and bear many modern weapons non-existant.

> >Thanks for stating where you're coming from.  Needless to say, I
> >disagree on every count.

> You believe that individuals should have the right to own weapons of
> mass destruction?  I find it hard to believe that you would support a 
> neighbor's right to keep nuclear weapons, biological weapons, and nerve
> gas on his/her property.  

> If we cannot even agree on keeping weapons of mass destruction out of
> the hands of individuals, can there be any hope for us?

I don't sign any blank checks.

When Doug Foxvog says "weapons of mass destruction," he means CBW and
nukes.  When Sarah Brady says "weapons of mass destruction" she means
Street Sweeper shotguns and semi-automatic SKS rifles.  When John
Lawrence Rutledge says "weapons of mass destruction," and then immediately
follows it with:

> The US has thousands of people killed each year by handguns,
> this number can easily be reduced by putting reasonable restrictions
> on them.

...what does Rutledge mean by the term?
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54377
From: kde@boi.hp.com (Keith Emmen)
Subject: Re: CNN for sale

If anyone is keeping a list of the potential contributors, 
you can put me down for $1000.00 under the conditions above

Keith Emmen
kde@boi.hp.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54378
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1993Apr20.163730.16128@guinness.idbsu.edu> betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz) writes:
>In article <C5rynw.Iz8@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>>And I suppose the FBI also prevented them from coming out with their 
>>hands up while national tv cameras watch.
>>
>Watch from where?  Two miles away?  Far enough away that whatever
>really happenned must be explained through the vengeful filter of
>a humiliated agency that said (quote!) "Enough is enough."

Please tell me what you think would have happened had the people 
come out with their hands up several weeks ago.

>>scenario that is simplest and most plausible.  I do not generally 
>>believe in conspiracy theories that involve complicated and unlikely 
>>scenarios.
>
>The FBI sent letters to Martin Luther King's wife insinuating
>that MLK was having an affair!  Again, please tell us exactly
>how much you trust our supposedly benevolent government.

More than someone who would not release children from the compound.

I.e., more than David Koresh/Vernon Howell/"Jesus Christ".
I saw lengthy excerpts from an Australian documentary made in 
1992 that clearly showed that this was a cult.

I am not pleased with the BATF handling of the affair.  I think they 
bungled it badly from the start.  But I don't think they are 
responsible for the fire, which started in two different places.

>>The BATF is by no means devoid of fault in the handling of this affair.
>>But to suggest that they may have intentionally started the fire is 
>>ludicrous.
>
>I suspect that there were plenty of camerapeople willing to
>risk small arms fire to get some good footage.  These people
>were told to get the hell out of camera range.  Why?
>
>Drew 
>--
>betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
>*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
>*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
>*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
>    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium


-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54380
From: donb@netcom.com (Don Baldwin)
Subject: A picture is worth a thousand words...

begin 644 outOfControl.gif
M1TE&.#=AN@*6`?```````/___RP`````N@*6`0`"_@Q@J)O-[XQ4#IYX::Z3
M9PUB4ZAY9`<NY59*:/!2L0C-J^W>2(>?[-C3Q70,6A`H9)&2OA=*ELQ)?RW+
MP3HT5F%1RQ%INGZNVMF4&WR0?4+>"OO!,-7(-SO,K#^I=2_<=J?4,QB(`X-V
MN)-X>+;C1^B&UI7C&#E)=7E&F)?9"?9X`OEH.77CE(*I!5KI^08H-I8PMC9:
M26HW"RLFN]LK>@NH1PN[UT>YQ,&ETL#[)#=BVO0<ZZ=VB7S=**D)!?G+\]M&
M%`[<2MY]$=[*JFW8V>6ZYHSZG6V.#DVZ-XS?[8*X:`@M6;SB;5M'<""U3VS&
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MTGT]+%:WZW&B]=*%2U.U2(3>*<)[FRUT68-87I>_N_I:3DF2`\/^UWLI1I^)
M_L:?@]D18E6AIMQ1A2F6T&S-074@3R+(%$5V]ODCDGI(I71:=_&)UYHJL#4H
M3(`U",?67N?A@B!A$:18FQ$%O;C%;B>!4Z$OF!!(8BF**:21?@8.J(1++A5H
MV&:118><=*PEEY^,$X)&6V;DL.B=@E)&.>1W[/&&TGL,;>FC<<:(R1]\C9'G
M!(.Y(1(-2,4YZ$]G5)H()7U!PHACBDQ5)I6<EH%YHD)P>,EDFF"5XV&&U=G4
MD'KV:*C@HW0-Y^<V%FY7(G?[04E,F_;DV>"??74*VF'7L4E=@N8IF1&5[&'S
MVW%^018<8Q)-8YT5KQ[G!IAIK"7A;KZ2Z%ELSUFZ_DI\RI)W47@6+:@HA`DV
M&DJ1ITK*:K,_X->K4=P"I!M@-5Z:#YV>*IDH9$%N.I^DQ>F)WFS'+E83<GEA
MB.I/)H4W)X>I601%I+PM9VZEPVXU+WA%FANP>U_86.>_CG(Y[KG<ZFO+*_RP
MVJ^6'!-,%#6S=)D/O3:^:F#"@9+\W%\W3A?AC,`@BF^U_";9\,+$+BMPGR])
MZS%S/&8YAXH2[ZP5Q#*&&Z.F8[);C,A0P3CUH&&HNZZJQ*#'Z9Z1Z@=KO7;A
ME300BSP+8K`7GPTMM@9=60Z[)_+<6L^IPMGOCJ7B[0Q-SB)-,=<4^L9,6/"M
M'6*]I)(Y<7VQXIIR3R4G_FY-5B+#K)G-FMV-VLI>#UXLC0I/;F;!N08>](:-
M2_=4EF.O&G3J3)YY,^H(&UOBAXP*FQUV`OJ5"NQZUR65D24_[C6#I(L-XIVZ
MQKLDN;1OF;OANB>)**>9.MPNDM,;&RVA>;]T\-RN?U^TSH";\FU^K5[7Y/7*
M_RF4<T[E$J;D(Y.)2\AAW[N9`0GN;M#C%?^X%S5W:()M<(D=D1*X'N)`2WH_
M`A30;J>HZ55I>/!26<5^!9C:X2R$WQH5?[03+E,QC&I#XY,!*Z<4>RTI:?LS
MTE7PQC\8BDI(QZ!.0T0TL_B!2WRE:U%7E,&Z"Y4F?'GP$/.26)+Y(5!>4FSB
M_ODL`1W&?<U"[0O(D5("CAGMBC3/RYE3=G*_,\8J:_B;UCXHUR[@=7"'-)RC
M#SL&P5J@$%D1&YWG("B_[FD1:!MYS\^&Y2X.;E%E'^M0``_904.A2FQFX-U/
M,$8?\`UF5V#KT<MZY"C@C<B*D&O$(Q>YA'LEXXJ)>1`F[V.W]!`1B4$13HZJ
M()]9GL^`BJ2;EM#'LQ9N+D#54UN^=B@:9$7#<X1B(Z[X8;]FH**-SGGAY1K'
MR#J6[UTMBV';.H2=^`&S#2SBG-%,IS/*G,9\BD03BJ!&H$:R,S>3>@44L2G)
M4NUM1(;@7>_DF3(*DJ$H]A-EYJ0YOQH&4!6G;,XH_L=&0_35R$RJ*6'&)CH^
MN0CH%+Q$&2Y?]QV!T/*>533=E,J7KEC:\V`T8QRD9&G16S2O'ERLA6W$2$#C
MI!(WB[G<-$TFJS)"CHYJ<J,9=>J8>39R@9($H[_V=D&4EDT>VSLJDM3I1POB
M,"WH.)/;1C5%A&)0H/OJ#=MF]=5)BE.!TS'E$R-Z/VLJ1X;&"X0$M[I!M![T
MHX.DW=HNR30=-?,_BA/L^HPHCD+!+*4@S:A'+[78>HY%'04=Z3D7%A;$B?2R
M3$7;*E=J2_WEL)IJS$5IU4C0,$5/:,W+GS2IJL&7LC6?:J-6'XE5NBQ"2IX^
M@YL@'4E(DQ*S9YP]%\[,_H%0ZU`P=W$B'&,X&,(*`==%YK,A'G"37+[P,PZ6
M]&#?D!I'2OE,5B4][KB8ZT6#M<AE@K,2/<DZ3A,I-FJZ]*U7WQ))MDIUMMX%
ME8;2:[3ZKBA?WC(N4/*81LMY\F0)[531/`FDU2ZO2O-R[4K0])$]=I5BARV3
M+Q\82T@6]S^'_&H_PI>I^!9ON\YM4^\"8^!WP+BQ)HN;`.O3)6C&58Z"RJWH
M>-C1U':RL@<4$A$?BZ\,?]"=`AVF?0%*18FNIX`)317G5/?(`2X3N)Z@+'OM
MMJ_H"D].W-C64`E;U%/R-+PAFY8.9:PU03[%B>"]B.8<FAD/[Y'`8$;N?.LK
M_CN5"@S*!*'Q\;`HPFT:3)6\Q>UF'4M"$VKQ>2Z2])I=6E<W]SBUK\4NV%2[
MK5,IH\Z?BW.FLTS>SD$YR>R@V4E=-59AMFZ%O]T?)4&%.4?Z-UE$$R[+&%OJ
M/SIYQ-?R78TQ&K.<&11B?0WH&C6MOQFV6<X&SFDU!!5);;+,KIBY"0GA]V%W
MP@/9EO5U8_!8R-6A6LF0OK.*VXMN$6ML14!4ZXM'O>-W:G4?U;PTCY?M;_SY
M;\':O;&#!WI1ZTE-JT,&\JY_[4"]I%>%A$FG*B4[V$D+[^(8?+C5\%K=;$'V
MT$4V]W(%/5,7JY"/Q_`T3P`=\#4CN-\R[S&#+TTK_H0KK1TU].$T;_Q&N4&Q
MOS4#EZ7X#%\L$_:F%?-XK9J\;>9Y>+Y)/T]2>EWRR$;=6EJC*>A\$W-HAMU_
M-5]VOGGZVK-/.^PTKM_VR.C@M'>3:-I4L'@SMZBOAQ2(LV9X!6?>;NI*EI:.
MUNF282U1/*,XD>+>I$DG;F^`1UOL!24MV<?NZ4X'7+MKI_RG\22F,H-R4M@.
MJK.1K.((L4_4K<ZU+>\Y[,-W6-=V5)]Z$X_7JDOX?]_LWLP#Y6>*=XWM,0>]
MP#&/_.33_/@N?[3EP2U\@W?FN;Q^>>\;*KZCR[YXZ`9IP'B-^)2JVL2*I^\S
M=E_8U%_=T+P/<%4G3%FY_O>SL\-/OMJ5C__\VW_YF;\\-R&L7*EV94`"7C-D
M-@Y702/4-$,45>`W*%Z%*7,`>U<5@5WS)>.3)]/'$JBF+0GX=]GW9]=63LTU
M.`*A?R?(?"C84Y)W?/>W(^LB%%A&:G>"1G5'.NK'8EWD5HN7+;*S@2)$1A/$
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MN'+P1(O;R(WZMQ/^]V]QAWTZASS8EH`^!8T(XB8`5B>K=H#.(H2^Y4<=PWC/
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M7?F-!\=\(!:$*!EH:2:"^\@A70240&>6`&EQ&!@]:>@>K:-4?K>$7-:,]'1L
M'WE]7T2!Y%(N/LESW@>6-/=,&[.87JF8-:>9-S)7<H>4B_,[^":-E51L&;1Q
MU@8R9W9D'&4G579>+Q1O;<.1#+6(RCEE@D!EUTD\Q+EHZ<>07>:2]L6"@2@-
MA`>.MZF%N0F+.%>9!?>4_DY'C&]2&C%%BI:9E^LD?<ZX6WRE,!VX'Y;HB_N%
M<M+I/>O5=;]48;9#F/$(@SM&),1!GN@YBPM&F_UV.]DEF;H(1YQXF<'HE!%)
M74L76>0WC?")>WP'2%^TG*VU=6A%>Y]S8:<SD>]7FN&D6X'4.2EXF'W9/VLD
MH86(<_<G6AL(DZ0$9-FYG=#'<AAYAU/W5O=9BJ(XERKYI&+)DCGYHM9)B<")
MA%"*HO=5GA^$H[[);^S)I4>JHS^:GBWH<D-:F8BT:2Y:9^#T7@P4<N,'0#D6
MI?TYG'\9@`88GPFJ5Q#RI?A)DLA`>)O(H(7Y>]43)Z88;!8V5]-F)RDG>=>%
M_H)+`Q+",E!+@WSJ.9[%=S+T,W09RE7.]W4V%F6C*1E$&&M>ZE@5)Y59FFH\
M29H,]7_#^)Y$M:*V"H?%R8Y3"52:!W"C)W5A*8N::G1BD0Z>ZHUCIW9?`BO<
M!*F*YT&M-TELN9FUAGK6.%5S@Y-]&IQ1=G[^V7%>&GM".3!/%Z#J)*XQ2C`#
MZ4+T,ZIA6*2ZV93(:J^QVJG8A6^CUJ_/2HL>6*N*&JD7%GEJ!6>_^3KU"6*?
M0CD-"(5SJHIH*I)[*9FFAK$4>#3P93$QPD)MZ9BBY((0&XXCNYY?N35I]*]\
M`;#XEV!;.:BDYGWZV)/`&D'#!FRLHZ)3.D]WX8#+_N`JK#D>XPB$C&A^KI>D
MU`IOZ8JF:?A>9K6LTVHYDR>(_0BJG@<^*^NOA>:R0OJI69BT[>>7=.@K]N9<
M!SJC([JSCB.@;\BNZ@JCA+2P$CN&@7J?R!27WMI#@_890+L+\=)\/A6V.!JV
MH6I:7"LY2/2RS:J"Q'J%&ONMF/BJ9ZM<X;E9G4FTR+FHH^B`PK5B34MRQ]E;
M9/NY<TBF:E:@>(N72@H40T9P]RJS)V:"LVF3FL:RSNJL1-&XA[NF<9JK!\N+
M$\1NIC*=0J.V!6NN*QEXN/<W,KB4]BEG<1:5RBMO?9<H@W>5=6ILEK9PMF.Z
MHBHNB(NRD`NJRMJL3J*X_FH:DV68<RPJ7B.XCDMFM!"1M[#3I3PI4Q'+JBUZ
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M*R\T6:&+F[OJJR_,RLI6&\4B/$`%EJT^2\N)6,4';&NZO+J4'&M/J8\/J"J(
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MBQET[&HQC$N_BXR6O@>I_D2;EO"(I9XHA.A-SN%:UK!K*R.\2`$)Q;5=N?3F
MDU(KIA+W?0IM:D8LT#,KTMMLBUS=W81(4/+GIU08>=JVU'\JO0S>>S<3@7;H
M?/H=UW+*OU(<8A1LVL2'PD:ZR?[(R3DZ<!!1>659BXZIT;JT98\JF@B>X+Y+
MTU[LS<ILVQ)MJ`Y=RY2]W?CHTS#'6SE\PJ"&V#>W5PW\>J&840T-M'QBG9=J
MU1Q\BTZ#(?0M;9]<XPKNXEKF5)FEDY3YD3>,H:BXV[C,M`E3-0\)A@C3=S0L
MM\P(O%=];:ULJ4V]*>A"Q1,7G\8*0(-;$0:)Y^2TP,U9O6S"JEU.Q%MCX`M'
M_M>L)\AQ+JV_;+%WO88VG'CJ:++]I8G!3+%I;'84[%`J"YJ%%WW?1J@@2;YU
M+K8WJKF:"UK&U^6Y.7J<P74'0M(E;>>W+96^^E*:+25C.>OQ*KTO:<Z<I.?]
M3*%GRE6AZIR_?;.3B#@X/+*3:N4_1YX4NMJN1LAJ3>B,WG\D6WIWF$\$J2>8
MX\O92V?"Z)Q&6<`W7EBC*W1\B*2+NN+,-L/YENASN>,F[H<G2MRV.WFT7N4%
M_V44I\7(UNLV)^Y6*Y?9;1_KRH82SAI;EXHAB?%U&=(97Y4-5,@!&91FV]Y5
M7HEXP.^(_%?T%N9.$O`I]J!>W=K0+-!9/(RJ>ANU_@>D3LRE2E0XM?600F[#
M!!B:S%VHT4F&TVO4A%K97-:&L<AIL@O81P4X:?(A=$[CJ;U\*=^FYD;?34J$
M]A*YX?Z[9I?LI7SJ]POD6F[MQ%7DICW2?HI#VJ*K1?V)98[GM_=I_3?`6^H[
M?$3:MLS5--[LQ%?HN4[O6,VZ.ORX`'.0>,)"HV%,AP[OO"F2%CG1LR+,$XXB
M/PW('.ZTI5[1JX3:(?)#<WRR,5F'A(RYW8*Z!#ZP!Z_-X!BM5AZ:^R;[ID[V
M.[]VCVCBZ+ZB@OL[.GN,M!;O/%TM&_V_G+WYK]_"9%YVZ=[JGC_W[YBM@"_X
MU5?8):N0;`:&H3;R[MWJ_GE/\#)Y:&&$LX8XXIP$J.S.2NA\S-D9\Z:?E".N
M^'!OY\M([SO*IN0;5^-*`('Q5",;(633T5,QT)MW_\'0$L6D,S>#5,G30M5X
MF2]:;O&[H?$^K#2L("?S8$AVR<EPF%D`ER;@E`F5P4;7Y[;8K"Y?S2Z%*N5F
MH^"M[2M,O]=.M/K'M+MS:6?WVK\8'P)KK.(*Z7P0$Q'Q>AA!'!^#^%*^SJ`4
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M=I.RV*26H_$\:]4:4*_HX$I5#`UQ93:>W*S<'&GQVT-A$Q$<)VV?QQ:E#4=>
MV%6FWW9_$Q-M3$@VDH:CD[V#;)=PQJ.Q@,>ES:9X_IN!A+'*O20][3;.'YU=
MY_JG6=2<3%$)32\IKTR!K)&]INJ.VVWX-1H'%HK:.^S<2@ZKB)'?D##NO,%J
M>^P]@>38Q3KB\K-IP>7$`TR[.99)\+1_BC'LDN^ZN=!#T:)+)SP1X6FNJK8B
MP0ZBD91K:*C5GJ(1-AD9!/$S!7=,L)\4TB%Q+]PB!*L4Y8#*9C2G-,2/0]T.
M'.<\]!X<+B0?*R0M.>]6LDU'UW@,R$0#S6ONNB$+J@Z/7=ATJ8X/S4G/"&Z\
M_$@WS#:BAJS4\H/LN(%8)#`OS5QKTZ'PI#SS3RHSQ-#/G7C3\DE(K<.0.R(=
M:=.]`.7[4K,EUQ+TN<=(_FU43D<?BO)%NN(<*X\ZI_NO2LY^PE/&H>[:9Y@"
M<[4RILKN4D,N8!4=\5;)`A1"0N$F%`O'[-:1PK.>M+G0I&<];9'*894DL$#@
MU-LMBV'3%)=/"NMCL;Y#M\JVU7.S/(V_:XTTZJ!2@;S34#5)S0A;!'LL,T=J
M?R444R.+K50Z`/7[=;)SA'6S8'>5U2-)=PPD,[0*)RV+.5W-,JNT55F*S5UD
M/G85P-[TG,VN@X^"]B(L1_Z4)X`)%ECA<N,%>%Q%G4W*YX;Q6J7@6J?KST'5
M3EY79U'DQ'C:/W/>%EWHV"JHY`'[(ZGD>6$5*5$M0>0Z:&;,A<IL%*'>:N2.
M_JD^N\85J4-2N$?O`)7MN']L;=&JG$45K:1M;#I:C=AI1F.R(XU[M8D+SR-R
MPRFW,^07*V8U+,#Y73RT(BC]=R%EELO1UH`U17UL9!L?4>AG3ZR2=3/KYH1/
MNNTS/&41,?ZK+\#N'9W<*ZNUW*W+*T_>\LP)*9Y6YX.U,'$!Q;:9"ZRY'.MU
M:@UFMSL-5[;YR5B%MW(NN3D_\A_[X%3>+>E!]ZU7FN\FLM.3PW9?__WY4ZWM
MS%%2OGQ1)GY).IVUD-4COQFP)0XJ$Z,2N+?"I&X[!PQ<68C7/OXE['-"XM4#
MC;4PH.5/1R3<X`E/"*]\-!`<N^,9XC#SE5K]"';B_GGAI<#BNHKP+((0Q`YC
M6O<N?=V0![:[7PK3YJT@1>^'`4R._93',A1.D8J>4I>=%E878G6/,7@;X<[4
M-ZK@$'!G*PR."WNX*>R%KBN+"M&6JE@H0(WB<P.SV@I;8T+PY,Z*<?0C_L"D
M+BW*3H[BZUD,T;6C[Q'RD%&B8)%"J!#NI2QA`=M0A*28JB)2$7YHDYI>@$>W
M<'QQ<C":R1]1F<JR:9)\O8%B&7V(/D-2J$--1%.D'-84EUF-C+63V.:NE<NI
ML*^4R0.B)V<6'5TB35K,TAM:Z+$Q54Z3FBC<",,>*1M.,0N&/*0#<L`I,^L)
M1H`,K!H4#;@3EV@0E,6D_MQSX/(MBA"R>7DD%/*Z%@4]KK*:_>3DK8H4(S/5
M8T)HM&$,*0D\T^2P>K,)UU,F@\N'#HU)-<KG$?=W,?)X2YF.K!>XEI:],Y((
MCE7<IS]1VK(N>D8J/A3A)0,G/5G6T''A!*&3?M@Y/T6LE=VAW6"PJ+6,GI)Z
M="P1WL9G3P;6=*##W.!)4QK5SF"0.;Y,FCX&R42$'LM6HFBA2"EEQ'V=K3I<
M5%*EL/71W`P.JJPZJT]X]4D(V?1ZC+NJ2[G*4R0B[7T.A:94J9FU4VTJB9RR
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M"H`F;8^@DXNB>V:OHNI=3ZD;.F-`[Y=DF#79?<[B0$MSY';3Y98BT3O2/BO;
MQ^U+]C>OQM"YGEFQA4W6HE-;.1'+KZ.F6K7/PKG4*[($S.Y4B9#<&6/_WB=0
M;JIT9ADMW3+;$+*T_NG4:,G""J:EWBR#7)4-_=Y]4UM[X/;FS]@CXW@#<L0<
M190N80H1\"WE;;U>I0DG_C)9A>N8C]-<Z_B"?>YR8:^V93W$,S,,S&4U&]LZ
M6+ECR-1+QNJV?B7-VA3Y\$&BJ3G2L90H=(J9$NYV>7.+`RR8M3LOV(JN%MA^
MDQM?:IKM?:;?&%8?M,F-;+&9_%PMKC?Q+*A4_M[INTDG=F<[5,#H^MKK6D^?
MTA=N/.YN]G]^YKC9A^KG2587@W2"^9S-EVJ.27)&AJ4ZP5M58)J#4<VS+?36
MQ^OM%D]ZW10[4\Q9RDX#JTV'<$V\Q..^&:%[3>VDA/NP^\H=>FG3[IAS(^&/
M"^?-U_G!HD0K^9C=Y"XBCM=@(EJ8Q"EY7%>3(NL;25$R;ON0R]WB?_YKQLF.
M_O>6H7+<T0KIAJ<J\]M?OWG*13?)_;=FQ/>RFS`E\LCS?6R4<[KY?F3C-?;"
MZ+T-.D]P@M=>^3(JO._SI-+'=(M8+[PD9W8,8HBX+Y;`JNSZJZJTC`'%:^_X
MJ@`/QLG>[G5&9Z?\2?^:KOV(8-MJPK9>I8^.CVIB!L>>9_E.KX2@;(^,!W=R
M1\L"K\>@"Y8.JWO(SHFZ9*LFCY=^#I+NI;RXZ7P"T-S^RP&Q9.AN053H3V5^
M3]WZKN/^JCWJ*D\23'*L4`1-D,YL1/584)L>2>J:<*$TC86J9^\8)0SY3-3&
MJ]68*=^`SZ&Z;^,\3OBHD/F@K^&^ST7\KO(&1T]P_J+6IHSH1.[D.J+1GK`+
M_<[E0M`'O5#\^.7PQNKOD&S1;,]0*&Z9FJZ9;&*(PG#^`JCZX@C4Y*40"R57
M+"0E0,P$5ROT@@GM-I`4<X`*&0:)B.ZYG(T/)8VF\JJY3([I[*P1>:L`QRX2
M(82IVNP1\6O)*,V+6,__^*GMU.G<EG`:R_!RG+%_YLCH?N/L(*:X:A&0NDS8
M^"[7M(48[^P3*;&L%N_-$LC\8D04^>T4<$@`MPJ&ID`=U]#>$(S`GK'$\C#G
M7(P57RSA@DSS7"^#:DS`#'(%I7$4(4^`5N_/WHL,O<L!HZO=T)$"&2^@E"_.
M4JX$5:ZV+"@>ZS"5-FX'_I]'[>8GN6A,((N0+]*/"!]-S+[L&[]DK33I[22P
M)=WLRA[2!;4O]CH,@,8JX`+JA322=!:L[F(NR;I*?&I0&(T+\$K+#^Z0O#J%
MRRZM#S40N\IQG2:/G<01"@O1-N9Q(CN(S!#/H]Q,G03NS4@2(@]-UHX0%0ER
M-X+(VBS%#2.1(5TM)QVR(35P)`4,T,XA$(WCH-XH%Y'N%DM2)HDIO@+I1L[I
M!<$K`<<P\HB+'2./Q<(,IXSEP&00[(8+[9A2"+WO_%2LRMSOU0*A=Y*)A'+N
M-,ULX+BIVJ;*+&%2/7"R#SULX>3P"K]C(2]P*2-G(@D.'KD,!H.,_%Z.Z>82
M_@'S\8X\B-M6DKUTZ"G;P-"L*9`*:!.YTU=,DRIIQ"*)JMCZJ"OU`]@@;9,T
MR""O<?,8DS*%#P!_<"/E!>E$I^L2KR_7!0BSJOM^21%_J73:0>PJD1/;3A<%
M)13M:V:THE?.,R;?X_>BCQGZ`FU(C\;$R#FRC?E,RV2(<P!Q<=;*8/26QZ_L
MLJ"^*?Q"#>@^\N!L\)+";1EGKL2N4[DZ[S"F)))@T:W(X$$YZ^%H#C&%"Z`\
M;<)\J^?N[A\_JCRI:Q!+%#+5LD3?4J8(L>1@DC\+%+MJ,Y]\=!?%4SL7U/'B
M$+DD=)X^JQ,-L*5P;B8^D,K^9]^P;`G/\-\NK]MX_M+I3BO:@%+2;NY'\V?_
M<+$="3-00XKV[`I)M0?W[&^6`O'O&,G4>*F0Z.Y`BVW*5+)1IA/VL+&MH$:>
M=&[,A.VXWC,@-4V"'@\+7;'X'N>=?@TEN7$$[PP4:V]158@B_^^\'O`2C7!U
M[,T"'77-U$A^>L=C0B4[OO""MLD/I[0;C=4?62TAU;,O-]-7EN40.<Y)"^M:
M835657!R=DRA?!,C@>Q*.Q7BON(H:U`+]='$V)61@I3$9K$5-56M$M(IWTIS
M2B@V(U45@[5HR+(%26<(M?7B!L]?@K$U;55*%Q,6"'`%R^V[UK/B&&K9X-#=
M4@19KZY\L`PU[>5!UZ98_A9HIFHRP$1T.$E68`^SD:#4*4?*^$!,!"7EIG)0
M3/$OZ6864.M3-UM1#*$K2<FP2VGK!HO,(H'2$H.1N#!5T5)62$U-*#,Q/IT5
M<CY5]C:U9E3*/<_P8,$Q`=$3.JGT[+!I*\>QZBBU82]35M@,-Z&.JOIS`X>2
M$"O3!J7VQ.9U1$]49M:Q6!'N39DU.,/,54M592LTTT3.2]Y/\.#RGZ022*^H
MU6C+&]FJ<3]/F":T8W4O$_GN)"-FX&8GLB[(70611".4]\"K*6E5/KT,1^_P
M830G4^B1`Z/T+_GT6Q_7<(\4('?O3<9L0!%RM`ILO:H1=55-,`CPPLZU0"&/
M_N7")W8?Q$@ATE6GCVK!YA\[]#/!-5_=S7J=]4=O<D.M%DBA-';8;U=&<:68
MMZ'4UV[]2S\7J1VYL$S#[G@9:R`#[1T9%0\Q:F)037"Q=:-$U2+\,4=5-VR<
M\/-N%_54L$[*S?]"576>*Q9?<TYV4/6T<GB+,K>,L=T:L#/;]RV=BZ2*=V?Y
M*1MQQ=B*-ON";MW\=U7J"#8=SCK7CD1!=/FHUGLST"^WMO%JU6LEX7<43V[A
MELE&>-*TB$O]0'BC[B'KD4Z#EUS,+E/-HXTXCTG!U#^.5+YR$!OT#P_K[@;[
MZ@GOSR49V(R?=7/[4>QTIM?&9&ZW1B'R*C3E`7/;_E!7T:^#/15YJT"G4!56
MKW*.5UB#0PZ-FBDKX`]J"UB>I#!\`NSK?NV,)9D;2_/KIH0/7Y.`G?A#",P,
M+\O@-#-C\56)M3AH:315_\]L0V6__E6H`+A-:^V*E5`)W2:3:Z*^?@<V$ZO2
M?C=$QW:2<VQ9]=*!*YA4Y[,:)^MLE33\=&TSP2\?E]>2EMA4T[4*52Y^B!>*
MHQA.,92&!]@4"5A4Z$AJ3/$[.959`PN84VIBZ>67]Q>VN!0A*VHZ2:W:KN^'
M-==:\!-IE52,M:V1U3!XV)<%@Y1P6[4Z9_A>8>PB?"/3(!D`(#JB)7JB(5J'
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M_J]GZK1WVY>$6'`[R2I_CE>3BFR$;);K:Y&E&J6WVHB:^[O!.[S%FPL)&SU7
ME*)3&Z?*.Z?'*+3]9J_W$J;C4@`7;T=Y&[U)*E`UV[3C]#&+6[/56@?/VG/H
MP[43^F41F+FI&K]-6[P=_,$AO+:YFXKOJ>H$&:SMAM)DI4CW&ZC:M:X'L[XC
M.[1S.RV]\L:>)BLW6Z9N=$?GU.'`658SVH$=F\0C_,9Q/,=#6G8;'+,[S.TV
M>R<OL)Y'?,7;>FJ\Z^KN-W=+/*T34VU1>[8;&F5__,CS&Z/'-Q^@6JF_\V91
M$,MK?,9U?,S)/,=#+;)O&O>.F`U/.SL;'+Z3&[B5_IL9K?Q4%%R?ZC.\^1&D
M97B0Q3Q[.1',JUBH`UN<%URT[T^_RWS1&3W,Q5S0V[RGV-O(C5S#W#NF9LVS
M?DS3F<J*2V_WQ%&'F9G/!]RH>B][!?32,UO%EGIOZR_2'7V_&WW6:3W"0U==
MX^+8]"W*>2IJ@YR:*[!B?[''PV6RX=L,-[S6_SR64['2_7JP95W0%:.UPQE<
M`G-B%;>CH5S9N;W;M7W27\+3T=S9D[0WA]TNTWK<W?*4Z=Q:^9O<X:O#;9S4
M%UN10;W.05QNF'S2"4:)"!R+[URK;]O;"=[659.3`5Q5X%SC^!NQTITO$:88
MSV\2(;`@:_J8_'N\V]C*_FV69:,=OX&]@)V4B;!]WG<<P!]]?`M^Y1O=W87)
M8LU5S2$9V2?0PN#<B#E5:(&EXN^4X\M8S^71I;+V\>+OOW4UK_M;3SF:G27<
MY%G^Z0G^`,W1TH%N@[-3:+-*WCMQYE'=LR<NR(^>W+_9G16[?6M6_4[:Z-<;
M'S=KY'W;J:K2Z:%^[KU=ZC%1WN5;P\>]G&Y^X2F=BJ]KFGV>TED]="W,P,F>
MJ]57REP1ZW[59^VHJ7G7GUF:NU<=TND^\VG=BB5;O7'+$L]2YOL:;@2_N7K=
M%U.XW'$0[[_/EC=1Q_V-U^DGPP5)]%:?0@&Z7K.=Z;^\R.4^\34_^+^];TH'
M_F0-#^5'T]@;U:J>5.*ED/8EF/!W[,CCJCG'G"C?'=.%+O0M/^*E/*_]F5$I
M[Z-!5?C-_[NE%O0W=O3W\A+;$K6/Z>_3_7`5WHL@=?[Q'9=5^^&OGW`&G\<(
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M(4%RI,E@5JA(N'D*%S(T1`D<0$EI1)WBQNY;N%+;,,7+Q?&<OG<@]8W[4\;/
MAU3C).;3U#"@-C9@DJ'[5[$D'W\Q=Z0P2._!P)="AQ)%9@J8*I=$<*VKR30I
MR961-+(B4R+=S(M>5G8;!<P54BE!ZX'ZA:_H#)\$C=I<=]'?0YCF?*I]U/'N
M3K1Z][KAQS$B-D]^;1X=Y#5;5L-XVL:S6%4J64CMR'S]:@HGT&$3^9JK03?D
M,2I8S,+M9*]O9T&J'SVU_I6Z)>?81$6*!:U-<DN`3<65EG6D-U:H*JE.]3'0
M'>5^(,F.Y`V+I>Q[=MOJ+DX:IT'FR]B2DJFXS1N/T<<W2U>8*WJ+^\)[*];U
MIDKX@B^A&2XN*NC)PY1'#GU?("Q8D$>+3J-A)%YM!2;T$W>*"/C:6K`-.&%Y
MUC6GQ'O"D00/?5MI1-A!'"+8RDW+<?(;1929EE(G$W78XH'S6<8<A=.M4=-@
MC\WW5EYR$7.0:8M)&"%%OF5&9(U).A+?8]?\LYM6^9%8F%.-K2=?=1]&Y&2'
M^LU8&GOMX:-@4$I.)R4DSFT$W%DT'7D;D#WR)">$8\IE)IZ>H7=E)H<)YF)&
M_M_YR66@]CEVHHA58GC@&&:485]94,74:&UUXCD+E,4%%A";BT9X(Y`T,A++
M64;VE">J#.*FI5MBU;=HFKS0=@QB&UF8C3PM$K?KE)6MJ"*4&;[:RZP;7I:J
MG`)6ZE(<7:XY*70[N95/73"T``Z=R&IKUZH8X=9>K&KZQXM[W7U['&2()8@H
ME7?1!NRC.5YIEI4Z2;HM,M,.4F)!.VX*("XCJE9MFWT.B1J^"1,4UVXZ=ENO
MIK=6:N"FP@;J(:#H1OJ627V4B..U=NX8RX\S647P;.4"!NF/^]A*:K;2!-S0
MJQ1;^A+*"L_9+3R%%AEN=Z8.6UT3AZJW944U8Z9T_D[).7T2T5:B:6Q8%NJ+
MKZBKB=?OE%(9T]IV1;4\],$ZFQWTG[8=%[6"_)83G)C7\3@8*IX>IMTV7C9'
M--*1?F&>2/"UG.K@0O;\9F*&SAFS7B&KN-F2!K^8\]D`/ZMIHG!*[!S@N"[6
M9-Q!NPKCY%;G'6]*I((*M-'!T$TNW%B7.E?1_;(GHM!<<W8W=#/7,CC9GE;N
M798?2=U;$[Z!_='?A/&=;IR&A^IR3E"/,.W#TT><N9B<?ZSS@];>F9NW/U>H
M=337Q7?F4D$R5CW,PW_>J[S!!;_T]QT5#_%V@2,?+/^>DSH654U6YCJ5Y+"T
M&=9Q:G:H\AVUI(2D>AS-_D$WB]S7HG0U\?EO3U6"H/P."+K$X`IO?!*>4PR(
MN;0Q"6UJHA>)O*0X$+K):^GYEV*(P[@!A2DU6>.@D&SHC!ZFCT_84M6?BM7"
M$+JF>!W<7Q1:L[D(EL^`+0Q>Z71XGH[]BH!56PVV<!2B5D3-1-C;88WJ4L$W
MO6\L-_CA!8>(,8204"T!8QKOU,9$HSQQCG^!50;OP[OV^>QY$M%AN/JF++OM
MIV,O"N3LU@@F6F70641,TO66,<`!>F&3=$02&(.X"!!"@UX?VAKZ-.27+F5J
MCU74G@G])HOW3*Q<@K2D4O07PP!NC(P!^M7&^@.J7I*KDK8J$J/^HZW4T<&3
M_EYT)D+T!$/PU()FN7)A'!M!.5=>+E-O.V"N8#<2]8#(>8P4V#?71:D5!>ED
M)D*E$WWT+!JI,VW+?-0M6,0"?>JN=VSTSK[$YK8>%0Z#>>3FXF3ID?T9R6*Y
ME-Y3K"B/K'RR;J3S62#!U`[YF&I@M&+HUYS4T=A)RX$\9"90HIG)?GZJ5MM4
MDCUHB%!,(M.;['I0V%XF.C$P+($415Q"#-G3RCB*F>ZTV!$39[S^70Y<LESB
MI<`B@HJ>Q*.@%-BHQ(>S@@V3E#,=3[$`J;G,B$9XS'+7-]8UTJ0HT654^8.O
M5*I0&#HJ=+6CX"J3!2"SHC$Z4E4!2CM)53U)KZ\-_CJL7TWZ59HB,)G*6V'M
MG"K"?>&QC5,<UB'15I6X)D>G5--0V,9F+D4Q;5Z]A*FNHHF*:SE3JV43Y2A1
M^\_7+E:@$169/P7IPD3:R92765Z<[A=%!:)D,D<=YVE=$[$=;+1,,;K7-:.*
MDI1:H[5PY(EH:ZL,Q6JWB$OU3S@-EMGY3;%\D,TM]_A5PC7QQU[`;==WDH<'
MRTA6N:]\:>.@H-JKL!81:D1L=Q&6W0`+Y79B[1S;CO58=6A,BFUM[&?A-]UG
MMA.0N"MI1AW"SE;13Y[<)0\T^ZN%_>JUL6DB<#5/1<?X,99"2J5=0\\C7TDM
M<I>/#(]NE&K3)^@-7N5`_B#>BGG))GK,N>-3<71A"DW`[I>?!`(PBIN(%U3N
M[E+)0U=8SWG,TF%&F845%V9QAYQG%G6+#PV9S#Z<YE>@$)*=&::9FDQB)W?2
MFE'>V9'6%^<]>VZA2&Y,:*,54&*:;I=SC6P,R\S%1?8QBX!:4%HV/&,#,_5$
M<6:*G$6<RO_>>;L^;BIL^8)?.6;XCP73Y<Q`M[T8F[=DE&SK+Y[6#YP^]GK4
MB]8W[_'I0?N0MDJF;C,U3>I1N_)Y]1S?D!5"[//5.+*/U.TI#7P\4Y_8=96.
MKT8U4T!<SK"LD-*PGL4+K67+C]SD+G8EVMMG@-EZQIV&R7N->.7OT=*<$%LN
M_H\4E;?.SLBMW90@RQQ"X3+F&9+G?C?"=>V)<"^,U^]V-;6]K#(@"RJXK2:K
MZ7+*P%D34-O0+J2UZWE*:MHZ?`4_[,'MO)"4HQ@Y%2888!I'TV)*S5_Q[/(9
MQTHH5@O7C!WH>"T-4Y^`R\VK:>EWM;MZY(0SW<Z*UA%J6!Y"-->1HY3%MLAB
M56]Z]A;D.S6NQQG]QU6PJ>@D_W0!/<PUJ3<=X?SVMF';#FXJ0F1^XD3PN-Y9
MV&K;DM#5:V>G',UM,FUW"/SN,RF3+??%`W2>@F:\-L%YQ^0F<-R!23`)%^3;
MP+'7>D@W]0I)8[^X&Q-8/D;[K:\*^=7S,>Q68;VR_B'\8J8BK8]K[>!I:>WG
MW&F[N?*:VPRQ`\Y(?Z['96\\[),/;^&37OE1/_.?U\+UL>=/A6U&]637R?%'
M:ZG#.N4RM^;9XXI3V?GF+_TQS_^,,%$,$$3/'W@':DLI=CV)`5ITWFOO>/J6
MW.'/I[VD?1Y_0,O%J!_C39*1&6!LE1:RO<;*$->%F!!#"1YV@-U0,<9/L</H
MQ=R@55!SN=P5$98",ITDJ=D(`A0`YA7W89-8T1M>G,;RY1LP`9V"A9?PM0[E
ML06'D<*N(>#^\=4)WIG2!2%#X-B4>=3T34^TI1):B5)_Y%#O[<>_]*"]M<T3
M*I8PC1=<-,KIN-?2$6'+_CD6&)82]*7?$S:8UZD:&]5=9LW*K$%-5"`%;J6(
M4ZG5X]F8<<A@C06?#Q84[+'=&)I?D'64!T5<C*0:'C90ZP%:(PG@QX5$.MF<
M\=@.\-G?!JK/WBR8E2FA8Z$,(&YB(*:,Q4'@Y$E??045)=X7M('%")U7KDT<
M]NV@E+7.\5E.'QK>_GUB^)D@)1(<PC1?*+J8I<E1!F8>*G)4SMF&"_J7#H[,
M#+K/`QZ.%IH6:?5B]FD%R(C?#R+2%X+5UPG0-,Z6.`;CV?3<6/F:]NP4I%D6
MU_50=OB4'L*AZ4U-$+$A$Y94T*5BJ1BC$,6C#[K/$7H7^="<*0ZBOZV=(K9>
M_NP8'3EJV"@&TS:*(8?]U+41H.4=D9]=US>:WL\%("?BCY2)UXWAF9@IE-7Y
MGAMFW.7QHG2DF")*&]PP)%!A816R2T.2FDWRW,7IEM51&0!.9%X`#^VL$<=,
MF$=.(03.(4&QU1VR(/HURS`ZXP\68E,67E7&%D_BEQ_.XOM0TDUFE42:V7IU
MXE"^)'25W[Q!'.)1(_P\3AEM7@.ZXQI:T`;-)3ZJ`NHQ)7X,6S<"HU79(!`1
M#]`YDAG`U55^Y5RZDTOYFR-BF%>.I=(XCDFA6<5AT2])55YB&2KZH5JVF<F1
M%66VX,EAW0UNSK=$'J)M%68M(D\1'RZB7?O0%PXA_B825J;CU0HN9HRX*1,`
MK1FAJ5`6JIMPZN9N@1Z3#=;*0<Z0)*#..:-:B1;;<=X\,,-G0!C=2>';S2!A
MIA]M8F,!@B#&T`WOB>3P94MH6A70G%,';-A&2:48D4R%R1><Q5U%]F6=1&9>
M?1`A6I"EZ>)2-B,,4F=K<E8`/IW'^:4!UM+QW:(LFF3T;.0">4\#\4ULXI_N
MU1_\$5G'C6/A-8Q>>2(2*HY\[N?<:='Y*)>`"A&#YN(S+DMW5LQ6?%]I<J'?
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MJG&@GTH3<3'HZ:EIKT&98U9:SX"I@[$GX&'I0.$><[*8D6*K:`K$-A59^9$J
M6"[H#9E9ANS>F:RK93IELS:<1"'@=K8-C$5/3%$E6K7J"!U>8RHH:.VH9T6J
M_HSU'YXJ'%WAFTQ:(T3ZHR2.GAC^3G&B9_7-JXU(XHR&W9:]FF8ID-+U7%*-
MU'I**3K5YG\PH#>.J+=PIK]$FKTD+/+!HJ-)WH_>IL2AA7^&FO+QJ0"-G\D^
M#F`^E]8L*R$NK.@UDHP>+(V-5ZGM+/7<%G+69K`6ZUX%&FI>ZX+)H7YRZHTH
MIE6:I>*M7S:1X#4&+3@Z4L=*;*WEH,6VG_F\86>%3IB5YZ`0JD\.!2)>!4LR
M:YJ=4)Z&;:T68[J`J021*YJBXR96K=P9;9,@G85"3BG6U+2>&!H>V,]:CPKJ
M:=2:#TM-+C4E%'K![*92;%S$H)*JDK?636S"H]!._L'<RJSLC""@HBWJ&>V$
M.FTLH2CO=A[AE=;R9"G%%23]B6"3(FA@NF2V)J1#AE=)_EL`@>N%8>RV]*'/
M?DG,&N']W*-=FET%MJBN\LJMQ>DN(M:Y,2?%&E:[`EBY0J'JYEL><6Y([:KL
M4J^HR8@V#N?)N%P'>ABGC2?5=I%'NE%"3NX9IB-"%JTF^FWYJAR:EDG#3A!N
MOA-2T<_(S2_C*J[]%A%LSJ.]-DT<W@OES*=O29C<)FD97IPXE2U_#FHU0>W?
M7C`+_^)OF>FW'<I#.ND&5V_:=J&:QA7'UMTNY"R)&B)[R="\*:7#Y*N?</"Q
MJJ9`&2DC4>0RDF))8$I4_NZPE=''[0JP^N`?QMF1:UX,V5'IYI)7*VGF7L;>
M&ALLIDJQQ6;L9'TCIZ*P2$UJ!&MQ8GVP[YGP&2OG;,(@^OQ8JA8FQW;/ZMP)
MZ*(O6)XB%",OI2*K"+9CZ"FCJ.JQ$`9QM&)FY-+H:&;=;&T6D'V)MN:=B?$8
MR@+O\38O1<EA<LXP*&I,NS0:?!D3)A<;JK;G]?;QR$GG<UUA(O:PK)E3*5[8
M]&FOFS6R5&[5U,4?K]"R^-KR+<^46\JC'P.L[RXE%F/MN!2SYA8F#4Z;)N[G
ML!+?ISHKK7UF*,*9-PO5QTYSI_DJ>*HMH&[J:0S8^&;E@/IPN[YBMKJ)JD(R
M_GF!9@:?8$6*7/3",#Q[8Q<#L99>,[$^7O;\)OZ2F34;*_9EM+$6-,D!)$,J
MM/W.YT*CVSQOJ^U>\ZSNU77N'@!U\&VZL[1-5$BJGNA&B6^.M(`MINJ!-$ZG
MZP`WM/5J1IBN])_5WC#SGY9=&V4^6U%SKW0LL;-B91%;Z3V?ZQOW]/W2<Q!O
MXZ)-K_QE'M9V]:*&\$>AL0.6V&&"ZI$FK@8;KR23HR`#<#/N(\JM,E:?;13^
M+NL^!XPDLP['*#_+[:\^%1W^+;/`ITJ3[IZ2'D<G)EZ33Q!6]0&#VI)"\%O?
M-6%6:4E[\%X[$+[6+2H7%;P\L1':]%U)<V/;*/GV_D7*22`@WTR7KEX&WDK?
MN7`D"30F#\=1F_2_2B&QIBB;4I^4NJB#KBJO9=E!QDRHIC5-"^LH[NU+\32(
M&3;YE36/LL352#<8YL$F_W`V=PK&K605*RTGR:+6ONHVK]5Z>:BQ9;$NU&6F
M7K`Z=R9N#P_AKF_SI?9=$]GI;+5AGC#R'"9,9M\'0@]XZ<NE&JY=F=4*FR;Q
M-"])6N35#:1=5\Y2,[@^R^]^$Z,)WRX?Y^5F_O%><W*$F5=`67:7IK%7:J;P
MOFQ+UC==8I=]:7>5S61PL]1Y739FHV3P#7`(<W,+KO`7&[(K'XY#/>#'5A;*
MVF)^"O6#6]-\>_99TWB-_BOPUAZX7]O7AK]17I]JAZ>6/9V:YPX7.,?G.,<V
M\Q9DJ%':*1.VFN=Q>%,Y@UBYV4YK-LD4C.^WAWMW@<_C8KN9,6O@HO8;'0NU
M_!+<'8OYQ(&?]Y*N=C/CX@2HCA/.(#?@BN-96V\Y5YXTY+J>=\ZVT]J=&<LF
MG5Y2ULS>=TEY$W/GD;KLID.J6_?N*R]6\=+)J7\R+&NZHV>N.J$D2)958NMI
M=].@+&/Y$L<K%-THI+<I&>N1-:ZVX,ZZ;>$MA-OUD,&1`>LZN'$Z/YOT'SO7
M/].SKVH.6%LZ7:?X,5XU-^?H:W/Y<)=WZL6Z;)QOI5YC'(G*_RYG<VN[PG;J
M_G>7[J'QEO/RX*!/]/5)KDV>RS&*]%PSL9O_#O8:"UHFJU3/K)QJ.6A?8;S=
MN0D.,;]W]')W,CW&VB*+C@?K<B*S=.XZ)IVO;D(YZD&AH.L1NCI#7K"N3T&C
MN81W+P)__(-S,5<W%:P=A2D!+6ZY6K('=W#"WU)XTM9XD8.:.JZ*=HA5O5'5
M$)>O:5;AL4H&<+/]9WQ-IL]'GL!Z.;>)9VF;3(&"6G'+I;,5X!0;Q^O98BLJ
MNDQ\X)*1N"O/^8MGO;077$]Q%YJ+<9R/?>0XS.\.(!].`S(/>Y_RW=&CL"[E
M<'%M4MRT%Q5JGF?\G-5WOM.[9D$1?HV_(S%S8C5'_N*Q?.;I&CXS,U`Y-<^A
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M])&T-4PDK3.T2B1L&#`@R(Q:KA55.8.@/I0E1U8CES(.D'U!>1F#R;)G.%_%
M)HZJ@/*<.ERYRF9%FU8M36'`CL9$:H4HN;%"YW:ZJO&GQ64,!Q(58^SMV8PR
M_D]6P^=4F@N>F.P6Y7J4JBNLV:`UK$KWEL.HGE0FMI;3Y%K2I3D:%EK3&P.E
M)D-6Q<M3H[T>@#U^E")8IVF=)9,^G`;V:\5VSH3,-/WVGK_(23_)E*@NFANQ
MGGE?QTZFV4U3_(Q#4G[/-;_)!GN1#V;535L]XO.&[^?2<&?@3:EI#BY;*[)(
M?N'"@@^GC@R)ZB-!(O*JE-`0/"D[!Q_D@KO<T@.OC$I<*P@)K(`BJ+^VN,GK
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M-E]]PX5Q)@ZWRM-&>`7U;\UN82N//W>^&=>)7-')-<%E]TQ+V!.[:3*?J;CE
M44"O?!5XI7U')AF>-<T#_E$U0`@-:M4257TQ4!35C3"ZPWH$F>"X3!:HW6]K
M/<7$?FXU5$3+:"XYZ5(-_@]F/VJCCB]CBQWH:"LS]*7:EBS.X2NF'%9P8HIY
MEE$[:[%^^>)7+<M,&Z.Y5CKN2@?FLVRZC61/8<>:RSD*:66>&?`:O69P,?PH
MK#@;N)^4[,:4B2S;'X`%S/!QN2_?-U@H3X6:Q*Z6H[8W#PEI^5<A%UN2K'2M
M0SQQ8;C^6))#G[QZRQ>56QQSW;&#KZ\B?:>RS$<H+5H_EN>-LD+3[13S0#<G
M%9GI=<W.<V@C_Z9-1K['8'=W[TFC%3;K14\42IIM\TG<W]U;WV^.Y[;!K!RE
M_LLM=^Y'O_^FY/VEG=\-T[[;]P1HJM<QB3/S`0KI,$(Z>M$.1-1:F?D@.#;X
MM:9!SL,06)!V.>_XCFK7"-_:6&&_`98P1AN+SY\T)BO(82-T(A3>;=A7&6FQ
M0V"D:HJ/\`.5]:#F=,":G#;P%:MXD`E])D2B?!H3M6<`#%X?Q%_RTG:[*4&-
M>+6KG.R6!S[HH4LS#G&<`#?UP'<)#D"_Z-X6D[C&53P1:Z3H6[;21RBZ/4XW
MNZE>U1HX1L^-2B)>/,QX0L;&8<U0C4K<("$5::GA<8M_V]N-]")XK/,$+VH$
M*YZ4$MDPM0@'CCE<71A)."17G8@0H[3)(E5)O03>_BN,4TN?VY:X-ELU4G24
M!(FVS.C'!=''DZ`ACGI6F:9A%M.8F<BC_MBSK1LM4'(%.Y)N)JFGUIV&D;/S
M)2`A>4SQ5?.8WTPB%$]EOBQ&DX5(>DTSW2C%TO&/@A`"$GT"R2)W6@Z<\;IG
M/K]7-/VY$U.F!%T0Y;BW#KE,0K5#)8J4THE'7?)?^H1H1,$903\Y:5O8.ED,
M\P88OMVP2VC$(P[1E2P$M>EZ6I-H2E6Z1O>U$X\*/!ZLY&A+2[Z1-<@49K[H
ME#U[?F>E/P6J&&'9SUO^$VTTG2G[DEI.Y*TS<QK<21K_D]"@5M6J:/D9`HU:
MMW/RJ7R,:FD]M2A#JC;J_I!IDNI5U;I6WC%)0@;[*"TUF3>C(72.QL);'^=V
MF;+NC*U_!6PG%?>Y)I)S'HH:GW<&2UBDT;%_*>UK8"4[V1G%;&(-U,LY!Y8P
MQ!:P<S%M:2RY2EG2EM:TX2+J(Y4:(.!EKYF:Y"B@^+C-T];6MJ<5)]O,8KM6
M/9.Q>.V<'F%9M9VE];;'1>Y*PQHPRG&.DPR+Y00W9U%O56\^R<5N=M7:2A52
M#J?6S:Q8R[=`9BI,2P0]JW;5NUZY[;&B%=UM#>/RPL4R\[K,E=K+;A@S]O;7
MOT+]''4/FAJ,6JV*ZAKO'?]40.7E-[+_A7"$UP*=@]GTO@D#:5<K&9N!MD^8
M_IO]D.>,*V$2EQB>^+4A29/Q/[7E5ZF]%2Z1SI*Q3(S8Q#?&L5EG5SI1VM2P
MZC.OY<"ZI`Y[$V\I[E:.E;QD1.K7E?#%)D/(6%?.!EA*/PL:3=:YEP`RV<M?
M/N-R':M:EKT6IPS#<I&#RS@M^M.\,`1SG.5,S-FNSX"A3>PRJ>A$-;TV913U
MZ3@C-V="%]J9<67N03_:.$M*E\%E)".+^4Q#1QK:TI<^<`==>&<_Q^:S(M9L
M5(],X`.GL(?CPW2JE^PRII+/@&?J;(7QJCRJ]?%IMZ$*9F>39E7WFL2QDF\6
M%4NON^TWH#+%,IZON.59<UFT>O5UM-7;RD2[4I9#_IS<0Z'XJEN'MJ<P`X^C
M66UC:9>;LE@*MCI7R]AE%]2<LHUQ+9$G7/K2&'$/-G>^5<E`#U?[U!E`6;/5
MK>>+'O79((;O7*478F,Z3]\/[X)3$^Q2ZG9ZO_76$UQUMCV#^L7;+93E/14+
M<9+7.,/V[9BBS?QQ74H:2Z'6<UVGFUG^7DO8;`13,$L.\5J+]]I,]+$X"^[J
MF#KMV6SNL>0&U>=!LQ1D0MMYM)E]RK&V?--\+>>H,UX(3UEXJ#5%>7G+K/1)
MAU.;_(WZI8==:K]MI]5(;F37#U1Q:5K;J5%,YYK16YRE;Q)S.QIYVJ6-\@T[
M&\I'C?)C&`[<GG7TU&VN_N2:&8]A62,QE%`7?*$/'WFO^WS1#-ZQE1/URTFI
MQXT)]R!=(<-AW7KO80OY=N9OK/<H1;K'<I>B^YI#U*-]/H-E-'W<>\:Q&0.-
MG9:_X,]E+^>OPEB(5^<CD35T874Z=IZ2XM5H=.G;MF%+RDOE\SX]"?OT+C^Y
MW9VDXT_N4-R<(,J'4O#T+]B:6[PWR6)57\#1"=O"[&XX;N\R\XLPRJ,F_&N^
M:ILFQWLKF,LF72&<%=HSM-D[+"*_&(.\OW,XV,,\`3R_JS,Z#&LB,@,@3M.T
MS<$L'5&62)F5K^L\X],_IANNO&NO^ANYV.-`Y**VF?(Y<#L\'Z(ZH$L]WW!`
M_C'1LO?A,>*;I0R;M9#:I<2!&T'SKAO$K1%LM5<20=X3,-S0F.*CGP6D/PM:
MP=^K.`TS)YO;B&^QMW<Z(S3YFBK#-RE4I+:Q0&"[/Z;K.I>:%^T3,`H#I>=X
M$\0K*E9+E:O1M0V<.#5<0Y0*#%+S(3B4+$130O8KP3J[+DW+%$"S1&#ZHB',
MQ%'#'@(LP0:CLO[CK<#)'4%K1$<$K.:CO$.\PIO;OBR<D^<CO[`IJ5WYO1U+
M-W*B-#LSL*S#L\!I.G#ACX]Y0U7<)PEDO$9#,=`)'?LC05AK/^?8H=_P-^D:
MLP93E+';NG<#L0%J*'XJ/V1<)83#)'4#0??`ID?2_L7?P4+H$94O'"DZC+EU
MDY<D_,8->ZGI>0>-LS)R!*K8"JBA:T;V>SXK!$*Z@SXP(3TPM"4ZM")\$L2B
M6SRF.48O0*5J++B+!$B2^<$W:T'=*\-K?+5,%$EB&#\PNCP)JD.]ZD00BB*-
MRC:_RQPP4DB.[,BEB3=TE#7[4T!)Y#1:?#7,\!HP)`S#,L>L41M(7+"7(S?7
M"Y1TS,E\HCYER"B+^C2/<C*K4SGUNRF'B92ZN!*OFZ(##,H@^S"Z(@R<[*05
M1+6I_*;B&3<4VKWM&SI,'$%*/(<[>!0BS*V@^S[)"S0C$Y<C\BNXS$EGHSG.
M4ZT]>ZLK]$)?N;TKVT3I_J@U'MRZ(:-"\3$VLL,+!4),<DS`G^LY@\3#A#S(
MU`(^ZDN'_-C!0AS$FUL]LJR2IH0VEF#+T,PQ@IJX('RRJB2.5XQ,)&O$/5))
M75.\"QRO<Q1,\/(L900<Z-+-J(NKP,M+U'PRCP$ZB(%%!'REFRD]K^PVW=I%
MK;-!F2DO0CS,Z2RY[F+,(DPQUAPPX>3.>;,ZJ=F,L#//BZ`O=^NF\<PJ7GP;
M_)F@W&3/<UN4ZE)+H5S+:-S*U*P+)RO,]@,X[IPY(4.Z`9/%%S.>L;JD_1G,
MG1C'`[VM[C.D[*2XIHI&^C3)G$G(B]JIC;PR@6.T2WD,UA$:C).KYKI-"350
M_A)=I.K\RMWS1EM8KI+,FO?S-_[+S).Z3XH$/G6LL+4#.YY2S_B4C;Y#*D0$
MTM*"KL;,0I%\QJ"<NS*=3`_32L.;18($J2/]S%_Y1D1!MZC<#_%<TS,9T/[L
MTD?,-,RD1]AD4*'<RUR<1>TLT$`4OGF#P9`#+_WK19D$4>ULO-;C.U)+CCU-
M1B,+O1XL2)^<3'_QU+\$QCYSN$B2(0Y=QBQMCYE432WEJ*X<U1:4U%/=FNQ<
M0$RUIL#\MTVS4\]#TE#=SFV+K30-U%^=R3P:R/[I3&A"IGRDL8\T3<S4'D!I
M(XRT4B[D4ERU'N\S41&\R>IZS$#U5(?B2E*5S:ML_C=]%,?Y<K4I.E,B[4Z@
M-%1*C46WRU93J\0U%5:*:T(L"DTYG"Y1+<Y)!<K<"L/ZK+V$!4Z[NM-.Y$E?
M)%84*B1`W"CH"]8V5;-WXSXX(T:0,]?&_+A;$M6.3$5[@L9PA5#=Z\(5;<8[
MQ$MC?:%;4\+_@3O;.[V#K%@63+_3O,X`RR1(?`5[TTL(U4<ZHU0!G#K0`TPU
M/4GG<DLBS:#A[,YM>[N`K32R:RU9?4B))9Z8U<%*RY@K2J:6Q3IJRA]_?4_<
MP[^IE1^Q],7VK,<3'=?(K!.3#%<Q1,AXG41)O;NZA=@D2[I0+,UA);B_;54I
M[4:[`ME=N]<S$U'?L]"D_KJ4N1Q3DG/5GK18^70;%HTC6.59D@S)@GVL9%NL
M_7O8"57.O$(?X"0/4+5)X</*#V4D9'7;=U38VONBI^.Q4R1,[?+!8X/(<X79
M"L366_753PI=-XO8)$U.;BL[]"O2=`0TGM7+X%5=LL1&LSU;-WQ0YV*X.&59
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MO?W$+UQ;U9LUS;TM5^.%SH2"VC8>P[O\82SDEXJ%U\T[H6$RWPZUVJ5%7]`E
MU+$DHD6639ZTW@WN/52MLNV,6YUAH3)K1Y5#34.^3M[;0)]QJPSVON0=RAYM
M&-ZD2QA3X^.#P:>,EK$E2N&]V\`MR4KFVQ(QY0R<Y,K[3@=S7J6T0-\"WC$,
MM2DN2UD<Y`E..C*\XO!U6">-+R]$3HJY7YI#8L#M_L4I6RI=7ICF#3;%'#@_
M)EMBTU?JW5T4_6-;[3<KEJ_E?+QT1<.--6/,)60#S+I&Q5D]O29M3LL"H]OB
MR^:(M#,QB])4C-04GLVR8A=_(M;^!=;%!63.+65(B]WU-;A+EF1:9E+5LYV^
M$^C\#=.5BV9H%J\Y/<$Q-KE;U<;]U:^.+L6:!ESGS=K0'>5;AH(R?=KSE#%[
M?F`9/>1)UL,VK,\&EF)P_4#&:#N6+M;5C6B,U<_A&^!PCL@XMDM@ON5YEM!T
M#E]W;1K+W-LQIKJUU6`(WEGBW.<415L]YK!-'M<Z/%BASN)?YF!YY>3!;5+,
M'=,*7+^!%=]5%=&9W4]._D;</^VMQ%NQ9C;K4JI68O;?LW7I:J$M=.55MF7=
ML5AH%_V1>^[&^[7DSVYIRVS;32U;ZI7K4JWF=G)#UW;!@0Y@;TU4_!VLT0Z_
M-;:^Z!-N>3A)FK92%R7`R_;`]#W43([J++XSCG9.2`IK$*W<=UUM$@S#+@1K
M"8KMARYD0Z+/#DN1W*4I@C3'C-KH+6[-0S7L+:P^N*XICRP[5*T'3HW@NGM%
M@O;F"*U@(%8Q-I[B.A-P2F9?!![FSU;2B_WNH>#KSOL;##I"9L-/.[2^43Y=
M]SU?]^UJSRQ:I8G?)4R2CW3GW_7@J/YK4T;833SPD_6N\>[K%2YP=C3FL);N
M_G\>;XX38TYMZ_SL%2:660\V0@+'2Y<5-1PG8;X&;B;THY?69[12[`+\5@K%
M;+K^Z^AN$!Y]Y\R>K1MN94!^:NV>X2W_:.P67D"$Z,!C16N4;7(&:8';U9N-
MXR7]P?NZZDY3/!P&EZ\FV`#DSYB#5UB62U?VW__N;W(%[$@^TH45TJ:MX+V.
M\1:]6,#\9THW$5)`P><A7WYK9ZH>Z3B'/(,EZY6-1=6V<]QQ)EFNZX!A<2B=
M$6Q]O.?L8_>+]!;?RAHOU&81<V-.V5->\=JU=<^MY^+]U"B^[32>YZ-464TO
MO98<S>3T5NYE]#Y'2`!D[SD%Y35&\V.?5I&(6(,V_MJ.&^KO-'(G1FX5;BK6
M7N^5,'0V9G`&_>AVE_="?^%V$W9E9%ID_O+NB#Z-!:W-I+=4WEHW5?`0EG6G
MG6\CC,#[N1=57L]/5C_0Y%PM+&('M69AOOA@G_#LAG&AGO<<IV<RG?,ZPF*,
M1KO\'+_F007GZR'C%,@;9UYKSV,3_\DWNCCJD%,5DY3DXU5>EW"4-W;"\[@*
MIV*!QW=J+G92+^WN_GCK@G0?QW(4_WBGUFF-=_$'+UH^EL$4/QP,LMWZK4*C
M.\V(3]C?>GF2!-/@7=[-B%!U#CX$O_KO:N2;?^,.K_6I_]5VAWMZ!_#_5?=Z
MMWJ-7VKD1=CK9>)L-^VN_O>E+FIJU/WN</ZZ_G9Q3;;XJ2[BJ/5TR)9Y-@'Z
MI]=J\M9PN=7C%IUV;Y8[JC=TOYYF[=MKME_WP)=W'M_Q._?HD53V!_T17.Q<
MPV%WL%U--`7^F;;IOVQ'Z);1XZ6GONGANHSZ+@;3/>'?N9;,L79=6"4]E53^
M&<_IO1]MU?=^0VUZC/])DQ==JL?]=;;8Z&7S'!JILUO&!DU0.1ZJ#:=_ZT;H
MTE=*C)=7@V>*$)S0N24`)):XVLX0I28GI`]8??OV76@L(%:*THE]9JN@V=&J
ML!C/;)1[;L5L'!;.$;R1#C)DDO1B+D<C6["2J0I]N>)ERMUZNT,M%_@5;\6X
M_J<S3`:C0+Q5NXH-_^YCO#N__]+2.H&!:48427T:$U`IB'^.A(]PD),\?X6,
M?G,K6)AH64<OBTBA2D=+AXN),EEF'YF-H3V3;9B/5WN)J9%KF["?AJ)0)EZO
M>B6*>)UZ6LO)E+K/-7`UP(=KRKW64\Z1T8#0VFHTW8S>.C<6<2G.J594IJ:Z
MUTX1@YGE9YUTO^C/5K>]6+'#IHZ2I4I$[LD+%K!,'7RTS*'1)I'0I1DG)!W;
M*%&?L5L(.68<9I#AN%\<+Q)$I)((,DV-1I4J)0\>O"@A03:4PXW/QVPD^?7,
M*5!5R7!#R@$5)$H-*7,(C;;KR%/6RF/56IXB.?)D_C>AL>9AS!I2!55OX")J
MG*6P;;JPM`3)5(*1ILPH9'?F*P+0JA"??CWZM>A6V`\PP:S9$KS/WM-5`Y<"
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MIAAA9\G]J-*")+)WT8-%<8A2/#,M1^!AAEF8U!PU`K&3EE;:TR)H768)(7TI
MS?BFDP%*AMYT@+WD$!_"%6C>A#2.>$<Q(KZ958^"=C4EEY0!^I$Q!?F9"Q67
MXC0F:/54)E^3-C;3#QV.$KD6J#@R^1B6EDXSYJ#[!2D)I)[)VJ.AC+Y8*V?>
MG2GG-R0ZXF%%.$9UYG^DE;E/<(1>:,1Y`/9AY:TZ+:H0:Q]2$Z*?XV2T74\`
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0]L;ZY[6@LL*75&U^40``.^KE
`
end


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54381
From: HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In <1r1887INNcsd@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com writes:

> In article <1r0v4c$i1j@menudo.uh.edu> HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)  
> writes:
> > In <1r0poqINNc4k@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com writes:
> > 
> >   According to KIKK radio in Houston, all nine survivors are either in hos-
> > pitals or in jails.  Including the two who allegedly helped start the 
> >fires.
> 
> In the FBI briefing, no mention was made of having the fire starters in  
> custody.

  Which one?  The one yesterday, or has there been another?  If it was yester-
day, catch up.

  IMO, 90% of all "conspiracy" charges are easily explained by the simple
fact that in these days of instantaneous news transmission, all kinds of
stuff gets said when people really just don't know what the hell's going on.
Then the story changes once the facts are in and suddenly cries of "its all a 
whitewash!" start.  Naturally, everybody wants to cover his/her ass.

> > > Why the total isolation?
> > 
> >   Well, it wasn't TOTAL, 100% isolation.  After the lawyer snuck in the 
> > first time, they (the FBI, etc) let him go back inside several times, in-
> >cluding, I think, the day before the final assualt.
>
> Why not his mother?  Why not the media?

  Damnfino.  I just tend to take issue with absolute statements that are ob-
viously wrong on their face and tend to inflame, not inform.  The isolation
was significant, but not total.

semper fi,

Jammer Jim Miller 
Texas A&M University '89 and '91
________________________________________________________________________________
 I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
"Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing System."
 "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
      ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54382
From: jgd@dixie.com (John De Armond)
Subject: FBI Murders (was Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN )

jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:

>I have believed all along that they could not let them live, the 
>embarrassment  to the BATF and the FBI would've been too severe.

>Remember, this was a suspicion of tax-evasion warrant.  There were no  
>witnesses, except the FBI.  All information filtered through the FBI.  All 
>they had to do was allow one remote controlled pool camera be installed 
>near the  building, and the press could've done their job, and would've 
>been able to back the FBI's story with close up video, while incurring no 
>risk to the press.  Unless they did not want the public to see something.  
>The complete lack of any  other source of information other than the 
>FBI really causes me concern. 

>Sick to my stomach, and getting sicker from all the Government apologists

Well put, Jim.  I am as concerned about the media's complicity in this
growing coverup.  Can you imagine the media outrage, the lawsuits, the
investigations that would emit if the government kept the media away from
any other story?  Particularly if a Republican administration had been
behind it.  What's going on here?

Let's look beyond the initial blunder and examine what happened next.
I'm a student of human phychology, particularly in the area of psy-ops
because I've found some of the techniques to be useful in business
negotiations.  That puts me firmly in the amateur ranks.  This AMATEUR
knows that the first thing to do when sizing up the opponent is to do a
psychological profile on him.  You can bet your ass the FBI had
professionally done profiles on Koresh.  Koresh's behavior was
emminently predictable.  It is typical of people who move away from
civilization to be willing to fight to the death to preserve their
isolation.  It would also be typical, given Koresh's religious
orientation, for such an individual to interpret a government assault as
the apocalypse.  Suicide is as an acceptable alternative to being
consumed in the apocalypse.

IMHO, the FBI knew all this and decided after 50 days of concentrated
psy-ops to initiate that apocalypse.  I believe they chose a course of
action designed specifically to push Koresh over the edge while publicly
appearing to be acting reasonably.  They KNEW that Koresh considered the
tanks to be the Chariots of Fire mentioned in the Book of Revelations.
They KNEW that sending tanks, oops, combat engineering vehicles,
obstensibly to perform "gas insertions" (love that NewSpeak) WOULD push
him over the edge.

Look at some supporting evidence.  Koresh's attorney mentioned on TV
earlier today (4/20) that one of Koresh's major concern was the biblical
role of the tanks stationed around the compound.  The FBI (through Reno
on Larry King last night and at the news conference this morning)
claimed to have listening devices in the compound.  If that was true
they KNEW their actions were driving him to the brink.  They KNEW they
were pushing the Davidians toward mass suicide.  Any rational and
reasonable agency NOT interested in killing those people would, at
the first sign of preparations for suicide, have pulled completely back and
would have gotten rid of all the armor.  Instead they continued with the
"gas insertion" right up to the point where flames appeared.  The image
that will remain etched in my mind is that of the tank strutting back
and forth in front of the burning compound, gloating over the kill.

Let's step back and assess how this thing could have been ended without
bloodshed.  This technique would have required a law enforcement agency
interested in constitutionally enforcing the law and in the preservation
of life instead of achieving a military victory and of vengence.

The way to have nabbed Koresh was simply to have announced a pull back,
abandoned the assault, torn down the concertina wire and removed the
armor, maintained covert surveillance of the compound and then exploited
his ego to flush him out.  Exploiting his ego would have been simple.  A
simple invite or two from the tabloid talk shows to come on TV and tell
how he whipped the US government would have been something he could not
have resisted.  He could have then been nabbed when he left the
compound.  Simple, clean and safe but because it would have required the
FBI to execute a tactical retreat and would have deprived them of the
revenge they sought, it was totally out of the question.  Not without
all that testesterone floating around.  After all Jannet Reno had to
show the world how big her balls are.

Yesterday was a sad, sad day for the American system.  I am sick to my 
very soul.

John
-- 
John De Armond, WD4OQC               |Interested in high performance mobility?  
Performance Engineering Magazine(TM) | Interested in high tech and computers? 
Marietta, Ga                         | Send ur snail-mail address to 
jgd@dixie.com                        | perform@dixie.com for a free sample mag
Lee Harvey Oswald: Where are ya when we need ya?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54383
From: auerbach@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r19tp$5em@bigboote.WPI.EDU>, mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
> In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
>>I will be surprised if this post makes it past the censors,
>>but here goes:
>>
> In short Mr. Gorman (I am assuming Mr. as a title because I don't think a 
>woman would be stupid enough to make this post) I don't know what episode of CNN you
 ^^^^^

What an incrediblt sexist remark! Come now, Mike, what ever possessed you to
make such a un-PC remark?  I hope all women out there reading this are as
incensed as I am. Remember, WOMAN ARE JUST AS GOOD AS MEN!!!! 

Women stand up for your right to be just as stupid as men. In fact, insist on
every oppurtunity to be even more stupid than men! You've got the right, use
it!

Hey, it's a slow afternoon and I really don't want to get back to that
report...;)

BTW: mega-smileys for the humor impaired...

Karl

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54384
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1r0qsrINNc61@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:
>In article <C5s0Ds.J54@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
>writes:
>> I agree that they deserved a trial.  They had more than 40 days to come 
>> out and get their trial.  They chose to keep the children with them and 
>> to stay inside.  They chose to stay inside even after they were tear gassed.
>> I do not find these actions rational.  Even Noriega was smart enough to 
>> give up and go for the trial he deserved.
>> 
>
>Mr. Roby, you are a government sucking heartless bastard.  

Unworthy of comment.

>Humans died  
>yesterday, humans who would not have died if the FBI had not taken the 
>actions  
>they did.  That is the undeniable truth.  I cried for them.  

Nor would they have died if they had come out with their hands empty.
That is undeniable truth.  My heart bleeds just as much as yours for 
the children who were never released given 51 days of ample opportunities 
to do so.  My heart also bleeds for people so blinded by religious devotion 
to not have the common sense to leave the compound when tanks came up 
and started dropping in tear gas early in the morning.

>You seem to say  
>they got what they deserved.

I do not think this.  However, if they did set the fire (which started in 
more than one place and spread very quickly), then they got what they 
wanted and put into motion themselves.

I see the BATF is going to be investigated by the Justice Dept. and likely 
by Arlen Spectre and congress.  This is good.  They have bungled the affair 
from the start.

>Jim
>--
>jmd@handheld.com
>-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
>that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
>"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
>in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
>WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777


-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54385
From: mcclary@netcom.com (Michael McClary)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

In article <1r0mtoINNa59@cronkite.Central.Sun.COM> dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM writes:
>Gordon Storga writes:
>
>>Gentleman, are we also forgetting the near genocide of the Native American
>>for the barbaric act of being "heathen" (i.e. a non-Christian) by a
>>predominantly Christian government.  That's a little over 200 years as I
>>recall.  I'd say that for the most part it was religious persecution
>>(their religion dictated their lifestyle).
>
>This is a stretch.  In fact, a great many of the persecuted Indians were
>Christian, a great many.  It would be simpler to state the obvious, that
>white people wanted land the Indians dominated or threatened.  I really
>don't think the government cared a hill of beans about the Indians' religion.

My Native American Girlfriend asks: "If the government really doesn't
'care a hill of beans' about our religion, how come they're still
busting us for it in Oregon, Washington, and a few other places?
You'd be a Christian, too, if the U.S. Army marched you into church
at gunpoint."
-- 
=	=	=	=	=	=	=	=	=	=
Michael McClary						mcclary@netcom.com
For faster response, address electronic mail to:	michael@node.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54386
From: HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

In <donbC5sL24.Ewu@netcom.com> donb@netcom.com writes:

> Anyway, here's how I see the Waco affair; I'd be interested in other peoples'
> interpretations...
> 
> 1. Koresh and his people were basically minding their own business.
> 2. Some weapons violations may have been committed and I wouldn't have
>    disapproved of prosecuting him for those violations.  However, I think
>    the BATF was criminal for starting negotiations with a military style
>    assault and for firing into a house where there were children and other
>    noncombatants.
> 3. I don't see they couldn't just leave a token guard on the place and wait
>    the BDs out; I don't approve of the tear gas approach and, if it caused
>    the fire to be started, I think the FBI agent responsible should spend
>    10-20 years in jail.

  I think the legal term would be "negligent homicide"

> 4. However, if Koresh's response to the tear gas was to kill everyone there,
>    I hold him largely responsible for their deaths.


  Well, it's nice to see someone with a brain, a general lack of paranoia, and
a willingness to put his thoughts in public.  I tend to agree with all you have
said.

  "Never assume foul motives when stupidity will do." -- Jim's Corrolary to 
						          Occam's Razor

semper fi,

Jammer Jim Miller 
Texas A&M University '89 and '91
________________________________________________________________________________
 I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
"Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing System."
 "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
      ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54387
From: vojak@icebucket.stortek.com (Bill Vojak)
Subject: Letter To David Skaggs

Here is a letter I sent to David Skaggs, (Dem, CO).  Before anybody says
something, yes the letter is a bit "sharp" in tone.  I have been writting
reasonable and polite letters to him for years, and all I get in return
in the HCI party line.  Since he already is NRA F rated, I don't think that
upsetting him will harm the cause.  Sorry if you disagree, but recent events
in Texas REALLY have me pissed.

-------------------
							April  20, 1993
Representative Skaggs,

Recently I wrote to you regarding my outrage over the tactics used by the
Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms, (BATF), in Texas.  In your response
you stated that "Events in Texas underscore the need for stricter gun control
legislation to keep guns out of the hand of groups such as the Branch Davidians.
My question to you is, "what grounds would you use to deny them access to 
firearms?"  Best I can tell this statement underscores your apparent total
ignorance of the subject, and highlights your personal bias against firearms.
I say this because there are only two possible paths of "gun control" which you
could have been referencing.

Either:
1) You were talking about their access to semi-automatics firearms.  In this
case I should point out that semi-automatic firearms are legal in most areas of
this Country, including Texas and Colorado.  In addition the members of the
"cult" have never been convicted of any crimes which would deny them the ability
to purchase these weapons.  So under what grounds would you deny them these
guns?  Their religion?  The fact they they live in a large group alone by
themselves?  Because you consider them to be a cult?  Maybe I consider your
Church to be a cult!

This line of reasoning by you borders on the concept of "thought crimes."  You
and Pat Robertson should really get along.

2) You were referring to the ALLEGED FULLY automatic weapons possessed by the
"cult."  Under current US law, FULLY automatic weapons have been covered by
some of the strictest gun control laws in this Nation.  So if David Koresh
illegally possessed them, he would have had to circumvent some of the strictest
laws we have.  How will more laws help?  By the way, it has been reported that
David Koresh possessed a Federal Firearms License which would have permitted 
him to possess FULLY automatic weapons.  If true, the 85 people who perished
Monday in the fire, died so that the Federal government could collect a couple
hundred dollars in taxes on guns David Koresh didn't declare.

I have heard claims that they were "stockpiling weapons."  Yet considering the
number of people in the complex, even 200+ weapons would not have been out of
line with gun ownership statistics for all of Texas.  What's next?  A siege of
Dallas/Ft Worth for alleged "stockpiling?"

Face it David Skaggs, You have voted for virtually EVERY gun control law that
has passed through Congress, yet you claim that you are only for "reasonable"
restrictions.  Bull****!   Handgun Control Inc. is struggling to maintain
250,000 PAID members, while the NRA has just exceeded 3,000,000 members.  They
are still growing at a rate of 2,000 new members per day.  Driving around YOUR
district I see NRA stickers every day.  In eight plus years of living here I
have only seen ONE HCI bumper sticker.  When you vote for your "reasonable"
gun control laws, are you really representing your district, or are you
representing Sarah Bradys'?


					Thank You,




					William J. Vojak





							April  20, 1993
Representative Skaggs,

Recently I wrote to you regarding my outrage over the tactics used by the
Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms, (BATF), in Texas.  In your response
you stated that "Events in Texas underscore the need for stricter gun control
legislation to keep guns out of the hand of groups such as the Branch Davidians.
My question to you is, "what grounds would you use to deny them access to 
firearms?"  Best I can tell this statement underscores your apparent total
ignorance of the subject, and highlights your personal bias against firearms.
I say this because there are only two possible paths of "gun control" which you
could have been referencing.

Either:
1) You were talking about their access to semi-automatics firearms.  In this
case I should point out that semi-automatic firearms are legal in most areas of
this Country, including Texas and Colorado.  In addition the members of the
"cult" have never been convicted of any crimes which would deny them the ability
to purchase these weapons.  So under what grounds would you deny them these
guns?  Their religion?  The fact they they live in a large group alone by
themselves?  Because you consider them to be a cult?  Maybe I consider your
Church to be a cult!

This line of reasoning by you borders on the concept of "thought crimes."  You
and Pat Robertson should really get along.

2) You were referring to the ALLEGED FULLY automatic weapons possessed by the
"cult."  Under current US law, FULLY automatic weapons have been covered by
some of the strictest gun control laws in this Nation.  So if David Koresh
illegally possessed them, he would have had to circumvent some of the strictest
laws we have.  How will more laws help?  By the way, it has been reported that
David Koresh possessed a Federal Firearms License which would have permitted 
him to possess FULLY automatic weapons.  If true, the 85 people who perished
Monday in the fire, died so that the Federal government could collect a couple
hundred dollars in taxes on guns David Koresh didn't declare.

I have heard claims that they were "stockpiling weapons."  Yet considering the
number of people in the complex, even 200+ weapons would not have been out of
line with gun ownership statistics for all of Texas.  What's next?  A siege of
Dallas/Ft Worth for alleged "stockpiling?"

Face it David Skaggs, You have voted for virtually EVERY gun control law that
has passed through Congress, yet you claim that you are only for "reasonable"
restrictions.  Bull****!   Handgun Control Inc. is struggling to maintain
250,000 PAID members, while the NRA has just exceeded 3,000,000 members.  They
are still growing at a rate of 2,000 new members per day.  Driving around YOUR
district I see NRA stickers every day.  In eight plus years of living here I
have only seen ONE HCI bumper sticker.  When you vote for your "reasonable"
gun control laws, are you really representing your district, or are you
representing Sarah Bradys'?


					Thank You,
					William J. Vojak

---------------------------

                                Bill Vojak
                                vojak@icebucket.stortek.com
				NRA, ILA,
                                Colorado Firearms Coalition
------------------------------------------------------------
The CBS Nightly Propaganda With Dan Rather. (RATHER NOT!)
The CBS Nightly Propaganda With Dan Rather. (RATHER BIASED!)
------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54388
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Randy Weaver trial update: Day 5.

Note: These trial updates are summarized from reports in the
_Idaho Statesman_ and the local NBC affiliate television
station, KTVB Channel 7.

Randy Weaver/Kevin Harris trial update: Day 5.

Monday, April 19, 1993 was the fifth day of the trial.

Synopsis: Government informant Kenneth Fadeley testified that
Randy Weaver sold him two shotguns in violation of the National
Firearms Act of 1934.  U.S. District Court Judge Edward Lodge
asks jurors not to hear accounts of the Waco fire because
of possible influences on the Weaver/Harris case.

The testimony of FBI Special Agent Greg Rampton apparently
ended without further incident, as it was mentioned neither
by KTVB nor the _Idaho Statesman_.

The day was highlighted by the testimony of Kenneth Fadeley,
who had been posing as an outlaw biker and illegal guns person
named Gus Magiosono.  Fadeley testified that he was acting as
an informant for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms
in his dealings with Randy Weaver.

Fadeley began by stating that he had met Weaver in 1987 at an
Aryan Nations summer conference in Hayden Lake, Idaho.  The two
then met again October 11, 1989 (note the huge separation in
time) at a restaurant in Sandpoint, Idaho, to begin a weapons
transaction.  He stated that Weaver had said, "He felt like he
(Weaver) was being prepared to do something dangerous for the
White cause."

The two later met October 24, 1989 behind the restaurant and
later went to a city park to make the sale.  During this second
meeting, Fadeley was wearing a small recording device to
tape the conversation.  Weaver allegedly showed him an H&R 12-
gauge shotgun with a 13-inch barrel and an overall length of
19.25 inches.  He additionally showed a Remington 12-gauge
shotgun with a 12.75-inch barrel and an overall length of
24.5 inches (NFA requires minimums of 18 inches for barrel
length and an overall length of 26 inches).  On tape, Weaver
is reported to have said that he could perform better work once
his machine shop is set up.  The two then discuss the possibility
of future sales.  Fadeley then counts out three hundred dollars
for the two guns and promises the balance of one-hundred fifty
dollars when they next meet.  (Note that the ATF could have
simply arrested him here.  Why did they wait until January 1991 -
over a year later - to arrest him?  This is not explained).

The next meeting took place on Nov 30, 1989.  Fadeley stated that
his "source" had only come up with one hundred dollars instead
of the one-hundred fifty he'd promised.  At this point, Weaver
suspected he was dealing with an informant, "I had a guy in
Spokane tell me you were bad."  Fadeley managed to convince
Weaver otherwise.

The _Idaho Statesman_ states explicitly that three tapes were
made of conversations with Randy Weaver.  Thus, each of these
meetings must have been recorded.  However, the _Statesman_ also
reported that a tape of a telephone conversation involving Vicki
Weaver (Randy Weaver's wife) was played to the court.  There must
have also been phone taps.

These tapes were played to the court via both headphones and
loudspeakers under the objections of Gerry Spence, Weaver's
attorney.  Spence said to a KTVB reporter that he wanted to
make sure that the government proved its case, "...if it has a
case at all..." according to the rules.

Randy Weaver tore off his headphones and wept when he heard his
wife's voice on the tape.

U.S. District Court Judge Edward Lodge asked jurors not to hear
accounts of the Waco fire because of possible influences on the
Weaver/Harris case.  Exactly how such information could affect
this trial is not explained.

Other notes: Sunday evening there was a report on KTVB concerning
Kevin Harris.  Unnamed agents within the FBI admit that they are
surprised that Kevin Harris is still alive.  First, they were
surprised that he survived the initial gunshot wound(s) sustained
in the initial firefight at the Y-junction.  Later, when Randy
Weaver was struck by sniper fire the sniper had reported that
Harris had been struck (not Weaver).  Finally, there was a report
that the FBI agent who killed Vicki Weaver believed he was aiming
at Kevin Harris instead.  (This is what was reported).  Critics
are charging that the FBI was blatantly trying to eliminate the
only non-government witness to the deaths of Samuel Weaver and
Deputy Marshal William Degan.  Some local people believe that
Harris's survival is simply due to divine intervention.

Tuesday, April 20, 1993 will be the sixth day of the trial. 
Kenneth Fadeley's testimony is scheduled to continue. 


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54390
From: pes3@cunixf.cc.columbia.edu (Paul Eric Stoufflet)
Subject: Clipper Chip

I thought that the Clipper Chip that was posted to t.p.g (sorry, I lost
the original post) was a joke.  I really did.  I didn't believe it for
a second.  But on the way to work this morning, I heard about it on NPR.

This scares me almost as much as the doublespeak emanating from the
FBI and BATF in Waco.


 ***   Paul Eric Stoufflet
 ***   Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center
 ***   internet: pes3@cunixf.cc.columbia.edu
 ***   All opinions are my own

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54391
From: pes3@cunixf.cc.columbia.edu (Paul Eric Stoufflet)
Subject: Re: Die Koresh Die!

In article <1r04h8$q5a@umcc.umcc.umich.edu> tim@umcc.umcc.umich.edu (Tim Tyler) writes:
>	I was hoping that --however the situation was resolved-- the
>property would remain intact, so the gov't could sell it to help pay for the
>hundreds of thousands of dollars of expenses incurred having to babysit
>Krazy Koresh & his flock of sheep.
>

In some South American countries, after political undesirables disappeared,
the family would get a notice of death and a bill for the disposal
of the body.  You apparently think that would be a good idea.

The Federal Government initiated this action against Koresh and his
followers, surrounded them for 51 days, engaged in psychological
warfare, used heavy military equipment against US citizens on
US soil; and now that the compound caught fire while they were
pumping in CS gas after knocking holes in the building; disavows
all responsibility.  Big Brother is NOT always right.


 ***   Paul Eric Stoufflet
 ***   Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center
 ***   internet: pes3@cunixf.cc.columbia.edu
 ***   All opinions are my own

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54394
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Ax the ATF

In article <donbC5sL69.F7I@netcom.com>, donb@netcom.com (Don Baldwin) writes:

> It's hard to know what/who to believe.  However, the letter I received from
> the BATF, in response to one I sent to Bentsen, said that there was a search
> warrant AND an arrest warrant.

Check again.  You may find that the arrest warrant was issued AFTER the
first firefight.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54395
From: rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

In article <1r19l9$7dv@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham) writes:
>What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
>had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
>compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.
>
>The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
>transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use
>more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to
>do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they
>must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.
>
>With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
>more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
>the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look
>at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country
>of ours.
>
>With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
>mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
>women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
>to death 51 days later.
>


	I HOPE THAT YOU ARE IN THE WAY OF THE NOBLE FEDERAL ENFORCERS and
are blown away accidently by the governments goons.

You would cheer the death to 25 childern?

This is the sort of person who served as a death camp guard.
--
Rod Anderson  N0NZO            | The only acceptable substitute
Boulder, CO                    | for brains is silence.
rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu         |       -Solomon Short-
satellite  N0NZO on ao-16      |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54397
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <KEVIN.93Apr20085431@axon.usa>, kevin@axon.usa (Kevin Vanhorn) writes:
> In article <C5rpoJ.IJv@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
> >
> > Two of the nine who escaped the compound said the fire was deliberately set 
> > by cult members.
> 
> Correction: The *FBI* *says* that two of the nine who escaped said the fire
> was deliberately set by cult members.  Since the press was kept miles away,
> we have absolutely no independent verification of any of the government's
> claims in this matter.

Moreover, the BATF has admitted having agents in the compound, and as
far as I have been able to ascertain, those agents were still in the
compound when the first shots were fired.  For all we know, these two
people may BE the agents, who would certainly be unlikely to stay around
and "cook" with the faithful...

Assuming the two people in question were even in the compound at all.

Maybe I sound paranoid, but I watched Janet Reno last night harping on
how much David Koresh was a big, bad child abuser, and I kept wondering 
why she -- much less BATF -- wanted us to infer that she had any 
jurisdiction over such accusations in the first place.

I'm POSITIVE that the "sealed warrant" is not for child abuse.  What was
it for?  Peobably weapons violations.  Janet Reno didn't say WORD ONE
last night about weapons violations.  Why?  Because she knows that such
a case is no longer believable?
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54398
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr20.143255.12711@mcs.kent.edu>, mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu (The Lawnmowerman) writes:

> > THIS IS GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE, INCLUDING CHILDREN!

> Is this guy serious????

> If he would ever really pay attention to the news (oops I forgot that the media
>    for the most part loves to jump right on top of a story before all the facts 
>    are known, as well as to manipulate what we see and thus what we believe). 

>    Besides, a majority of 
>    these children were children that he was supposed to have been the father of,
>    this then makes them bastard children to a sacraligious zeloit (sp). 

Oh, then, I guess that shooting THOSE kind of babies is all right.

You sick bastard.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54399
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r19tp$5em@bigboote.WPI.EDU>, mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:

> >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day  
> in Texas. 

Do YOU eat all your food cold?
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54400
From: rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy)
Subject: Incompetent law enforcement can kill


Ever since the siege at Waco started the FBI spokesman has been
stressing how unstable and paranoid David Koresh was.  He stressed how
likely it was the the Branch Davidians would commit mass suicide.  He
was concerned with the safety of the children.
 
What did the FBI do to defuse the situation,  Did they try to reassure
Koresh?  DId the FBI offer medical assistance to the BD?  Did the FBI
offer them a supply of water when the BD pump stoped working?  Did the
permit Koresh to communicate with anyone outside the compound?
 
What the FBI did was harass the Branch Davidians as much as possible.
They kept powerful lights shining on the compound, shut off their
electrical power, put their pump out of action, assaulted their ears
with loud noise, cut off their communication with the outside and kept
limiting their permitter.  The stated goal was to put pressure on
David Koresh.
 
Was the FBI attempting to get Koresh to surrender or were they hoping
to get Koresh so mad that he and some of his followers would attack
the the tanks.
 
It appears that the tactics employed by the FBI did drive Koresh over
the edge.  The blame for the deaths should be shared by both the
federal experts whose tactics drove Koresh over the edge and the fools
at the ATF who planed the raid.
 
Stupidity and incompetence of the BATF and the FBI leadership have
resulted in the needless death of 90 innocent people.
 
If every thing had gone as planned 90 people would be alive today.
Instead the ATF screwed up and caused the death of 90+.  Incompetent
law enforcement can kill you!
 

--
Rod Anderson  N0NZO            | The only acceptable substitute
Boulder, CO                    | for brains is silence.
rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu         |       -Solomon Short-
satellite  N0NZO on ao-16      |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54401
From: rscharfy@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu (Ryan C Scharfy)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <mvpC5rp8n.3ts@netcom.com> mvp@netcom.com (Mike Van Pelt) writes:
>In article <16BB5124A0.PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU> PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU (David
 Veal) writes:
>>       Be cute if Koresh hit the trail.
>>
>>       Maybe he was bodily assumed into heaven.  Wouldn't that just
>>make AG Reno's day?
>
>*snort*  I sorta doubt it...
>
>However... No bodies?  By the time this message gets out
>they'll doubtless have found bunches, but wouldn't it be
>interesting if they had a tunnel and  are long gone?


If they hadn't killed the ATF people in the original raid, I think I would 
laugh my ass off.  (Actually, to be honest, I still might.)

Ryan

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54402
From: meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1993Apr14.232806.18970@beaver.cs.washington.edu> graham@cs.washington.edu (Stephen Graham) writes:
[ ... ]
>It's worth noting that US vs. Miller sustained Miller's conviction
>of possession of an illegal firearm, noting that a sawed-off shotgun
>was not a proper militia weapon. Therefore, US vs. Miller supports
>limited government regulation of firearms.

Then it also supports basing such regulations on ignorance.

Miller had disappeared, and nobody bothered to present _his_
side to the Supreme Court -- in particular, that sawed-off
shotguns were used in the World War I trenches, and in other
tight spots ever since guns had been invented.  Would _you_
turn one down if you had to "clean" an alley in E. St. Louis?
--------
Vegetarians kill, too

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54404
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

In article <1r19l9$7dv@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>, oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham) writes:

> The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
> transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use
> more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to
> do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they
> must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.

The BATF is there to collect taxes, not to protect your sorry ass or mine.

> With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
> more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
> the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. 

All flame-bait, of course.  If you really want to be flame bait, send me
your address and I'll tell the BATF about those automatic weapons you
have stockpiled.  You'll be warm in no time.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54405
From: rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy)
Subject: Will CS burn or explode

The FBI released large amounts of CS tear gas into the compound in
Waco.  CS tear gas is a fine power.  Is CS inflammable.  Grain dust
suspended in air can form an explosive mixture, will CS suspended in air
form an explosive mix? Could large quantities of CS have fueled the
rapid spread of fire in the compound?
 
Please note I am directing all followups to talk.politics.guns

--
Rod Anderson  N0NZO            | The only acceptable substitute
Boulder, CO                    | for brains is silence.
rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu         |       -Solomon Short-
satellite  N0NZO on ao-16      |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54406
From: cntrspy@netcom.com (Executive Protection Assoc)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

///////   And we thought the unfortunate people in the Branch Dividians were
          Brainwashed ??  They don't hold a candle to this guy......


D:d
:wq


B
///////////////////////////////////
Daniel Oldham (oldham@ces.cwru.edu) wrote:
: What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
: had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
: compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.
: 
: The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
: transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use
: more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to
: do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they
: must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.
: 
: With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
: more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
: the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look
: at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country
: of ours.
: 
: With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
: mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
: women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
: to death 51 days later.
: 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54407
From: ndallen@r-node.hub.org (Nigel Allen)
Subject: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

In the interests of completeness, I thought readers of these 
newsgroups would want to see FBI Director William Sessions'
statement, as released by the FBI press office.

 FBI Director's Statement On Waco Standoff
 To: National Desk
 Contact: Federal Bureau of Investigation, Press Office,
          202-324-3691

   WASHINGTON, April 19 -- The following is a statement by 
FBI Director William S. Sessions regarding the Branch Davidian 
incident in Waco, Texas:

   "I had hoped to be making a very different statement this evening.
After very careful planning and extensive preparation we all thought
that today's efforts by the FBI to bring the Branch Davidians out of
their compound would result in the peaceful resolution of the
stand-off or at least meaningful negotiation.
   "Instead, we are faced with devastation and death.  However, I
have no question that our plan was correct and was conducted with
extreme professionalism and care.  I applaud the restraint shown by
agents in the face of life-threatening gunfire, and I thank them for
risking their lives to try to end this peacefully.  I have only the
greatest admiration for the courage and professionalism of all
involved."
 -30-

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54408
From: irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
>I will be surprised if this post makes it past the censors,
>but here goes:
>
>Monday, 19 April, 1993 13:30 EDT
>
>                    MURDER  MOST  FOUL!!
>
>CNN is reporting as I write this that the ATF has ignited all
>the buildings of the Branch Dividian ranch near Waco, TX. The
>lies from ATF say "holes were made in the walls and 'non-lethal' tear
>gas pumped in". A few minutes after this started the whole thing went up.
>ALL buildings are aflame. NO ONE HAS ESCAPED. I think it obvious that
>the ATF used armored flame-thrower vehicles to pump in unlit
>napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.

Actually if 'a few minutes' translates into 6 hours, you have it
right.  BUT you (and I guess your single-source news agency CNN)
failed to mention the Davidians pouring kerosene all over and lighting it in plain
view.

>THIS IS MURDER!

Well, small-scale Jim Jones type suicide with fire instead of kool-aid.

>
>ATF MURDERERS!  BUTCHERS!!

Sorry, guy, you got it wrong.  ATF was pumping tear gas into the compound.
The Branch Davidians (going along with their apocolyptic faith) set their
own compound on fire killing all but 9 or so.  No children survived.

>THIS IS GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE, INCLUDING CHILDREN!

Self-slaughter, anyway.  I pity the children who were to young to be able
to make a conscious choice.

>I have predicted this from the start, but God, it sickens me to see
>it happen. I had hoped I was wrong. I had hoped that there was
>still some shred of the America I grew up with, and loved, left
>alive. I was wrong. The Nazis have won.

You are wrong.  Thank goodness.  I would suggest, however, that you take
a deep breath, and wait 30 minutes or so before posting.  Also make sure
your facts are correct before making your allegations(sp.).

>I REPEAT, AS OF THIS TIME THERE ARE **NO  SURVIVORS**!

You repeated wrong.  There were 9.

>God help us all.

God help the Branch Davidians.

>PLEASE CROSSPOST -- DON'T LET THEM GET AWAY WITH THE SLAUGHTER OF THE CHILDREN!

NO DON'T!!!!  THERE IS WAY TOO MUCH OF THIS CRAP BEING CROSSPOSTED ALL OVER
CREATION AS IT IS!!!!!!

-- 
<><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
<>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
<><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54410
From: random@cbnewse.cb.att.com (David L. Pope)
Subject: Riddle me something else.

> On the other hand, I wonder if,
> with a face full of "massive amounts of CS," *I* would be able to escape
> a burning tinder-box like that ranch house assuming my best efforts.

What ever happened to the 'Adobe Fortress' I kept hearing about? I
thought this was a 'Cult Stronghold'! If the kgbatf knew it was a
tinderbox, why didn't they just have all the talking heads line up
and start huffin' and puffin?

	Random
	

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54411
From: chuck@eng.umd.edu (Chuck Harris - WA3UQV)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...

In article <1993Apr20.050550.4660@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca> j979@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca (FULLER  M) writes:
>Does a "not harmful" gassing mean that you can, with a little willpower,
>stay inside indefinitely without suffering any serious health problems?
>
>If so, why was CS often employed against tunnels in Vietnam?
>
>What IS the difference, anyway?

CS "tear-gas" was used in Vietnam because it makes you wretch so hard that
your stomach comes out thru your throat.  Well, not quite that bad, but
you can't really do much to defend yourself while you are blowing cookies.

Chuck Harris - WA3UQV
chuck@eng.umd.edu


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54414
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Re: Die Koresh Die!

The explanations of Federal law enforcement officials about what
happened in Waco is just another example of the survivors writing the
history books to put themselves in the best of a bad light.
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

I'm beginning to look forward to reaching the %100 allocation of taxes
to pay for the interest on the national debt. At that point the
federal government will be will go out of business for lack of funds.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54415
From: glover@tafs2.mitre.org (Graham K. Glover)
Subject: The Cold War: Who REALLY Won?

If one reasons that the United States of America at one time represented 
and protected freedom << individual liberty and personal responsibility >> 
(and I do, in fact, think that this is true) and that totalitarianism << 
absolute government control and tyranny >> represents freedom's opposite 
(which it does), did the USA really win the cold war?

Standard disclaimers ALWAYS apply!

----------------
Graham K. Glover
----------------

UNMUTUAL

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54416
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1993Apr20.195636.17742@guinness.idbsu.edu> betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz) writes:
>In article <C5sou8.LnB@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>>>Watch from where?  Two miles away?  Far enough away that whatever
>>>really happenned must be explained through the vengeful filter of
>>>a humiliated agency that said (quote!) "Enough is enough."
>>
>>Please tell me what you think would have happened had the people 
>>come out with their hands up several weeks ago.

No answer.

>You didn't answer the question.  The FBI took people out of
>camera range.  It is thus possible that they were engaging in
>questionable activities.

I do not feel like the cameras were out of range.  Cameras watched the first 
confrontation.  Cameras watched the banners.  Cmaeras watched the final 
confrontation with tanks.  Cameras watched the fire.  When weren't cameras 
able to watch?  When would cameras be unable to watch people coming out with 
their hands up?

>As to your question, please tell me what you think would have happened
>had the ATF goon squad knocked and asked politely several weeks
>ago (as opposed to playing Rambo with a t.v. crew in tow).

Well, that is what BATF should have done.  Either, Koresh would have gone 
peaceably as he has done in the past, or perhaps it was already too close 
to the apocalypse in his own mind.  It is hard to predict the actions of 
a leader who would not release the children when most rational people would.

Now will you answer my question up top?

>
>Drew
>--
>betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
>*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
>*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
>*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
>    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium


-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54417
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: Statement to everyone on t.p.g

In article <1993Apr19.201300.27080@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>,
andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:
>
>Clue - Kratz' position isn't a defense against inaccuracy.
>
>I oppose gun control because it doesn't work.  If it did, I'd support
>it.  In fact, I supported gun control before I did my homework.
>
>There's no demand for pro-gun people who don't know what they're
>talking about.  In fact, they'd be much better off if they didn't say
>anything.
>
And why is this Freeman?  Even if a pro-gun person doesn't know what they are
talking about there is always the possibility that they will learn a thing or
two.  I am and will continue to post even if people get angry with what I have
to say.  I have several good sources of material now that I know where to look
so calm down.

>There's lots of information flowing on tpg for those interested in
>learning.  One can participate in those discussions without ranting
>inaccurately.  Failure to do so has consequences.
>
Ah, Freeman seems to forget from my statement that I am learning.  I have also
asked several of the not-so-hostile folks on this group for sources of
information to read.  Do you think, Freeman, that maybe this means I am
interested in learning?  I think it does because as you said people who don't
know anything won't be good for the pro-gun cause.

>Another good habit to get into is to go read-only for a while, to take
>the time to figure out how things work.
>
Another good habit to get into is to realize that not everyone is you Freeman
and accept mistakes.  Sure, maybe it could have been some type of
misinformation being slung by some anti-gun nut but it wasn't.  I made my
statement to inform everyone of this and everyone who replied said don't worry
about it but also to learn as much as you can.  They accepted my mistake and
gave me sources of information and told me to read as much as possible.  I have
read several posts of yours and have found them informative.  Why don't you
give me the same chance?

>-andy

Jason

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54418
From: lsacks@angelo.amd.com (Larry Sacks)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:

>You are loosing.

[stuff deleted]

>Avoid situations which encourage criminals. Then you will
>be as safe as possible. Such as it is ...

Really?  How do you avoid situations which encourage criminals?  I'd
really like to know.  Would you, say, prohibit female college
students from riding their bicycles near the university during the
daytime?  

Sounds a bit drastic, doesn't it?  Especially when the university is
locatd in a nice residential area.  A friend of mine was attacked and
nearly raped in just this situation.  The police didn't feel she was
in a situation which 'encouraged criminals'.

What do you think?  Should we just tell her, that it was her fault
for daring to ride a bicycle in the middle of the day?  That she
didn't avoid a situation that encouraged criminals?  If that's the
case, then we'd all better put bars on our doors and windows and
pray for a police state to keep us all safe.  Crime happens in all
situations - there are no defined areas that criminals avoid.  

Larry Sacks
Advanced Micro Devices
lsacks@angelo.amd.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54419
From: fiddler@concertina.Eng.Sun.COM (steve hix)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5sv88.HJy@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>In article <1r1j3n$4t@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>>In article <1r19tp$5em@bigboote.WPI.EDU>, mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
>>
>>> >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
>>>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>>> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day
>>> in Texas.
>>
>>Do YOU eat all your food cold?
>
>Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
>Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.
 
Brent, the Feds turned off the BD's electricity a couple of weeks ago... 
 
Perhaps you haven't been paying attention to the radio, TV, or newspapers, 
though. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


-- 
-------------------------------------------------------
| Some things are too important not to give away      |
| to everybody else and have none left for yourself.  |
|------------------------ Dieter the car salesman-----|

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54420
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1r1rad$7rl@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>In article <C5s0Ds.J54@news.udel.edu>, roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:

  [The original question was about who started the fire and whether the 
   "madmen" were inside or outside the compound.  To which I replied on 
   the possible sanity level of those inside and outside.]
>
>> According to an Australian documentary made in the year before the stand off 
>> began, Koresh and his followers all believed he was Christ.  Koresh 
>> had sex with children and women married to other men in the compound.  
>> These were the "perfect children" resulting from the "great seed" of 
>> his "magnified horn".  Ex-members describe him in ways not dissimilar 
>> to the way Jim Jones has been described.
>
>Point noted.  Have you submitted YOUR faith and sex life for BATF clearance?
>Better hurry; I believe the deadline was April 15.

I paid my taxes.  There was no reference to sex or religion on the form.
The comments above and below were meant to address who might be unstable 
enough to keep children in a building with tear gas or start a fire.

>> FBI agents have to pass rigorous psychological examinations and background 
>> checks.  Plus, those in charge will undoubtedly have to explain their 
>> decisions in great detail to congress.  Why would the FBI want to fulfill 
>> Koresh's own prophecy?
>
>And nevertheless, they hit all their marks and read all the scripted lines.  
>Well, it sure beats the hell out of me.  Maybe Thoreau had a clue when he
>said, "It is impossible to make anything foolproof, because fools are so
>ingenious."

I agree that the BATF handled the affair badly.  

>> >:Two of the nine who escaped the compound said the fire was deliberately set 
>> >:by cult members.
>> >
>> >Correction:  The *FBI* said that two of the cult members said this; so far,
>> >no one else has been able to talk to them.
>> 
>> So, when they talk to the news reporters directly, and relate the same details, 
>> will you believe them?
>
>Believe them?  I won't even RECOGNIZE them.  And neither will anyone else
>who doesn't know them personally.

Do you believe they would put impostors before the national tv cameras?

At this point, we are getting conflicting reports from the survivors.
Best wait til more light is shed upon them.  Of course, this is no 
good if you believe in eternal darkness.

>-- 
>
>cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
>OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...
>


-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54421
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <lt8keoINN31v@appserv.Eng.Sun.COM> fiddler@concertina.Eng.Sun.COM (steve hix) writes:
>In article <C5sIAJ.Ks7@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>>
>>Why didn't they release the children weeks ago?
>
>It would have been inconsistent behavior for them to have done so.
>
>Some people believe that there is more to life than the physical requirements.
>
>These folks believed that the generally-held standards of the surrounding
>community (heck, most of the world) were morally wrong, and letting the
>children be abandoned to this (godless/unbelieving) culture would be condeming
>them to eternal loss and separation from God.
>
>By their standards, letting the children go would be abandoning them to a fate
>literally worse than death.
>
>The FBI (and BATF and media) people working on the issue, I suspect,
>just couldn't get their heads into a similar-enough (to say nothing of
>identical) mode of thinking to realize what they were doing.
>
>Physically, there was no reason why the BD's shouldn't have given up and come
>out a long time ago.
>
>From the point of view of the BD's, they were up against the wall and had nowhere
>to go at all.
>
>They apparently really did love their kids too much to abandon them to a godless
>bunch of outsiders...although the end result was horribly twisted.
>
>I didn't say the BD's were right, I just said that that's the way they perceived
>it.
>
>Koresh was a nutcase, and a bunch of other people paid for that.
>
>And the FBI and BATF miscalculated and misunderstood what was going on from the
>word go.

Very likely possible.  Reminds me of the movie "The Rapture".

>
>-- 
>-------------------------------------------------------
>| Some things are too important not to give away      |
>| to everybody else and have none left for yourself.  |
>|------------------------ Dieter the car salesman-----|


-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54422
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

It's truly unfortunate that we don't have the Japanese tradition of
Hari-Kari for public officials to salvage some tatters of honor after
they commit offenses against humanity like were perpetrated in Waco,
Texas today.
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

I'm beginning to look forward to reaching the %100 allocation of taxes
to pay for the interest on the national debt. At that point the
federal government will be will go out of business for lack of funds.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54423
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!
From: steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu (Jason 'Think!' Steiner)

Brent Irvine (irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu) writes:
> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
> >mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
> >
> >> >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
> >>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> >> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use 
> >> on a warm day  in Texas. 
> >
> >Do YOU eat all your food cold?

> Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
> Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.

oh, i see. electricity is a natural right & our wonderful government
would -never- cut off the power to the people they were besieging.
are you really this dumb, or just acting like it for the sake of
argument?

jason

--
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`
`,` "True love is better than anything, except cough drops."            `,`
`,`                     - The Princess Bride (book), by William Goldman `,`
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,` steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu `,`,`,`

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54424
From: chiu@io.nosc.mil (Francis Chiu)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

Brent Irvine (irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu) wrote:

: failed to mention the Davidians pouring kerosene all over and lighting it in
: plain view.

  Brent, I'm still waiting to see if there are any evidence of how the fire
got started, so I'm not going to tell you who did it...  As far as you keep
talking about the Davidians pouring kerosene all over, stop and *think*
for a second if it is possible the stove or lamp was knocked over and
started a fire, and the Davidians were pouring water on it (wrong solution
but I doubt I can do much better in their states of mind...) to try to
put it out?   

  By the way, just how far where you standing from the Davidians when you
saw them setting the place on fire?   Oh, in case you are new in town,
microwave ovens doesn't work very well when there's no electricty. :-0

  Get some *facts* before you post next time!

--F. Chiu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54425
From: strait@cheetah.csl.uiuc.edu (Jeffrey C. Strait)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5sv88.HJy@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:

> >> >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
> >>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> >> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day  
> >> in Texas. 
> >
> >Do YOU eat all your food cold?
> 
> Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
> Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.
> 

Microwaves don't work very well with no electricity Mr Engineer.

> -- 
> <><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
> <>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
> <><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

-- 
| Jeff Strait                       | strait@uicsl.csl.uiuc.edu        |
| University of Illinois            | PHONE: (217) 333-6444            |
| "If you ladies leave this island, if you survive basic recruit       |
| training, you will be a weapon, a minister of death praying for war" |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54426
From: earlw@apple.com (Earl Wallace)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

In article <1993Apr20.003522.22480@midway.uchicago.edu> thf2@midway.uchicago.edu writes:
>In article <1qvfik$6rf@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> cj195@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (John W. Redelfs) writes:
>>Now that Big Brother has rubbed out one minority religion in Waco, who is
>>next?  The Mormons or Jews?
>
>The Koreshians rubbed themselves out.  Neither Mormons nor Jews have a
>propensity for dousing themselves with kerosene, so I'm not particularly
>concerned.  (Or shall we blame Jim Jones on the government also?)
>...

Let's see if I have this straight.  A law is created that says "you can not
have a automatic weapon" and therefore it's ok for the government to use
any level of force to enforce that law.  Doesn't matter if the entire 
population of the planet is destroyed as long as that law is obeyed.

Do I read you correctly?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54427
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5sv88.HJy@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:

> >> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day  
> >> in Texas. 

> >Do YOU eat all your food cold?

> Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
> Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.

And they work especially well when the Feds have cut off your utilities.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54428
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5sv88.HJy@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent  
Irvine) writes:
> In article <1r1j3n$4t@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D.  
Tavares) writes:
> >In article <1r19tp$5em@bigboote.WPI.EDU>, mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael  
Frederick Rhein) writes:
> >
> >> >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
> >>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> >> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm  
day  
> >> in Texas. 
> >
> >Do YOU eat all your food cold?
> 
> Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
> Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.

Brent shows his ignorance once again.  Power had been cut for weeks.  And he's  
never lived in a rural area if he thinks electric stoves have favor there.   
They stop working when the power fails, and power restoration come MUCH slower  
in the country, than the city.  LP gas stoves and ovens are very much prefered.  
> 
> -- 
> <><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
> <>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
> <><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Jim

--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54429
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5sou8.LnB@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
writes:
> In article <1993Apr20.163730.16128@guinness.idbsu.edu> betz@gozer.idbsu.edu  
(Andrew Betz) writes:
> >In article <C5rynw.Iz8@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
writes:
> >>And I suppose the FBI also prevented them from coming out with their 
> >>hands up while national tv cameras watch.
> >>
> >Watch from where?  Two miles away?  Far enough away that whatever
> >really happenned must be explained through the vengeful filter of
> >a humiliated agency that said (quote!) "Enough is enough."
> 
> Please tell me what you think would have happened had the people 
> come out with their hands up several weeks ago.
> 
It didn't happen.

> >>scenario that is simplest and most plausible.  I do not generally 
> >>believe in conspiracy theories that involve complicated and unlikely 
> >>scenarios.
> >
> >The FBI sent letters to Martin Luther King's wife insinuating
> >that MLK was having an affair!  Again, please tell us exactly
> >how much you trust our supposedly benevolent government.
> 
> More than someone who would not release children from the compound.
> 
Obviously.  You are an authority worshiper.

> I.e., more than David Koresh/Vernon Howell/"Jesus Christ".
> I saw lengthy excerpts from an Australian documentary made in 
> 1992 that clearly showed that this was a cult.
> 

Give me a camera, and time with you, and I can present excerpts that show you  
to be a cult leader.  Guarenteed. You should at least view the whole  
documentary before you claim it as a source.


> I am not pleased with the BATF handling of the affair.  I think they 
> bungled it badly from the start.  But I don't think they are 
> responsible for the fire, which started in two different places.
> 

Two places, eh?  You saw this?  Or did the wonderful FBI tell you this?  
I saw one place.

> >>The BATF is by no means devoid of fault in the handling of this affair.
> >>But to suggest that they may have intentionally started the fire is 
> >>ludicrous.
> >
> >I suspect that there were plenty of camerapeople willing to
> >risk small arms fire to get some good footage.  These people
> >were told to get the hell out of camera range.  Why?
> >

Couldn't answer this one, eh?  This is the most important question of all, it  
is the root cause of all the other suspicion.

> >Drew 
> >--
> >betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
> >*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
> >*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
> >*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
> >    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium
> 
> 
> -- 
> 

Jim

--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54430
From: meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers)
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

In article <1qk3jm$9sh@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>In article <1993Apr14.221646.2332@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu>, jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
[ ... ]
>> 	Why are 'good' neighborhoods 'good' ? It isn't because every
>> 	person is armed to the teeth. It is because of (1) attitude
>> 	and (2) cooperation. In the 'good' neighborhoods, the residents
>> 	make themselves aware of their neighbors and notice when
>> 	strangers are lurking around. 'Good' neighborhoods form groups
>> 	like 'crime-watch' to increase this effect, and the relative
>> 	effectiveness of the police. When hostiles are arrested, the
>> 	good neighbors step up and say "THAT'S the one officer ! He
>> 	was robbing Mr. Jones' house". 
>
>Sometimes this works.  Sometimes it just lands your good neighbors 
>on the dance card for the next wave of drive-bys.  Someone here once
>told a story about LA gangs moving into Phoenix.  I've misplaced the

Here'a a copy, cdt:
------------------------------------------------------------------------
>Newsgroups: talk.politics.guns,ou.politics
>Path: dg-rtp!psinntp!uunet!sun-barr!ames!haven.umd.edu!darwin.sura.net!wupost!csus.edu!netcom.com!mvp
>From: mvp@netcom.com (Mike Van Pelt)
>Subject: The difference an armed civilian population makes
>Message-ID: <y52n_tc.mvp@netcom.com>
>Date: Thu, 17 Sep 92 23:42:42 GMT
>Organization: Netcom - Online Communication Services (408 241-9760 guest)
>References: <swood.716099748@vela>
>Lines: 84
>
>Along the lines of "The Armed Citizen", here's a story that
>some of you may find amusing.  It's a story about Arizona
>house-hunting, from Leslie Fish, musician and author...
>
>----
>     ... One of the reasons I'm planning to move to Arizona is that --
>despite its lousy economy, 4-way race problems, simmering religious
>problems and hopelessly bad government -- Arizona has one of the lowest
>violent- crime rates in the country. Is it just coincidence that
>Arizona is also one of the few remaining no-gun- control states in the
>country?
>
>    Well, consider this funny story. Last time I was in Phoenix,
>staying with Liz Burnham, I did some checking on the local real-estate
>market (that's when I discovered that, with my income -- as provable by
>my tax returns -- I can qualify for every low-income housing loan in
>the book, with the exception of VA), and I came across an astonishing
>ad in the local market-paper. It offered a three-bedroom house in the
>Phoenix area for -- are you ready for this -- all of $10,000. No money
>down. $100 per month total payments. Christ on a Harley-Davidson! I
>called up the real-estate office making this offer, made it clear that
>I was only checking the local market, and asked about that house. Were
>the walls, roof and foundation structurally sound? Yes. Were the
>plumbing and electrical systems functional and up to code? Yes. Did the
>air-conditioning system (an absolute necessity in Phoenix) work?  Yes,
>again.  Okay, so what was wrong with the house?  Well, it needed lots
>of plastering, painting, yard work, and some patching of the roof --
>and yes, low-interest repair loans were available.  Okay, sez I. If
>that's all that's wrong with it, just why are you selling a 3-bedroom
>house for all of $10,000? Well, squirms the agent, it's in kind of a
>bad neighborhood. How bad? sez I, remembering some of the neighborhoods
>I've seen in Chicago and Oakland.  Worst in the city, the agent sighs,
>and then he told me this amazing story.
>
>    Every few years, it seems, the big vice-gangs in Los Angeles notice
>that there's no gang presence in Phoenix -- which is just a quick
>5-hour drive from LA -- and get the idea of setting up a subsidiary
>there. Well, a couple years ago, the colonizing force came to this
>neighborhood -- it being poor and Spanish, they figured they could move
>right in and take over -- bought this house and started operations.
>Unfortunately for them, the neighbors not only didn't like this -- they
>didn't care for whores trotting up and down their streets all night,
>pimps soliciting their kids, dope- deals on the corners in broad
>daylight, and so on -- they weren't afraid to do something about it.
>The neighbors called the cops (for some reason, the Phoenix police are
>remarkably honest, capable, polite and prompt), and the cops promptly
>came and swept up all the whores, pimps and pushers off the street and
>away to jail. The remaining gang members decided to retaliate in the
>fashion they usually use in LA; they got the complainant's name and
>address off the court records, and did a drive-by shooting at his
>house.  Well, this wasn't Los Angeles. The moment the neighbors heard
>the first gunshots fired, they all ran out their front doors with their
>own guns -- rifles, shotguns, pistols, everything -- and shot back.
>
>    The car didn't make it to the end of the block. It coasted to a
>stop, riddled with more holes than the famous Bonnie and Clyde getaway
>car (which I've seen; it's on display in a casino in a casino in Las
>Vegas).  The gas tank and fuel lines had been ruptured, so the car
>caught fire. The neighbors waited a good 15 minutes -- making sure
>nobody got out of that car -- before they called the fire department to
>come put out the fire and tow the wreck away. By that time, the asphalt
>under the car had melted and caught fire too, which subsequently left a
>large and nasty pot-hole in the street. The city is slow about
>repairing small streets, so the hole stayed there providing a traffic
>hazard for several months. All this was two years ago, the agent
>concluded, and there's been no trouble since, but the house and the
>neighborhood still have a bad reputation -- and that's why the house
>was so cheap.
>
>    Hearing this story, I nearly laughed my ass off. I told the agent
>that if I had the money at the moment, I'd by-god buy the house; this
>was _nothing_ compared to bad neighborhoods I'd seen here in
>California, where drive-by shootings go unchecked by the well-armed
>cops, let alone by the unarmed neighbors. If that's the absolute worst
>you'll find in Phoenix, then that's the city for me.
>
>    That's the difference that an armed civilian population makes.
>Think about it.
>
>
>-- 
>Mike Van Pelt                                When guns are outlawed,
>mvp@netcom.com                               only Carl Rowan will have guns.
>mvp@hsv3.lsil.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54431
From: strait@cheetah.csl.uiuc.edu (Jeffrey C. Strait)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

In article <1r24bv$dif@apple.com>, earlw@apple.com (Earl Wallace) writes:

> >The Koreshians rubbed themselves out.  Neither Mormons nor Jews have a
> >propensity for dousing themselves with kerosene, so I'm not particularly
> >concerned.  (Or shall we blame Jim Jones on the government also?)
> >...

It is silly to make this statement.  Fifteen minutes after the fire
started, the "official word" out of FBI  headquaters in DC was
that the DV's committed suicide.  It would seem logical that the
lantern story has more credibility.  You can't even to pretend to
know for sure what happened... although Clinton is doing just that.

-- 
| Jeff Strait                       | strait@uicsl.csl.uiuc.edu        |
| University of Illinois            | PHONE: (217) 333-6444            |
| Impeach Klinton                                                      |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54432
From: popovich@cs.columbia.edu (Steve Popovich)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??

>What does this <censored> from NORWAY think he's doing telling us
>how to run the place?  I wanna know... somebody please 'splain.
>
>Guess how NORWAY survived the Third Reich?  Give you a hint,
>it wasn't by passive resistance the way the Danes did it....

I believe it had something to do with a politician whose name isn't
exactly the most complimentary word nowadays...one Vidkun Quisling.
We all know what a quisling is, right?  I'm sure everyone can come up
with a few examples right about now :->.
	-Steve

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54434
From: meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers)
Subject: Re: That silly outdated Bill (was Re: Koresh and Miranda)

In article <1993Apr15.165952.25970@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU> andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:
>In article <1qibs0$flk@vela.acs.oakland.edu> awesley@vela.acs.oakland.edu (awesley) writes:
[ ... ]
>>Actually, there was only one confirmed sniper to >die< in Detroit,
>>according to Sauter & Hines, _Nightmare in Detroit, A Rebellion & It's
>
>What sources did Sauter and Hines use?  In Congressional hearings
>later, the newspaper folk admitted that their reports were completely
>wrong.  (Some of their excuses are understandable, while others amount
>to gross negligence.  Then there's their "we lied".)  As far as I
>know, they never did the followup.

This, BTW, is normal behavior for newsie's.  The followup isn't "news" ...
--------
"I am pleased to accept Life Membership in the National Rifle Association
and extend to your organization every good wish for continued success."
                -- President John F. Kennedy, March 20, 1961

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54435
From: jdw@unislc.slc.unisys.com (James Warren)
Subject: Re: Reasonable (for criminals?) Civie Arms Limits

> In article <1993Apr19.223925.2342@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>A poster claims he 'always asks [anti-gunners] what they think would
>be reasonable personal firepower restrictions'. OK then ...
>
>Caliber : Not greater than 32
>Muzzle  : Not greater than 300 ft/lbs with any combo of bullet wt/vel
>Action  : Single shot rifles and single action revolvers 
>          Revolvers bearing no more than six rounds and incorporating
>          an 'anti-fanning' mechanism to discourage Roy Rogers wannabes.
>Bullets : Any non-explosive variety, HPs just fine.
>
>Now - these specs leave the 32 H&R magnum as about the most powerful
>allowable civie cartridge for handgun or rifle use. It would be
>reasonably effective against home intruders, muggers, rabid wolves
>and other such nasties, even with the firearm-type limitations. At the
>same time, this caliber/power limit would reduce the ultimate lethality
>of hits.

I suspect that you think that this is less lethal than the typical
"assault weapon".  You are wrong.  Compared to what most criminals use, a
9mm with military ammo (FMJs), or a military rifle (use is extremely
rare), .223 or 7.62mm with military ammo (FMJs), the .32 H&R magnum with
"civie" bullets is more lethal.  Most of the arms which criminals (and
the military) use are among the least lethal arms in existance.

What if we just punish the criminal and leave the law abiding citizen
alone?  It hasn't been tried in recient times, but it might work.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54436
From: barker@rigel.cs.pdx.edu (James Barker)
Subject: NRA address?

Could someone email me a USNail address for the NRA? I'd like to write them
a letter encouraging them to see to it VERY EMPHATICALLY that the 2nd
amendment is restored to the form that the founding fathers intended.

People like Howard Metzenbaum seem very intent on diluting the 2nd amendment
to the point where it is no effort for the governmentski to do what they
did in Waco.

After all, from what I know of the Federalist papers, it is this kind of
tyranny the 2nd amendment was supposed to be designed to protect against.

Honestly! M-60 tanks against the civilian population! Attack helicopters!

We need the right to keep and bear anti-tank weapons. Actually, if they
intend to mass armour against the (weakly-armed, at that) civilian population,
we need the right to field tactical nukes. Government tyranny! Who would
have ever thought it would happen here!

I wonder who'se house they'll run tanks through next, because the gov.
SUSPECTS child abuse. Maybe yours! Maybe mine!
And what is an Illegal Weapon (which they have yet to show us), if the
2nd amendment is designed to do what I believe it is, and the gov. uses
tanks against you? Government self-serving? Naaaah. Not here.

Time was when the U.S. used armour/attack helicopters against small countries.
Now, we're down to using them against to what amounts to a busload and a
half of civilians.

"First they came for the Jews, but I did not stop them, because I was
not a Jew: Then they came for the catholics, but I did not stop them
because I was not a catholic! Then they came for the lutherans, but
there was now no one left to stop them!" Rev. Martin Niemoller.
(probably didn't get it verbatim, but you get the idea).

If the NRA reads this, then never mind about the address.
God save us!

--James S. Barker
  Portland State University
  barker@cs.pdx.edu


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54437
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5t38G.IL@news.udel.edu>, roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
> In article <1r1rad$7rl@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
> >In article <C5s0Ds.J54@news.udel.edu>, roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
> 
>   [The original question was about who started the fire and whether the 
>    "madmen" were inside or outside the compound.  To which I replied on 
>    the possible sanity level of those inside and outside.]

Was THAT your argument.  Well, you didn't make it very well.  You started 
from the questionable premise that the fire was necessarily an act of
insanity, rather than an act of negligence or an accident.  Recall, one
survivor claims that the fire started when a tank knocked over a kerosene 
lamp.  Kind of makes arguments regarding relative sanity somewhat moot, no?

> >> According to an Australian documentary made in the year before the stand off 
> >> began, Koresh and his followers all believed he was Christ.  Koresh 
> >> had sex with children and women married to other men in the compound.  
> >> These were the "perfect children" resulting from the "great seed" of 
> >> his "magnified horn".  Ex-members describe him in ways not dissimilar 
> >> to the way Jim Jones has been described.
> >
> >Point noted.  Have you submitted YOUR faith and sex life for BATF clearance?
> >Better hurry; I believe the deadline was April 15.
> 
> I paid my taxes.  There was no reference to sex or religion on the form.

"Nice evasive maneuver, Mr. Chekov, but they're still on our tail."

Let me ask it more plainly.  Which of the above complaints about David 
Koresh's religious or sexual proclivities justified an armed raid by the 
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms?

> >> >:Two of the nine who escaped the compound said the fire was deliberately set 
> >> >:by cult members.

> >> So, when they talk to the news reporters directly, and relate the same details, 
> >> will you believe them?

> >Believe them?  I won't even RECOGNIZE them.  And neither will anyone else
> >who doesn't know them personally.

> Do you believe they would put impostors before the national tv cameras?

It's not entirely far-fetched.  Nobody outside the compound would know 
EVERYBODY inside the compound.  Don't forget, the BATF admits having 
agents inside the compound, in any case.

> At this point, we are getting conflicting reports from the survivors.
> Best wait til more light is shed upon them.  Of course, this is no 
> good if you believe in eternal darkness.

I'm simply being the devil's advocate.  There's reasonable doubt by the
boatload standing in the way of anybody totally swallowing the official 
government story on Waco.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54438
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
:mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider) writes:
:
:According to an Australian documentary made in the year before the stand off 
:began, Koresh and his followers all believed he was Christ.  Koresh 
:had sex with children and women married to other men in the compound.  
:These were the "perfect children" resulting from the "great seed" of 
:his "magnified horn".  Ex-members describe him in ways not dissimilar 
:to the way Jim Jones has been described.

I don't know how accurate the documentary was; however, Koresh was never
convicted of any crimes against children, nor was the BATF after him for
child abuse.  Their purview (in this case) is strictly in firearms violations,
so this information is irrelevant to the discussion.

:FBI agents have to pass rigorous psychological examinations and background 
:checks.  Plus, those in charge will undoubtedly have to explain their 
:decisions in great detail to congress.  Why would the FBI want to fulfill 
:Koresh's own prophecy?

Those in charge will undoubtedly have to explain *something*, but whether
their answers even remotely resembles the truth we may never know.  And who
is left alive to care whether the prophecy is fulfilled?  It only holds
meaning for the nine who survived.

:>Correction:  The *FBI* said that two of the cult members said this; so far,
:>no one else has been able to talk to them.
:
:So, when they talk to the news reporters directly, and relate the same 
:details, will you believe them?

*IF* they confirm the story, I probably will.  Definitely not until then, 
however.


Mike Ruff
-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54439
From: kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

From article <1993Apr18.000152.2339@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu>, by jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu:
> You are loosing.
> 
> There is no question about it. 
> 
> Of those who vote, your cause is considered an abomination. No matter
> how hard you try, public opinion is set against the RKBA. 

Only irrational fools such as yourself are set against RKBA.  There are
*plenty* of people who support it.

> This is the end. By the finish of the Clinton administration, your
> RKBA will be null and void. Tough titty.

The government will be overthrown *long* before that happens.  A *huge* 
millitia composed of all available men and women who care about their
country will defeat the forces of the evil Klintonistas.  The people
*will* prevail!

Oh, so you think armed citizens alone can't overthrow the government?
Consider this:  do you think *all* law enforcement officials and members
of the Armed Forces will turn against the people that they are entrusted
to serve?  Not hardly.  You can count on a lot of people in the Army,
Marines, Air Force, Navy, National Guard, police officers, and so on
joining in the cause to defend the liberties and freedoms of American
citizens.  COUNT ON IT!  THE GOVERNMENT WILL NOT BE ABLE TO DISARM
EVERYONE WITHOUT STARTING A CIVIL WAR!

> You had better discover ways to make do without firearms. The number of
> cases of firearms abuses has ruined your cause. There is nothing you
> can do about it. Those who live by the sword shall die by it. 
> 
> The press is against you, the public (the voting public) is against
> you, the flow of history is against you ... this is it !
> 
> Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect

Wrong again.  People will just hide their guns so these "officers"
(more like jack-booted stormtroopers) will not be able to find them.

> them. Resistance is useless. They will overwhelm you - one at a time.
> Your neighbors will not help you. They will consider you more if an
> immediate threat than the abstract 'criminal'. 

They will unless they are idiots.  They will realize that if they don't
then they will be *next* including you.  Believe me if what you describe
happens they will be coming for *more* than guns.  Disarming citizens
would require that everyone's cherished freedoms and liberties be
suspended temporarily.  More likely, they'd never be restored unless the
*people* do something about it.

> Too fucking bad. You have gone the way of the KKK. Violent solutions
> are passe'. Avoid situations which encourage criminals. Then you will
> be as safe as possible. Such as it is ...


Scott Kennedy,  Brewer and Patriot

Before:  "David Koresh is a cheap thug who interprets
          the Bible through the barrel of a gun..."  --ATF spokesman
After:   "[The ATF] is a cheap thug who interprets
          [the Constitution] through the barrel of a gun..."  --Me


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54440
From: kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT)
Subject: Re: 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD - GOOD !

From article <1993Apr18.001319.2340@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu>, by jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu:
> Yea, there are millions of cases where yoy *say* that firearms
> 'deter' criminals. Alas, this is not provable. I think that that
> there are actually *few* cases where this is so. 

It certainly is provable.  Around a million Americans every year defend
themselves with firearms.  In many of these cases the defender doesn't even
have to fire a shot!  The mere presence of a gun is oftentimes all the
deterrent that is needed.

I don't like violence anymore than anyone else does.  But, taking away the
right of Americans to keep and bear arms is not the solution to the violent
crime problem in this country.  If honest, law-abiding citizens are unable
to get firearms then they will be preyed on even more by criminals who will
be able to acquire guns through illegal channels.  Expect to start seeing
the crime syndicates who smuggle drugs into this country start smuggling
guns.  Believe me this will happen.  There is *plenty* of economic
incentive for gangsters to illegaly import guns into this country if guns
should be banned by the Klintonistas.

> The bulk of firarems are used against unworthy and unnesessary
> opponents ... those who posessa a cool jakcet you want, those who
> would argue with you about a parking space, those who would
> take your woman. In short, trivial and worthless causes.

Statistics, por favor?

> Too much of this has ruined you cause. There is no recovery. 
> In the near future, federal martials will come for your arms.
> No one will help you. You are more dangerous, to their thinking,
> than the 'criminal'. This is your own fault. 

See my previous post.  That ought to set you straight.

> The 2nd amendment is dead. Accept this. Find another way.

People have the right to keep and bear arms no matter what the
Constitution says.  That means that even if the 2nd Amendment is
repealed the *people* (that's all American citizens FYI) will *still*
have the right to keep and bear arms.


Scott Kennedy,  Brewer and Patriot

Before:  "David Koresh is a cheap thug who interprets
          the Bible through the barrel of a gun..."  --ATF spokesman
After:   "[The ATF] is a cheap thug who interprets
          [the Constitution] through the barrel of a gun..."  --Me


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54442
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5spov.LrE@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
writes:
> In article <1r0qsrINNc61@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De  
Arras) writes:
> >In article <C5s0Ds.J54@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
> >writes:
> >> I agree that they deserved a trial.  They had more than 40 days to come 
> >> out and get their trial.  They chose to keep the children with them and 
> >> to stay inside.  They chose to stay inside even after they were tear  
gassed.
> >> I do not find these actions rational.  Even Noriega was smart enough to 
> >> give up and go for the trial he deserved.
> >> 
> >
> >Mr. Roby, you are a government sucking heartless bastard.  
> 
> Unworthy of comment.

But apparently true.  My opinion, only, of course.

> 
> >Humans died  
> >yesterday, humans who would not have died if the FBI had not taken the 
> >actions  
> >they did.  That is the undeniable truth.  I cried for them.  
> 
> Nor would they have died if they had come out with their hands empty.
> That is undeniable truth.  

No, it is not.  It is possible the FBI planned for this to happen, and the  
gunfire heard was the FBI keeping the folks inside.  I'm not proposing this as  
the way it went down, but just to point out that it's not "undeniable" that if  
they walked out yesterday, they would be alive today.

> My heart bleeds just as much as yours for 
> the children who were never released given 51 days of ample opportunities 
> to do so.  My heart also bleeds for people so blinded by religious devotion 
> to not have the common sense to leave the compound when tanks came up 
> and started dropping in tear gas early in the morning.
> 

My heart "bleeds" for no one.  You are the "bleeding heart".  And I'm sure  
beyond any possible doubt that you do not feel for those people as I do.  You  
can not say the heartless things you have said if you did.

> >You seem to say  
> >they got what they deserved.
> 
> I do not think this.  However, if they did set the fire (which started in 
> more than one place and spread very quickly), then they got what they 
> wanted and put into motion themselves.

"they got what they wanted".  What kind of creature are you that you can  
believe this?
> 
> I see the BATF is going to be investigated by the Justice Dept. and likely 
> by Arlen Spectre and congress.  This is good.  They have bungled the affair 
> from the start.
> 

We agree on this.  Now lets have your God, the FBI, investigated, too.

> >Jim
> >--
> >jmd@handheld.com
>  
>------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
-
> >"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't  
rethought  
> >that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
> >"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was  
landed  
> >in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
> >WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777
> 
> 
> -- 
> 

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54443
From: yoony@aix.rpi.edu (Young-Hoon Yoon)
Subject: Re: Boston Gun Buy Back

mpetro@brtph126.bnr.ca (Myron Petro P030) writes:

>>Ron Miller wrote:
>>When you ask the question of the "authorities" or sponsors of buyback
>>programs whether they will check for stolen weapons and they answer
>>"no, it's total amnesty".
> (good point about registration schemes being used only for harassment deleted)

> I would also like to point out that this is receiving stolen property and is 
>no different than a pawn shop owner doing the same thing. 
> 
>  
>	Myron Petro
>	NRA, USPSA
>        DVC y'all
>	**************************************************************************
>	 The opinions included in this post are my sole responsibility.
>	 And are protected by the First Amendment and guarnteed by the 
>	 Second Amendment.  

An interesting idea consider:   
   At any locality where a buy-back program is being instituted, get a list
of guns they received and compare serial numbers with a list of stolen guns
and sue the people responsible for the program if those guns were destroyed.
Criminal charges can also be made.( Receiving stolen property, destruction of
private property etc.)


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54444
Subject: Is it really apples to apples?  (Lawful vs. unlawful use of guns)
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)

I have been convinced of the right of AMericans to an effective 
self-defense, but something strikes me as odd among the
pro-RKBA arguments presented here.

The numbers comparing hundreds of thousands (indeed, even a
million) of instances of law abiding citizens deterring
criminal activity, seem valid to me.  Likewise the number
of gun-caused homicides each year (about 11,000/year?).  However,
it is surprising that the "Evil AntiGun Empire " (Darth Vader
breathing sound effect here) never tries to compare
"All legitimate gun defenses" vs. "All gun crimes."  Instead, 
it's always "All legitimate gun defenses,"  which includes
cases in which the criminals are shot but not killed, and
cases in which the criminal is not here, vs. just 
criminal gun homicides, which only includes case sin which
the victim died.

Why is this?  Of course, it wouldn't be unreasonable to say
that in each crime already measured (involving guns), the
consequnces are already known and it is safe to assume that
a gun-based bank robbery last week will not suddenly turn
into a gun-basd robbery+homicide.  Whereas in the legitimate
gun defenses, one may assume that all those criminals who
were deterred would have committed more crime or more
serious crimes had they not been deterred.

-Case Kim

kim39@husc.harvard.edu


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54446
From: jim.wray@yob.sccsi.com (Jim Wray)
Subject: My Gun is like my Ame


Mark Wilson responding to C.D. Tavares:


MW>|So the laws exist, and the penalties are as you say, but nobody is ever
MW>|prosecuted under these laws.  They are "traded away" for easy pleas.

MW>Having such gun laws on the books is still better than nothing.
MW>What would the DA have traded away in order to get the guilty plea if the
MW>gun law had not been in effect.

Our liberty?

Right...don't even think about enforcing the law and imposing the prescribed
penalty....let's hose the citizens instead.
---
 . OLX 2.2 . Madness takes its toll - please have exact change
                            
----
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Ye Olde Bailey BBS   713-520-1569 (V.32bis) 713-520-9566 (V.32bis)     |
|   Houston,Texas          yob.sccsi.com       Home of alt.cosuard       |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54447
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <93105.215548U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz  
<U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
> In article <1993Apr15.202811.29312@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>,
> andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:
> >
> >>I have been at a shooting range where
> >>gang members were "practicing" shooting.
> >
> >How do "we" know that they were gang members and not undercover cops
> >or even law-abiding menacing minorities.  BTW - Why the sneer quotes?
> >
> "We" know because the area that the gun shop/shooting range is in is right on
> the border of the west side of Chicago.  That is a gang infested area.  There
> are many, many bad things going on in that area.  Also, I have several  
friends
> that live very close to that area who have had problems with some of these
> folks.  By the way, where did I say that they were minorities?  

That was what I got from your phrasing, too.  Well, then, were they (the ones  
you saw) black?  You don't deny seem to deny it, either.

> Do you think
> that only minorities have gangs?  Not so.  As far as the quotes are concerned
> it was totally obvious that they weren't just practicing for marksmanship.  I
> don't know about you but I have never seen anyone else practice marksmanship  
by
> taking their gun out of their coat as fast as possible and start shooting.

That is the recommended way to practice with a CCW, too.  Aim alone is no good  
for defense, if you can't get the gun rapidly.

>  If
> you would have been there Andy it would've been obvious to you too.  

What, outside of prejudice, would have made it obvious?

> Of course
> it might not have been.  Who knows.  All I do know is that I was there, I  
live
> here and I know that they were gang bangers.  When you live here long enough  
it
> becomes pretty easy to spot them via gang colors, gang signs, etc.  

Yes, prejudice is more subtle in the north, isn't it?

> One last
> thing.  My sister is a social worker.  She makes it her point to find these
> things out (gang signs, colors, etc) because it is in her best interest to do
> so.  She is nice enough to let me know these things so I can watch out for
> myself as I live right on the border of the west side of the city. Enough  
said.
> 

More than enough.  I understand you completely.

> Jason

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54448
From: scottj@magic.dml.georgetown.edu (John L. Scott)
Subject: Luser!

Awesley wrote:
  That was the entire point to *you*.  What exactly did I claim?
     --------------------------------------------------
    "I've heard eye-witness descriptions of tanks using their main guns
  to respond to sniper fire.  Quite effectively."
     --------------------------------------------------
  
    I wasn't wrong . . . I've heard those descriptions.  If you're
  paying attention, I've mentioned that I saw the tanks with my own
  eyes, but the main gun firing was an account I heard.  That helps
  people judge whether or not to kick in the, to use your words,
  "bullshit filters".  Stating that I *claimed* this is a falsehood.
  
Later in the same post:
     Another part of my memories was that while most damaged building
  were burnt, some were in rubble.  Based on what I remember, I was and
  am inclined to believe an old sarge or two.

Fine, *now* you are stating that you believe their claims (or that you are
"inclined" to.  See below for a stronger statement of your beliefs).  Those
claims are still ludicrous, however.

Previously Awesley had written:
  You can also read of the troops using grenade launchers.

Prompting me to write:
  To fire fragmentary grenades?  I doubt that as well.  To fire concussion
  grenades?  Perhaps.  To fire tear gas?  Certainly.  But you would be
  perfectly willing to let us believe they fired frags, wouldn't you, since
  it makes your other claim seem more plausible.

To which Awesley replied:
  John, again, strawman techniques.  Do you feel you're losing it so you
  have to stretch what I said and knock that down?  What I read said
  nothing about what they fired.  And so I put nothing in there.  If you
  need some help, let me know and I'l take your side of this for a
  while.  You're not scoring here, you're boring here.

But why did you mention grenade launchers at all?  Because it supports the
notion that the tanks shelled buildings.  And it supports that notion
because it conjures images of troops launching fragmentary grenades.  But
that too is ludicrous.

I wrote:
  If tanks had fired their main guns in Detroit, people would have been
  screaming about it for the past two and half decades.  I would know about
  it. 

Awesley relied:
     Glad to know you're such an expert.  Nice to hear some an
  authority.  I especially appreciate your basis of knowledge -- if it
  had happened, you would have know it.  Since you are such an
  authority, you probably know that people did scream about an alleged
  massive cover-up in the number of people killed in the Detroit riot.
  Some claimed 100+ dead, others said 300.  The offical number is 43 but
  the Concise Columbia Encyclopedia says it was "several".  I've also
  heard some things about that but I won't dare repeat them.  You'd
  assert that I claimed they were truth.

Yes, if it happened I would have heard about it.  Everybody would have. 
Army tanks don't fire their cannons in American cities in the 1960's
without it becoming common knowledge, without minority leaders seizing on
it and condemning it over and over again, without civil libertarians saying
"this has gone far enough."  So, yes, my never hearing of it was the basis
for my disbelieving the claim.  Now I have more reasons to disbelieve it. 
Not one poster has written to say, yes, I lived in Detroit at that time and
everybody knew that the tanks had fired shells.  This is the UseNet.  If it
had happened, somebody here would remember it.  Furthermore, your own
research failed to come up with any support for the claim.  The claim is
extraordinary and it has no supporting evidence, extraordinary or not. 
Unless you count the brags of a couple of guardsmen shooting the shit.  I
do not.

I wrote:
  Unless you also claim that the National Guard managed to cover it up. 

Awesley wrote:
     Taking the tour after the riots, it was pretty easy to tell the 
  difference between Army and Guard troops.  Or so I recall from 26 
  years ago.  And I seem to recall it was the Army running the tanks.
  So it would have been an Army cover-up.

Quibble.  Fine, it was an Army cover-up.  Six years in the Reserves has
taught me the difference also.  But do you think that in two and half
decades not one guilt-ridden participant has come forward and said "yes, I
shelled Americans," or "I gave the orders to fire the cannons," or "I
helped cover it up"?

I wrote:
  If your mind is open enough to believe that, well, good for you.  I
prefer
  to live in reality.   And here in reality, I find it hard to believe that
  those tanks even had any shells, much less fired them.

Awesley replied:
    Given the level in destruction in Detroit, I'm quite willing to believe
  that they did fire their guns.

Good.  Then we can drop the junk about you not claiming that they did. 
Your belief fails a basic reality check: why isn't it known?

Awesley concludes:
     Now then, we've bored the shit out of anyone whose bothered to read
  this far and all you've managed to say is that you don't believe the
  account I cited.

Actually, now we have established that I don't believe what you believe, as
well as why I don't believe it.  And if it's boring, then I yield the last
word to you, if you want it.  You may say anything you like with
impunity--I am dropping the subject.

--John L. Scott

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54449
From: scottj@magic.dml.georgetown.edu (John L. Scott)
Subject: Apology (was: Luser!)

I was shocked to see that the subject of my last rely to awesley was
"Luser!"  That was certainly not my intention.  I meant to leave the
subject line unchanged.  I believe that the NNTP server I use at columbia
must have put in that subject line in protest over problems with my header.
 That was rather rude of them, but beggars can't be choosers, I suppose.

In any case, I didn't do it and I apologize to awesley for the apparent
insult.

--John L. Scott

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54450
From: rubinoff+@cs.cmu.edu (Robert Rubinoff)
Subject: Re: Gritz/JBS/Liberty Lobby/LaRouche/Christic Insitute/Libertarian/...

In article <93105.230230U23590@uicvm.uic.edu> <U23590@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>Note that Bo Gritz was on the Populist party ticket with David
>Duke (for veep) in 1988 until he found out that Duke was leading
>he ticket, when he withdrew his candidacy.  So Gritz gave up his
>chance to be Vice President of the US just to aviod supporting
>Duke.

I'd hardly call that "giving up his chance to be Vice President of the US";
the chance of the Populist Party ticket winning is essentially nil.  Still,
it does imply that he doesn't want to be associated with Duke.

  Robert




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54451
From: mjp@austin.ibm.com  (Michael Phelps)
Subject: Re: Is it really apples to apples?  (Lawful vs. unlawful use of guns)


In article <1993Apr16.092618.22936@husc3.harvard.edu>,
kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim) writes:
|> I have been convinced of the right of AMericans to an effective 
|> self-defense, but something strikes me as odd among the
|> pro-RKBA arguments presented here.
|> 
|> The numbers comparing hundreds of thousands (indeed, even a
|> million) of instances of law abiding citizens deterring
|> criminal activity, seem valid to me.  Likewise the number
|> of gun-caused homicides each year (about 11,000/year?).  However,
|> it is surprising that the "Evil AntiGun Empire " (Darth Vader
|> breathing sound effect here) never tries to compare
|> "All legitimate gun defenses" vs. "All gun crimes."  Instead, 
|> it's always "All legitimate gun defenses,"  which includes
|> cases in which the criminals are shot but not killed, and
|> cases in which the criminal is not here, vs. just 
|> criminal gun homicides, which only includes case sin which
|> the victim died.
|> 
|> Why is this?  Of course, it wouldn't be unreasonable to say
|> that in each crime already measured (involving guns), the
|> consequnces are already known and it is safe to assume that
|> a gun-based bank robbery last week will not suddenly turn
|> into a gun-basd robbery+homicide.  Whereas in the legitimate
|> gun defenses, one may assume that all those criminals who
|> were deterred would have committed more crime or more
|> serious crimes had they not been deterred.

I think its an attempt to show lives_saved v lives_lost; all other
 gun related crimes don't result in lives_lost.  On the other hand,
 its impossible to know how many of the successful self defenses 
 prevented lives from being lost.  In other words, the lives_lost
 is pretty clear [its the homicide and non negligent manslaughter
 number], while the lives saved is some percentage of the successful 
 self defenses.  Clearly that percentage doesn't have to be real 
 high to show that lives_saved > lives_lost.

As a semi-related point, check out Kleck's "Point Blank".  I believe
 it goes into some related areas; it also is well written and informative. 

|> 
|> -Case Kim
|> 
|> kim39@husc.harvard.edu
|> 

-- 
Michael Phelps, (external) mjp@vnet.ibm.com ..
                (internal) mjp@bwa.kgn.ibm.com .. mjp at kgnvmy         
 (and last but not least a disclaimer)  These opinions are mine..       

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54452
From: crrob@sony1.sdrc.com (Rob Davis)
Subject: Re: Insane Gun-toting Wackos Unite!!!


  fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary @ University of Colorado, Boulder):

>I don't know about animal attacks, but there are 23,500 murders
>each year and under 500 die in the manner you suggest. If only
>2.1% of the murders were killings by "wacko"s, you would be
>wrong. Worse, there are also 102,500 rapes and 1,055,000 aggravated
>assaults each year. These numbers make violent attacks, and
>preventing them, thousands of times more significant than the
>accidents you are worried about.
 
 These stats are invalid; we're talking BACKCOUNTRY. These stats for
 rapes/assaults/deaths do not represent the backcountry singularly; the
 great majority represent urban incidents. You should have pointed this out.

  -Rob

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54453
From: jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1993Apr16.010235.14225@mtu.edu>, cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter) writes:
-> > This mention of a well regulated militia is what confuses me.  According
-> > to the Federalist Paper's, a well regulated militia has a well defined 
-> > structure and follows nationally uniform regulations.
-> 
-> Perhaps you should actually READ the Federalist Papers!!

Perhaps you should, reread Federal 29 which deals exclusively with the
"well regulated malitia."  Here is what is says about its character:

	 To oblige the great body of the yeomanry, and of the other classes
	 of the citizens, to be under arms for the purpose of going through
	 military exercises and evolutions, as often as might be necessary to
	 acquire the degree of perfection which would entitle them to the
	 character of a well-regulated militia, 

It also talks about the "well regulated militia" having a nationally
uniform in structure and disipline.  

I will note you did quote the end of this particular paragraph which states:

    	Little more can reasonably be aimed at, with
	respect to the people at large, than to have them properly armed
	and equipped; and in order to see that this be not neglected, it
	will be necessary to assemble them once or twice in the course of
	a year.

But, do you knew how much organization is required to training a large
group of poeple twice a year.  Just to try to get the same people
every year, provide a basic training to new people so they can
be integrated into the force, and find a suitable location, it 
requires a continually standing committee of organizers.  

Since a well regulate militia is nationally uniform in structure and
disipline, and meet once or twice a year to train, how can you claim
a "well regulated militia" is not well organized.  But I will concide 
a "well organized militia" is not necessarily a "well regulated militia." 

Several people have stated that the "well organized militia" is
what is defined under 10 USC 311, which states

	The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied 
	males at least 17 years of age and, except as provided in 
	section 313 of title 32, under 45 years of age who are, 
	or who have made a declaration of intention to become, 
	citizens of the United States and of female citizents of 
	the United States who are commissioned officers of the 
	National Guard.

This deos define the militia, but were is the adjective "well regulated."
10 USC 311 does not define a "well regualed militia" in any way, shape, 
or form.  It only defines who can become part of a well regulated militia
The Federalist Papers CLEARLY define the "well regualed militia" as a
proper SUBSET of the militia.  In the same paragraph quoted above, it
talk above "disciplining all the militia of the United States" so they
fit the "character of a well-regulated militia."  This is what the
paragraph states about the associated costs:

	It would form an annual deduction from the productive labor 
	of the country, to an amount which, calculating upon the 
	present numbers of the people, would not fall far short 
	of the whole expense of the civil  establishments of all 
	the States. To attempt a thing which would abridge the 
	mass of labor and industry to so considerable an extent,
	would be unwise: and the experiment, if made, could not 
	succeed, because it would not long be endured.


Another quote provide by Charles Scripter is:
James Madison, Federalist Paper 41 (regarding the "General Welfare" clause): 
	"Nothing is more natural nor common than first
	to use a general phrase, and then to explain and qualify it by a
	recital of particulars."

So the phrase "the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall 
not be infringed" must either qualify or explain the phrase "a well 
regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state."  
The definition of "explain" as stated in "The American Hertitage
Dictionary of the Enlish Language" The New College Edition, 1982 is:
	1) To make plain or comprehensible; remove obscruity from;
	   elucidate: "It was the economists who undertook to explain 
	   this puzzle"
	2) To define; explicate; expound: He explained his plan.
	3) To offer reasons for or a cause of; an answer for' justify:
	   explain an error
The second phrase clearly does not "explain" the first, therefore
the second phrase must "qualify" the first.  The definition given
for "qualify" is:
	1) To describe by enumerating the characteristics or qualities
	   of; characterize.
	2) To make competent or suitable for office, position, or 
	   task.
	3) To give legal power to; make legally capable.
	4) To modify, limit, or restrict, as giving exceptions.
	5) To make less harsh or severe; moderate
	6) Grammar: To modify the meaning of (a word or phrase)
Since "the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be
infringed" does not describe, modify or make less harsh anything and
it has nothing to do with grammar or some sort of position or task.
By process of elimination it must fall into definition #3.  And since
#3 deals with legal power, the same thing the Constitution does, it
must be the correct definition in this case.  Therefore, "the right 
of the people to keep and bear Arms" gives legal power to the "well 
regualated militia" and this legal power "shall not be infringed".  

I thank you very much Mr Scripter, you have provided me with more 
evidence that the Second Amendment only concerns itseft with the 
people's right to form well regulate militia, and says very little 
about the right of an untrained person to "keep and bear" a .50 caliber
machine gun.  And since I, totally untrained in the use of any firearm
(something I personly have meant to correct by going to a NRA gun
safety course and joining a gun club), cannot legally buy such a machine
gun, I conclude the courts and democraticly elected congress agree with
me.

-> So now we know which category Mr. Rutledge is in; He means to destroy
-> our Liberties and Rights.

I mean "to destory our Liberties and Rights."  Is that why a participate
in the discussion of exactly what "our Libertues and Rights" are?  I 
force my version of "our Liberties and Rights" by begining statements
of what "our Liberties and Rights" with "All that the Second Amendment 
clearly states to me."   Using expressions, such as "states to me," 
clearly mean I intend to force my views on others?  I don't think so.

So in effort not to force my views and not "to destory our Liberties and
Rights,"  I state that nothing I have written, or will write, in
the matter of "Liberties and Rights" is the final word.  For I am only
one person among many and the final word on "Liberties and Rights" cleary
and irrevocably belongs to the many.
 
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
|                             |  "If only it were a modern document, with a   |
| John Lawrence Rutledge      | smart index and hyper links stretching all    |
| Research Assistant          | through the world data net.  It was terribly  |
|                             | frustrating to flip back and forth between    |
| Interactive Media Group     | the pages and crude flat illustrations that   |
| Computer Science Department | never even moved.  Nor were there animated    |
| UMass - Lowell              | arrows or zoom-ins.  It completely lacked a   |
| 1 University Ave.           | for sound.                                    |
| Lowell, MA 01854            |  "Most baffling of all was the problem of new |
|                             | words...  In normal text you'd only have to   |
| (508) 934-3568              | touch an unfamiliar word and the definition   |
| jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu     | would pop up just below."                     |
|                             |                    from David Brin's "Earth"  |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54454
From: ernie@ferris (Ernest Smith)
Subject: Re: Handgun Restrictions

>To: bbs.billand@tsoft.net
>Subject: Re: Handgun Restrictions
>Newsgroups: talk.politics.guns
>In-Reply-To: <ow522B2w165w@tsoft.net>
>Organization: Cray Research, Inc.
>Cc: 
>Bcc: 
>
In article <ow522B2w165w@tsoft.net> you write:
>I would like to know what restrictions there are on purchasing handguns 
>(ie waiting periods, background check etc..) in the states of Nevada and 
>Oregon. Thanks.
>                                                -Bill
>
>--
>Bill Anderson (bbs.billand@tsoft.net)


In Oregon your must get a background check (ie fingerprints, full slap), 15
day waiting period. That is unless you have a CCW then all requirments
have been meet.

		Ernie Smith
		ernie@oregon.cray.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54455
From: crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com (Ron Phillips)
Subject: Re: Armed Citizen - April '93

In article <1993Apr13.162304.16721@lds.loral.com>, kendall@lds.loral.com (Colin Kendall 6842) writes:
|> In article <1993Apr5.164728.10847@dazixco.ingr.com> crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com writes:
|> >
|> >THE ARMED CITIZEN
|> >+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
|> >Mere presence of a firearm, without a shot being fired, prevents
|> >crime in many instances, as shown by news reports sent to The
|> >Armed Citizen.  
|> 
|> Perhaps so, but note that of the accounts cited, there was only
|> one in which no shot was fired. Of the other twelve, five
|> described cases in which the assailant was wounded by a shot,
|> and six described cases in which the assailant was killed by a
|> shot.

And, had not these citizens accepted the moral responsibility to
protect their own lives, there could well have been at least
13 innocent victims lying dead and several criminals still out 
walking the streets perpetrating their crimes on others.



-- 
**************************************************************
* Ron Phillips               crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com *
* Senior Customer Engineer                                   *
* Intergraph Electronics                                     *
* 381 East Evelyn Avenue               VOICE: (415) 691-6473 *
* Mountain View, CA 94041              FAX:   (415) 691-0350 *
**************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54456
From: graham@cs.washington.edu (Stephen Graham)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1qicep$obf@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>In article <1993Apr14.232806.18970@beaver.cs.washington.edu>, graham@cs.washington.edu (Stephen Graham) writes:
>> In article <1qhpcn$b12@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>> >As far as "John Q. Public with a gun," the Supreme Court has already
>> >ruled in cases such as US v. Miller (307 U.S. 175 (1939)), and US v.
>> >Verdugo-Urquidez (110 S. Ct. 1839 (1990)) that that is EXACTLY what 
>> >the amendment protects.  This interpretation can be found as far back
>> >as the Dred Scott case, in 1857.
>> 
>> It's worth noting that US vs. Miller sustained Miller's conviction
>> of possession of an illegal firearm, noting that a sawed-off shotgun
>> was not a proper militia weapon. 
>
>No, they noted that no one had CLAIMED that it was a proper militia
>weapon (despite having been used in at least two wars).  This was true,
>since neither Miller nor his lawyer appeared before the Court.

Did they or did they not sustain Miller's conviction? I don't have the
text of the case handy. 

Yes, shotguns had been used in WWI, the Spanish-American War, and the
US Civil War. That was not in question. The possession of a sawed-off
shotgun was, i.e., a weapon altered to improve concealibility.

>> Therefore, US vs. Miller supports limited government regulation of 
>> firearms.
>
>Don't go arguing down this road unless you are willing to abide by 
>the consequences that you find at the end of it -- mainly, that the
>law-abiding common man has a right to own any weapon that has a militia 
>purpose, from handguns to sawed-off shotguns and fully automatic weapons.
>That, in fact, is what this decision says.

You are free to produce evidence that I'm not willing to abide with
all the implications of this. 

Just because I don't whole-heartedly endorse the NRA position does not
mean that I oppose the RKBA. This attitude is what makes the NRA
unpopular.

-- 
Stephen Graham
graham@cs.washington.edu	 uw-beaver!june!graham

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54457
From: fjk6478@ritvax.isc.rit.edu (Fred)
Subject: Re: Luser!

>
>Actually, now we have established that I don't believe what you believe, as
>well as why I don't believe it.  And if it's boring, then I yield the last
>word to you, if you want it.  You may say anything you like with
>impunity--I am dropping the subject.
>
>--John L. Scott



How very kind of you!




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54458
From: bjones@convex.com (Brad Jones)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks


>In article <1qkcok$s9i@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>, ci946@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (John K. Gever) writes:

>|> 
>|> Does anybody reading this group have an actual, honest-to-God
>|> experience with violent crime in the backcountry to tell about?
>|> 

It was around 1969 in the Shenandoah Valley near Woodstock, Virginia.  Me,
my wife, a friend, his wife, and his 2 kids were hiking in a totally
desolate mountain area.  All of a sudden, large rocks began raining down
on us.  Looking up, we saw at least 3 punks gleefully letting loose rocks
from what was an obvious stash.  They were a couple hundred feet above us.
Meanwhile, the women and kids were screaming and running for cover and the
punks were shrieking with laughter.  Me and my friend yelled for them to
knock it off.  They responded that we should "Get f***ed!".  Me and my
friend drew our pistols and fired a couple of times into the trees above
their heads.  They ran.  With no more 3-5 pound rocks coming at our heads,
we proceeded on our journey.

Sorry, but me and my friend saw no need to let it evolve to a more
"violent" level than we were already experiencing.  I guess we should
have tried harder to understand and cope with the anger that society
had instilled in them and was driving them to do such things.  Guess
that's a cross I'll have to bear.

Brad

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54460
From: yoony@aix.rpi.edu (Young-Hoon Yoon)
Subject: Re: Gun Talk -- Legislative Update for States

viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson) writes:

>lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:

>>IOWA:  All firearm related bills are dead.  Senate File 303
>>dealing with off-duty police officers carrying concealed remains
>>viable.

>	The *POWER* of the word processor and a stamp at work.
>The fact that around here the state rep generally lives no more than
>nine miles from any constituent doesn't hurt, either.

>< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
><  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
><     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
><                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >


Does anyone know the particulars on the Senate File 303?
Does this bill allow or deny off-duty police from carrying concealed?

From what information that I have, Iowa has a discretionary permit policy
on CCW.  If S 303 allows police(off-duty) to carry concealed then I would
be inclined to oppose it.  I don't believe off-duty police officers should
have any more rights than civilians.  If law or policy prevents law-abiding
citizens from being armed for self defense then why should off-duty police
officer be treated any differently.  

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54462
From: clay@rsd.dl.nec.com (Clay Finley)
Subject: Re: Carrying Arms

|> In article <1993Apr5.220457.6800@spdc.ti.com> dwhite@epcot.spdc.ti.com (Dan White) writes:
|> 
|> >However, haven't we already lost our right to bear arms?
|> 
|> >	It seems that in most states, like Texas, a citizen may own a
|> >gun and carry while at his home or business.  But a citizen is severely
|> >restricted from bearing outside these areas.  Here in Texas you cannot
|> >carry in your car except when "traveling" which is usually defined as
|> >"traveling across a county line."  How did this come about?  Are there
|> >any court rulings on the legality of restricting the carrying of a
|> >weapon outside the home?  
|> 

In Texas, it is legal to carry handguns while "traveling", and also to and from
sporting activities.           ^^^^^^^^

Chapter 46 of the Texas State Penal Code does NOT restrict long guns.
Therefore, it is legal to carry and transport long guns any place in Texas.

Regards,
Clay


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54463
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:
:An 'edu'er not towing the "party" line, thank you!
:
:Jim

You're welcome!  ;)  Actually, I'm probably something of an outcast, because
I've committed the ultimate college-student heresy:  I'm not a liberal.
(This is NOT liberal-bashing.)


Mike
-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54464
From: wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <nate.1485.735408842@psygate.psych.indiana.edu> nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle) writes:
><34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
>>Ah yes, I see a few liberal weenies have come out of the woodwork
>>to defend the burning of the children.
>
>    Actually all the liberals I've seen have deplored the burning of 
>children. I would far preferred that the Davidians had not set the 
>fire that burned themselves and their children to death, but I don't 
>believe that the responsibility for the fire (or the almost complete 
>absense of attempts to escape the blaze) can be placed at the door of 
>the Federal authorities.
>
So far, there is NO credible evidence that the BD's set the fires
themselves. We only have the ATF/FBI's sayso. Law enforcements type
would *never* lie to cover their ass, right?

>>Probably drooled all over themselves while watching the TV coverage.
>
>    Not so. My wife got me a convenient plastic "drip pan" for Christmas...
>
>>Probably had a few like that in Nazi Germany, as well.
>
>    Yeah, those Nazis. You know how we liberals just love those Nazis.

No, not love, just share a surprising similarity of beliefs and
method.

>>Oh yeah, ATF/FBI now claims, according the the media, that there are
>>a few survivors. The number seems to vary minute by minute.
>
>    Yeah, as information trickles in... funny how that works...

Funny, yeah, funny how you didn't wait for the FBI spokesdroid 
latest reversal of "facts" before proclaiming the BD's burned
themselves to death.


>Nathan Engle                        Software Juggler
>Psychology Department               Indiana University
>nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu      nengle@silver.ucs.indiana.edu


-- 
 +   Wayne J. Warf -- WWARF@ucs.indiana.edu -- I speak for myself only   +
 |*Clinton*Gore*CIA*FBI*DEA*Assassinate*Bomb*WoD*BoR*ATF*IRS*Resist*NSA* |
 |*Christian*God*Satan*Apocalypse*ZOG*Nazi*Socialist*Communist*Explosive*|
 +*fundamentalist*revolution*NSC*Federal Reserve*Constitution*gold*FEMA* +

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54466
From: <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

Ah yes, I see a few liberal weenies have come out of the woodwork
to defend the burning of the children. Probably drooled all over themselves
while watching the TV coverage.

Probably had a few like that in Nazi Germany, as well.

Oh yeah, ATF/FBI now claims, according the the media, that there are
a few survivors. The number seems to vary minute by minute.




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54467
From: <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>
Subject: Re: Who's next? Mormons and Jews?

As a minor point of interest, earlier news reports claim to have
been quoting the Governor of Texas when Her Holiness referred to
the Dividians as _Mormons_ and called for their expulsion
from TX. Any Texans have details?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54468
From: blake@nevada.edu (Rawlin Blake)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

In article <1993Apr21.160642.12470@ringer.cs.utsa.edu> whughes@lonestar.utsa.edu (William W. Hughes) writes:
>From: whughes@lonestar.utsa.edu (William W. Hughes)
>Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1
>Date: Wed, 21 Apr 1993 16:06:42 GMT
>In article <feustelC5tw49.7p5@netcom.com> feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:
>>I predict that the outcome of the study of what went wrong with the
>>Federal Assault in Waco will result in future assaults of that type
>>being conducted as full-scale military operations with explicit
>>shoot-to-kill directives.
>
>You mean they aren't already? Could have fooled me.
>
>
>-- 
>                            REMEMBER WACO!
>     Who will the government decide to murder next? Maybe you?
>[Opinions are mine; I don't care if you blame the University or the State.]

Well, it seems we don't learn the lessons of history do we?

I was hoping that Kent State taught us a lesson.

Apparently not.

Apparently the government will murder anyone they choose to still.

---
Rawlin Blake    blake@nevada.edu

No .sig is a good .sig

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54469
From: tomgift@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu (Tom Gift)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu (Jason 'Think!' Steiner) writes:


>> Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
>> Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.

>oh, i see. electricity is a natural right & our wonderful government
>would -never- cut off the power to the people they were besieging.
>are you really this dumb, or just acting like it for the sake of
>argument?

>jason

No, they didn't have electrical power, but no, I don't find the idea of
Davidians calmly cooking lunch with gas masks on as the FBI knocks the
buildings down very credible,either.

It's not like this whole discussion is relevant.  It started when some-
one made the wholly unsubstantiated allegation that the wood stove ig-
nited NAPALM the FBI shot into the buildings.

I'm not a groveling apoligist for the feds, far from it.  But wild ac-
cusations like this are ridiculous and obfuscate legitimate criticism of
their conduct in this whole affair.

Tom Gift
tomgift@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54470
From: dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

NUT CASE PANICS!!!!REALIZES HE'S MADE A COMPLETE FOOL OF HIMSELF IN FRONT OF
THOUSANDS OF NETTERS!!!!BACKS AWAY FROM EARLIER RASH STATEMENTS!!!!GOD HAVE
MERCY ON HIM!!!!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54471
From: diederic@spot.Colorado.EDU (Andrew Diederich)
Subject: Re: Ax the ATF

 
>A few comments on the ATF's botched handling of this case:
 
>Dan S.

  And another one:

Hasn't enyone heard of a leader's recon?  This is when the leader of the
assult goes and looks at the objective to see if anything has changed that
would affect the mission.  Even the Freshman cadets here in ROTCland
know about them.  Mostly because they know it as the part where they 
lie on the cold ground for an hour or so, but they've heard about it.
Maybe the ATF should have hired out to the local ROTC guys!


-- 
Andrew Diederich                    diederic@spot.colorado.edu

These opinions are only mine on alternate Tuesdays.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54472
From: gs26@prism.gatech.EDU (Glenn R. Stone)
Subject: Impeach Clinton, Reno


Fact:  Both Janet Reno and Bill Clinton have admitted responsibility,
       even grief, over the deaths in Waco.

Fact:  Regardless of who started the fire, there are more than enough
       things on tape to make a civil rights case against these two.
       Cruel and unusual punishment (dying tortured rabbits on tape?)
       come to mind.  

Fact:  It is a federal felony to infringe civil rights under color of
       law; where death is involved, this offense carries a penalty
       of life in prison.

Fact:  Impeachment is allowable for "high crimes and misdemeanors."
       Anything that's a federal felony should qualify.

Conclusion:  We have NO CHOICE, if we are an honest people, but to 
             impeach Mr. Clinton, and remove Reno from office.

Glenn R. Stone (glenns@eas.gatech.edu)
wearer of asbestos underoos

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54473
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
:mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
:
:> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day
:> in Texas. 
:
:Do YOU eat all your food cold?

Thank you for pointing out the obvious to people who so clearly missed it.
I can't stand it when people's first reaction is to defend the aggressor.

Mr. Tavares, you have a unique and thoughtful way of getting to the heart
of the matter, and I thank you for putting it to good use.

Mike Ruff


-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54474
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
:glenns@eas.gatech.edu writes:
:>Hey, gang, it's not about duck hunting, or about dark alleys,
:>it's about black-clad, helmeted and booted troops storming
:>houses and violating civil rights under color of law. 
:>
:>Are YOU ready to defend YOUR Constitution?
:
:Its also about crazy fatigue clad survivalist types blasting the 
:snot out of people who accidentally stray onto his land in the
:name of 'self defense.'

Well, the count is now at least 86 dead by government action.  How many
have been killed in the last year in the manner you described?  What, no
facts?  Oh, how silly of me; I forgot, you don't like guns, so you don't
need no stinkin' facts.


:Don't get too self-righteous, Mr. gun-toter.

Don't get too smug, Mr. gun-hater.


Mike Ruff
-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54475
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Who's next? Mormons and Jews?

In article <93110.11265034AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>, <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
> As a minor point of interest, earlier news reports claim to have
> been quoting the Governor of Texas when Her Holiness referred to
> the Dividians as _Mormons_ and called for their expulsion
> from TX. Any Texans have details?

The Davidians are a 60-year-old splinter from the Seventh Day Adventists,
if that's the information you were looking for.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54476
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tBwr.5xI@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, tomgift@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu (Tom Gift) writes:

> No, they didn't have electrical power, but no, I don't find the idea of
> Davidians calmly cooking lunch with gas masks on as the FBI knocks the
> buildings down very credible,either.

I don't know how quickly YOU can get a woodstove to heat up from a cold
start, but mine takes about three hours.

> It's not like this whole discussion is relevant.  It started when some-
> one made the wholly unsubstantiated allegation that the wood stove ig-
> nited NAPALM the FBI shot into the buildings.

Mox nix.  The BD's were prepared to provide their own heat and light,
and were doing so for weeks while the power was out.  That means the
compound contained containers of flammable liquids or gases (that could
be busted by a tank intrusion), plus ignition sources, which no one can 
tell for sure were all off at the time.

> I'm not a groveling apoligist for the feds, far from it.  But wild ac-
> cusations like this are ridiculous and obfuscate legitimate criticism of
> their conduct in this whole affair.

On the contrary.  We are proposing alternate scenarios.  The people who
are coming to wild conclusions are the feds, who are absolutely positive
how the fire started, even though none of them were in a position to 
see it, either (and the stories they "hear" from their prisoners changes
hourly).
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54477
From: syck5280@miller.cs.uwm.edu (Steven B Syck)
Subject: WI and IL firearms law Questions



A couple of questions for you firearms law experts out there:  

Question #1

According to the NRA/ILA state firearms lawbook, in Wisconsin it is
'unlawful for any person except a peace officer to go armed* with a 
"concealed and dangerous weapon."  There is no statutory provision for
obtaining a lixense or permit to carry a concealed weapon.'

*  Jury instructions indicate that 'to go armed' one must have a firearm
on one's person or within his immediate control and available for use.



Does this mean that open carry is allowed?  If so, just how 'open' does it
have to be?  Would an in the pants holster be considered concealing?  What
if one had their jacket on and it partially covered the weapon?  Also,
is there any way to be allowed to carry concealed, or is it just not allowed,
period? 

Question #2

As I understand it, in Evanston, IL, they have a ordinance banning handguns.
Is there any way to get around this provision?  What would the penalty if
you were found out be?  What if you used said handgun in a defensive shooting
in your apartment there?  How would the city law apply to your impending 
trial for the shooting?
Also, what is IL state law concerning short barreled weapons?  Short barreled
shotgun is what I would be interested in if a handgun were not available, 
either that or a shortened 9mm carbine (ie Colt, Marlin).  
One more thing, what is the chance of getting a CCW permit in IL without being
rich or famous or related to the mayor?

Please send replies via E-Mail, as things seem to be piling up around t.p.g
a little faster than I can handle.  Thanks again 
-------   Steve Syck        syck5280@miller.cs.uwm.edu        --------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54478
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
:cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
:>mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
:>>
:>> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm 
:>> day in Texas. 
:>
:>Do YOU eat all your food cold?
:
:Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
:Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.

Hey, Einstein, ever tried to use an electric stove or microwave WITHOUT
ELECTRICITY?  It's been shut off for weeks now, courtesy of your local FBI
assault squad.

Now, are you going to put your foot in your mouth or shall I get a crowbar
and assist you?


Mike Ruff
-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54479
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
:jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
:> Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect
:> them. Resistance is useless. 
:
:Don't tell me -- you're the "Borg Warner," right?

HAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.  Hee, hee.  <chuckle>

This was absolutely fabulous.  I nearly fell out of my chair laughing.
Wonderful!  Mr. Tavares, my hat is off to you again!


Mike Ruff

-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54480
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5t2IC.DC@news.udel.edu>, roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:

> >>Please tell me what you think would have happened had the people 
> >>come out with their hands up several weeks ago.

> Now will you answer my question up top?

A suggestion: cameras panning over planted automatic weapons, followed by
a show trial and medals all around for the valiant forces of Lawn Order?
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54481
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr20.124518.886@batman.bmd.trw.com> auerbach@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>Women stand up for your right to be just as stupid as men.

Our new Attorney General seems determined to do so. In the past
few days she has said:

	She hopes the King beating will not reduce public confidince
	in law enforcement.

	The tactics of using tear gas and driving tanks through
	walls in Waco were intended to further a "peacefull solution"
	to the crisis.

	Those same tactics were intended to prevent a mass suicide,
	but she never expected the sect to react by killing themselves.

It's comforting to know, at least, that she wasn't Clinton's first
choice...

                                                   Frank Crary
                                                   CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54482
From: cash@convex.com (Peter Cash)
Subject: Raid justification was: Blast them next time

In article <1r1chu$h22@pandora.sdsu.edu> chiu@io.nosc.mil (Francis Chiu) writes:

>    Initial assault on the "compound" ( more like a wooden farm house if
>  it burned to the ground like it did ) for WHAT?  Regardless of who
>  started/caused the fire, NONE of this would have happened if the
>  ATF can HONESTLY justify their initial assault and handled it 
>  properly!  

I just got through listening to the 10 o'clock news on Channel 4 here in
Dallas. They trotted out a list of justifications produced by the ATF after
"months of investigation" for their raid. 

I couldn't believe the junk on this list! For example, the BDs were accused
of stockpiling a bunch of "9mm and .223 ammunition that can be used in M15
and M16 assault rifles". Imagine that--they had ammunition!  They also had
aluminum dust! (Yeah, it's a component of thermite, but so far I haven't
heard that it's illegal to take a grinder to the aluminum lawn
furniture...) The only thing on the list that could conceivably have been
illegal was an M-79 grenade launcher. (Anybody know about this?)

Months of investigation! For this 80+ people died!

-- 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
             |      Die Welt ist alles, was Zerfall ist.     |
Peter Cash   |       (apologies to Ludwig Wittgenstein)      |cash@convex.com
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54483
From: yodicet@gtewd.mtv.gtegsc.com
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <93110.11320334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>, <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
> Ah yes, I see a few liberal weenies have come out of the woodwork
> to defend the burning of the children. Probably drooled all over themselves
> while watching the TV coverage.
> 
> Probably had a few like that in Nazi Germany, as well.
> 
> Oh yeah, ATF/FBI now claims, according the the media, that there are
> a few survivors. The number seems to vary minute by minute.
> 
> 
> 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54486
From: green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

Just to shed some light on the fire, it was widely reported (AP, etc.) that
there WERE several witnesses to BD folks starting the fires.  It has also
been reported that the fires broke out in several places at once, which
rules out a Bradley knocking over a lamp, etc. as the cause.

What I would like to see is some serious discussion of this incident.  I
believe the moves made were right and proper, but I still have some problems
with some of the tactics.  After watching the ABC special on it tonight, as
well as CNN and Nightline, I question some of the ATF and FBI actions.

1) Could it have been possible to have taken Koresh outside the compound at
some time before the Feb. 28th raid?

2) Could a further wait have resulted in a different outcome.

3) Were FBI actions (blaring loudspeakers, etc.) the "right" course of action?

And a few other questions.  Like I said, I believe the actions taken, in
general, were proper.  But I still have some reservations.

One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54487
From: dnewcomb@whale.st.usm.edu (Donald R. Newcomb)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

First, I would like to say how much I appreciate having so literate and
erudite an individual as Mr. Rutledge with whom to discuss this topic.
Frankly, most anti-RKBA posters refuse even to approach the topic of
the original understanding of the Bill of Rights as detailed in the
writings of the era. This  is most refreshing.

Second, I must apologize for leaving the discussion for several days.
My brigade's quarterly drill was this weekend and I needed to attend
to several matters pertaining to the State Militia.

Some people seem to feel that the concept of the Militia is an anachro-
nism that is out of place in the 20th century. I'm not sure the Swiss
would agree and I think perhaps a discussion of how the Militia, both
organized and unorganized, fits into the defense plans of my State,
Mississippi. Please do not assume that this describes something peculiar
to one southern state. For instance, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
has a well organized Militia which, members report, maintains stocks
of both riot guns and machine guns. The laws of other States will vary
but are probably similar.

Title 35  of Mississippi Code defines our Militia as "all able-bodied
citizens of the state between the ages of seventeen (17) and sixty-
two (62) years...". The Militia is divided into 3 classes: The National
Guard, the Mississippi State Guard and the unorganized Militia.  The
National Guard is a strange sort of fish from a Constitutional perspective.
It tries to be both State Militia and Federal Reserve. The discussion
of this "para-constitutional" arrangement is quite interesting in itself
but somewhat beyond the scope of this discussion. Suffice it that, at this
date, the National Guard has ceased to have any Constitutional standing
as anything but a Federal reserve force.

Mississippi, and most other States, maintains a purely State organized
Militia. In Mississippi this is called The State Guard. In other 
States it may be called something else. The State Guard exists as
a cadre or training corps made up of mostly experienced officers and
senior NCOs who serve as volunteers without compensation. We drill
on a monthly basis at the company and battalion level, brigade once
a quarter and have an annual drill of the whole organization. Our
State-authorized cadre strength is 694. This is a skeleton of an
organization without any flesh. The muscle and sinew when needed will
come from the unorganized Militia.

In time of invasion, insurrection or calamity the Governor can order
the activation of the State Guard. When this takes place a call will
first be made  for volunteers to fill the organization out to either
its contingency strength of 2194 or full strength of 4910. In the
event that a sufficient number of people fail to volunteer, the law
provides detailed instructions for the conducting of a draft of the
unorganized Militia. The size of the State Guard is not specified by
law, but rather by executive order. At one time, the organized Militia
of Mississippi consisted of 68 regiments. Needless to say, the State
does not have armories brimming with weapons with which to equip such
a force. The historical precedent for arming such a force is by use
of mostly the private arms of the Militiamen. 

It is my hope that demonstrates that State Militias are far from being
the long dead anachronisms that some may wish to claim.

>No, I simple stated that the people have a right to "join a well
>organized militia."  And I have also stated that a militia that
>meets once or twice a year is clearly "well organized."  And this
>state of readiness that I have claimed the people have a "right"
>to, is the same state of readiness expected of the militia as stated
>by Hamilton. 

Regarding Hamilton: If you take Hamilton's opinion as being the sole
representative of the opinions of the Founding Fathers, you will have
chosen a highly skewed sample set. Hamilton was on the extreme Federalist
end of the political spectrum. Others, such as Coxe and Henry, can
be chosen to represent the other end. Many contemporaries felt that
the idea of having a standing Army of any sort or even a select Militia
or "train bands" were contrary to the egalitarian nature of the govern-
ment they were striving to perfect. The compromise reached was to
provide for a small Army, which had to be refinanced every two years,
and iron-clad protection for the Militia, which was to remain ever,
"terrible and irresistible".

These protections included: State control, not Federal; limitation
of Federal utilization of the Militia (i.e. execute Laws, suppress
Insurrections and repel Invasions), and the Right to Keep and Bear
Arms to prevent what the British had tried to do at Lexington.
These limitations eventually proved so onerous to the Federal Govern-
ment that they were skirted by the creation of the National Guard.

The National Guard was created for one very simple reason: the 
Constitutional Militia was had proved too unreliable for fighting
wars of imperial expansion. (e.g. Spanish-American War). The
Constitution provided that the Militia could only be employed by
the Federal government in very limited purposes. As far back as the
War of 1812, Militia units had refused to leave United States
territory to attack the enemy. Further, there was no Constitutional
authorization for any conscription of anyone into the Federal
Military and Militiamen were particularly protected. In all wars until
WW-I every American who left the country under arms was a volunteer.
When the National Guard acts of 1903-1916 required that each new
member also enlist as a reservest in the Army, existing soldiers were
"grandfathered". At least one of these "grandfathered" individuals
refused to go to France in 1918 and his refusal was upheld by the
Federal Courts.

Mr. Rutledge has stated that the Second Amendment applies only to
members of a "well organized" militia. However, the pre-Constitutional
history of the American Militia shows relatively few periods when
The Militia came close to meeting either Messrs. Rutledge or Hamilton's
definition of "well organized". In the period of peace between the
French & Indian War and The Revolution many companies simply stopped
drilling and had to be reconstituted just prior to The Revolution.
Perhaps Mr. Rutledge would care to argue that those of my ancestors
who answered the Lexington alarm had forfeited their rights because
their units didn't drill for a few years in the 1760s. I would not
be so bold.

Again, I wish to repeat. The National Guard, for all its merits, is
not the Militia described by the Constitution  nor by Mr. Hamilton
nor by Mr. Henry nor by Mr. Coxe. The fact that the Federal Government
and many States are delinquent in their attentions to and organizing
of their Constitutional Militias  diminishes neither their
responsibilities nor the rights of the Militia as detailed in the
Constitution.
 
Misunderstanding of the nature and purpose of the Militia is but one
error that has crept into modern readings of the Constitution. The
Constitution prohibits States from keeping "Troops or Ships of War
in time of Peace". I have heard some insist this prevents States from
maintaining a Militia, but this comes about because people today do not
understand the meanings of the words in their 18th century usage.
Today we call any large vessel a "ship" but in the 18th century the word
described a particular kind of vessel.  A "ship" is a large vessel with
three or more masts each carrying square rigged sails. A "brig" has two
masts. In the contemporary usage the States were prohibited only from keeping
the largest warships of the day, those capable of global operations. Today's
equivalent might be a prohibition on the States' keeping nuclear missiles.
"Troops" at this time meant a full-time professional military organization.
Any study of contemporaneous writings will bear this out. 

In at least one respect, I am in agreement with Mr. Rutledge; being
personally involved in the maintenance and advancement of The Militia
as a viable means of defense for a modern society, I am frequently
both bemused and saddened when friends and associates wax poetic on
their place in the unorganized Militia and become strangely silent or
scarce when invited to attend a  drill of their State's Militia.
-- 
Donald R. Newcomb              * University of Southern Mississippi
dnewcomb@whale.st.usm.edu      * This is the way we tax and spend, tax 
dnewcomb@falcon.st.usm.edu     * and spend. We're Democrats in office.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54488
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...

In article <1993Apr20.050550.4660@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca> j979@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca (FULLER  M) writes:
>That the gas was "not harmful", as the sensitive, caring Janet Reno described 
>it?

Is it? As far as I know, tear gas, especially in large concentrations,
is very dangerous (even toxic) for small children. This makes the
FBI's supposedconcern for the safety of the children seem rather 
hypocritical.

                                                       Frank Crary
                                                       CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54489
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1r21g2INNeah@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:
>In article <C5sou8.LnB@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
>writes:
>> In article <1993Apr20.163730.16128@guinness.idbsu.edu> betz@gozer.idbsu.edu  
>(Andrew Betz) writes:
>> >In article <C5rynw.Iz8@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
>writes:
>> >>And I suppose the FBI also prevented them from coming out with their 
>> >>hands up while national tv cameras watch.
>> >>
>> >Watch from where?  Two miles away?  Far enough away that whatever
>> >really happenned must be explained through the vengeful filter of
>> >a humiliated agency that said (quote!) "Enough is enough."
>> 
>> Please tell me what you think would have happened had the people 
>> come out with their hands up several weeks ago.
>> 
>It didn't happen.

And who is responsible for it not happening?
Certainly not the children.  Koresh was calling the shots.  He was 
talking with his lawyer and the FBI.  Since others were released safely, 
there is no sane reason for keeping the children inside the compound.

>> >>scenario that is simplest and most plausible.  I do not generally 
>> >>believe in conspiracy theories that involve complicated and unlikely 
>> >>scenarios.
>> >
>> >The FBI sent letters to Martin Luther King's wife insinuating
>> >that MLK was having an affair!  Again, please tell us exactly
>> >how much you trust our supposedly benevolent government.
>> 
>> More than someone who would not release children from the compound.
>> 
>Obviously.  You are an authority worshiper.

Not at all.  Are you a Koresh worshiper?

>> I.e., more than David Koresh/Vernon Howell/"Jesus Christ".
>> I saw lengthy excerpts from an Australian documentary made in 
>> 1992 that clearly showed that this was a cult.
>
>Give me a camera, and time with you, and I can present excerpts that show you  
>to be a cult leader.  Guarenteed. 

Thanks for my laugh of the day!  Definitely a very silly supposition.

>You should at least view the whole  
>documentary before you claim it as a source.

I would if I could.  The news show that showed the lengthy excerpts also 
had interviews with the filmmaker who made the documentary who basically 
confirmed what was shown in the excerpts from the time he spent at the 
compound in 1992.

>> I am not pleased with the BATF handling of the affair.  I think they 
>> bungled it badly from the start.  But I don't think they are 
>> responsible for the fire, which started in two different places.
>
>Two places, eh?  You saw this?  Or did the wonderful FBI tell you this?  
>I saw one place.

I believe that this was reported by local radio reporters on site.
A fire started in a three story tower at the same time as the two 
story window shown on the tv coverage.

>> >>The BATF is by no means devoid of fault in the handling of this affair.
>> >>But to suggest that they may have intentionally started the fire is 
>> >>ludicrous.
>> >
>> >I suspect that there were plenty of camerapeople willing to
>> >risk small arms fire to get some good footage.  These people
>> >were told to get the hell out of camera range.  Why?
>
>Couldn't answer this one, eh?  This is the most important question of all, it  
>is the root cause of all the other suspicion.

I thought about mentioning how Reagan and the military treated the press 
in Grenada and how that set the precedent, but decided it wasn't worthy 
of discussion.  If the news reporter got shot, you can bet his family 
would sue the government for letting him into the danger area.

The root cause of suspicion in my mind is why 100 people wouldn't flee 
a building that had numerous exits during the 30 minutes time it took 
to burn down.  Or why didn't they flee hours earlier when the tear gas was 
first introduced?  I can find no rational explanation for their behavior.

-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54490
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: The Cold War: Who REALLY Won?

In article <1993Apr20.220335.9235@linus.mitre.org> glover@tafs2.mitre.org  
(Graham K. Glover) writes:
> If one reasons that the United States of America at one time represented 
> and protected freedom << individual liberty and personal responsibility >> 
> (and I do, in fact, think that this is true) and that totalitarianism << 
> absolute government control and tyranny >> represents freedom's opposite 
> (which it does), did the USA really win the cold war?

Of course not.  The USA's only hope is for Yelsen (how ever you spell it) to  
fail the referendum, and have the hard-liners take over again.

> 
> Standard disclaimers ALWAYS apply!
> 
> ----------------
> Graham K. Glover
> ----------------
> 
> UNMUTUAL

--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54491
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...

In article <1r1lp1INN752@mojo.eng.umd.edu> chuck@eng.umd.edu (Chuck Harris - WA3UQV) writes:
>>If so, why was CS often employed against tunnels in Vietnam?

>CS "tear-gas" was used in Vietnam because it makes you wretch so hard that
>your stomach comes out thru your throat.  Well, not quite that bad, but
>you can't really do much to defend yourself while you are blowing cookies.

I think the is BZ gas, not CS or CN. BZ gas exposure results in projectile
vomiting, loss of essentially all muscle control, inability to concentrate
or think rationally and fatal reactions in a significant fraction of
the population. For that reason its use is limited to military
applications.

                                                          Frank Crary
                                                          CU Boulder
 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54495
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1r21vqINNeb8@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:
>In article <C5spov.LrE@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
>writes:
>> In article <1r0qsrINNc61@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De  
>Arras) writes:
>> >In article <C5s0Ds.J54@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
>> >writes:
>> >> I agree that they deserved a trial.  They had more than 40 days to come 
>> >> out and get their trial.  They chose to keep the children with them and 
>> >> to stay inside.  They chose to stay inside even after they were tear  
>gassed.
>> >> I do not find these actions rational.  Even Noriega was smart enough to 
>> >> give up and go for the trial he deserved.
>> >> 
>> >
>> >Mr. Roby, you are a government sucking heartless bastard.  
>> 
>> Unworthy of comment.
>
>But apparently true.  My opinion, only, of course.

So, your opinion is truth.  I see...  :-)

>> >Humans died  
>> >yesterday, humans who would not have died if the FBI had not taken the 
>> >actions  
>> >they did.  That is the undeniable truth.  I cried for them.  
>> 
>> Nor would they have died if they had come out with their hands empty.
>> That is undeniable truth.  
>
>No, it is not.  It is possible the FBI planned for this to happen, and the  
>gunfire heard was the FBI keeping the folks inside.  I'm not proposing this as  
>the way it went down, but just to point out that it's not "undeniable" that if  
>they walked out yesterday, they would be alive today.

You can believe that if you wish.  It is undeniable, however, that people 
have left the compound unharmed and alive earier in the standoff.

And since their leader was preaching that they would have an apocalypse, you 
can not say undeniably that there wouldn't have been a mass suicide if the 
FBI had simply stayed outside and waited another 51 days.

>> My heart bleeds just as much as yours for 
>> the children who were never released given 51 days of ample opportunities 
>> to do so.  My heart also bleeds for people so blinded by religious devotion 
>> to not have the common sense to leave the compound when tanks came up 
>> and started dropping in tear gas early in the morning.
>
>My heart "bleeds" for no one.  You are the "bleeding heart".  And I'm sure  
>beyond any possible doubt that you do not feel for those people as I do.  You  
>can not say the heartless things you have said if you did.

I am the heartless bleeding heart?  You are not making sense.
You seem to have no concern that someone would keep children inside this 
compound when they had 51 days to let them out.  That sounds pretty heartless 
to me.

I just heard on the news that some of the survivors regret they hadn't 
stayed in the inferno to prove their loyalty to Koresh.  This makes me 
sad and sick.

>> >You seem to say  
>> >they got what they deserved.
>> 
>> I do not think this.  However, if they did set the fire (which started in 
>> more than one place and spread very quickly), then they got what they 
>> wanted and put into motion themselves.
>
>"they got what they wanted".  What kind of creature are you that you can  
>believe this?

Have you ever heard of Jonestown?
The sad thing is the people inside the compound were the authority 
worshipers and their only authority was Koresh/Howell.   If these 
people were able to think for themselves, there would likely be a lot 
more survivors today.  Koresh preached a fiery apocalypse as early as 
last year.

>> I see the BATF is going to be investigated by the Justice Dept. and likely 
>> by Arlen Spectre and congress.  This is good.  They have bungled the affair 
>> from the start.
>
>We agree on this.  Now lets have your God, the FBI, investigated, too.

By all means, the FBI should be investigated, too.  
BTW, I thought the second ammendment was God.  :-)

>> >Jim
>> >--
>> >jmd@handheld.com
>>  


-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54496
From: fontenot@ravl.rice.edu (Dwayne Jacques Fontenot)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu> green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green) writes:
>Just to shed some light on the fire, it was widely reported (AP, etc.) that
>there WERE several witnesses to BD folks starting the fires.  It has also
>been reported that the fires broke out in several places at once, which
>rules out a Bradley knocking over a lamp, etc. as the cause.

Consider this: The BDs had more than one lamp; The tanks made more than
one hole in the building. Did anyone else notice on the video that it
appeared that wherever there was smoke coming out of the building, there
was a tank nearby?

The fact that it appears that fires started in several places does not
rule out anything.

Also, where are these several witnesses? The way I heard it (from the FBI
spokesman on CNN) the "witnesses" were all people driving the tanks.

>One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
>"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
>had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.

Too bad nothing will happen to her or him. The FBI and the media have
done their job well.

Dwayne Jacques Fontenot

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54498
From: phz@cadence.com (Pete Zakel)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1993Apr16.010235.14225@mtu.edu> cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter) writes:
>You didn't even get the capitalization correct!  Try reading USCA on
>the Constitution, or get any other CORRECT version of the
>Constitution. 

This is REALLY STUPID nitpicking.  Capitalization rules in the late 18th
century were quite different from today, and what was posted matches current
capitalization rules.

We also don't make 's' look like 'f' and other such things done in the late
seventeen hundreds.

In the original Constitution, "militia", "arms", etc. were capitalized simply
because they were nouns.  This is also done currently in German.  There is
no special significance to these words simply because they are capitalized.
The capitalization denotes no special emphasis.

-Pete Zakel
 (phz@cadence.com or ..!uunet!cadence!phz)

	ARIES (Mar 21 - Apr 19)
You are the pioneer type and hold most people in contempt.  You are
quick tempered, impatient, and scornful of advice.  You are not very
nice.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54499
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In <C5rynw.Iz8@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:

>And I suppose the FBI also prevented them from coming out with their 
>hands up while national tv cameras watch.

	Would *you* have come out if you knew the only national TV
cameras were well over a mile away, and yet the agents with the guns
were only a few yards away?  They had contact with a lawyer, so I
am inclined to believe they had an idea of what their situation
actually was.  This also leads to the conspiracy theory that the
lawyer had the BATF pinned on rights violations if the BD's
acted as witnesses, hence the arson.  I doubt that one too, but
it is still quite clear that leaving a safe place to surrender is
a rather stupid thing to do until that place is no longer safe.

>Do you disbelieve everything the FBI says?

	As a matter of course, given how they've allowed no other
views to be heard.  I'll reserve judgement until the trial, but so
far as the FBI is concerned their statements carry the same amount
of weight as photons at rest.

>The BATF is by no means devoid of fault in the handling of this affair.
>But to suggest that they may have intentionally started the fire is 
>ludicrous.

	Ludicrous, yes.  Possible, yes.  Plausible?  Get the jury.

>If the fire were set by accident or by people outside the compound, I would 
>have expected far more cult members to flee the compound.  Or at least come 
>out shooting.

	That's what gets me too.  It is likely the cult members were
holed up in an enforced place inside the building.  With a decent arson
attempt I suspect many of them could have been trapped.  In addition,
the introduction of CS gas for several hours would have rendered many
of them immobile if not unconscious when their masks quit.  All the props
are there, but proving what scene was played is difficult.  The only
certainty is that the FBI and BATF have few witnesses against them.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54500
Subject: Re: "Proper gun control?" What is proper gun cont
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)

In article <C5JGz5.34J@SSD.intel.com> hays@ssd.intel.com (Kirk Hays) writes:
>I'd like to point out that I was in error - "Terminator" began posting only 
>six months before he purchased his first firearm, according to private email
>from him.
>I can't produce an archived posting of his earlier than January 1992,
>and he purchased his first firearm in March 1992.
>I guess it only seemed like years.
>Kirk Hays - NRA Life, seventh generation.

I first read and consulted rec.guns in the summer of 1991.  I
just purchased my first firearm in early March of this year.

 NOt for lack of desire for a firearm, you understand.  I could 
have purchased a rifle or shotgun but didn't want one.
-Case Kim



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54501
Subject: Re: Cop kills teenager
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)

.ACNS.ColoState.EDU> holland@CS.ColoState.EDU (douglas craig holland) writes:
>	SUSPENDED POLICE OFFICER ARRESTED IN REVENGE TRIPLE HOMICIDE
>
>PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) -- A police officer afraid he would be fired for
>allegedly assaulting a teen-ager walked into an auto body shop wher the youth
>worked, said "You're going to die" and fatally shot him and two others, police
>said.
>A fourth youth was wounded.  A fifth escaped injury by hiding under a car.
>Suspended police officer Robert Sabetta, 23, of Cranston, was arrested at
>gunpoint over three hours after the shooting at Wilson's Auto Enterprises in
>Foster, a rural town of about 4,000 people in northwest Rhode Island.
>						Doug Holland
>
	I think I have updated info on this.  My understandingis that
former officer Cranston approached a teenager who was being questioned
by another officer.   Officer Cranston struck Teenager A in the head
with a heavy police flashlight, causing a significant, though not
life-threatening.  THere is no evidence that Teenager A was
doing anything threatening at the time.  Teenager A was released
on bail/recognizance and filed a formal complaint against Officer
Cranston.  The Police Chief suspended Cranston pending an 
investigation into the use of excessive force.  
	The above is pretty clear... but what seems to have 
happened is this.  The Chief requested Cranston's gun, but Cranston
refused to turn it over until the Chief went the Cranston's home
 to get it.  Sources said Cranston had always wanted to be
a cop and was very afraid of loosing his job because of the complaint
against him.
	A few days afterward, Cranston allegedly walked into 
Wilson's Garage, where Teenager A and friends were known to
hang out and work on cars as a hobby.  Cranston fatally shot
Teenager A as well as TEenagers B and C.  Teenager D was shot once
in the shoulder/chest.  Teenager E was working under the car
and was not noticed by Officer Cranston.  Teenager D went to a home
and summoned police, who went to Wilson's Garage and found the 
3 corpses and one unscathed survivor.

	A few days after his arrest, Officer Cranston attemped
to commit suicide in his cell.
-Case Kim




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54502
From: mort@hpfcso.FC.HP.COM (Jeff Mortensen)
Subject: Re: We knew it would happen

In talk.politics.guns, jagst18+@pitt.edu (Josh A Grossman) writes:

	Well Josh I agree with you to some respect...less your spelling
	errors.  The Gov'mnt always must win! even if they kill every
	man women and child....by GOD they must win at all costs......

	This happens over and over and over in this country.  Lets make
	excuses, get the worthless press to cover up everything, let the
	officials take the heat for top management stupidity etc...etc...

> I am sick with greif for the entire well being of this nation and the 
> constitution in claims to protect.
	> 
> Later,
> Josh   

> 
>later Morty
 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54503
From: ron@hpfcso.FC.HP.COM (Ron Miller)
Subject: Re: Boston Gun Buy Back

Re: More on Gun Buybacks

The Denver buy back, trading guns for Denver Nuggets tickets was pretty much
a bust. Very few guns were turned in. The news tried to hype it but 
when the best they could do was ".... including a loaded .38..." well,
you get the picture.

A side note- the news also reported that the guns would be checked for
whether or not they were stolen. STOLEN GUNS WILL BE RETURNED TO THEIR
OWNERS!!!!! (They say)

(Does this have anything to do with the rally on the Capital steps yesterday
 in support of the RKBA????)

Even the rally made the 5 pm news on 3 channels :-)


Ron Miller

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54504
From: ron@hpfcso.FC.HP.COM (Ron Miller)
Subject: Re: Waco, they did it.    ( MASADA )

Re: Flaming wreckage

I wrote my congressmen strongly worded letters demanding they dissolve the
BATF.

Perhaps anger and grief can help spur a letter writing campaign?

Ron Miller

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54505
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1r27ld$bp2@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>In article <C5t38G.IL@news.udel.edu>, roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>> In article <1r1rad$7rl@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>> >In article <C5s0Ds.J54@news.udel.edu>, roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>> 
>>   [The original question was about who started the fire and whether the 
>>    "madmen" were inside or outside the compound.  To which I replied on 
>>    the possible sanity level of those inside and outside.]
>
>Was THAT your argument.  Well, you didn't make it very well.  You started 
>from the questionable premise that the fire was necessarily an act of
>insanity, rather than an act of negligence or an accident.  Recall, one
>survivor claims that the fire started when a tank knocked over a kerosene 
>lamp.  Kind of makes arguments regarding relative sanity somewhat moot, no?

And another survivor claims he heard someone shouting "The fire's started!".
Odd terminology.  That's what one says when you know a fire is planned, not 
when one occurs by accident.  We will have to wait and see what the evidence 
shows, assuming one is willing to believe any evidence offered by the 
"distrustful ones".

>> >> According to an Australian documentary made in the year before the stand off 
>> >> began, Koresh and his followers all believed he was Christ.  Koresh 
>> >> had sex with children and women married to other men in the compound.  
>> >> These were the "perfect children" resulting from the "great seed" of 
>> >> his "magnified horn".  Ex-members describe him in ways not dissimilar 
>> >> to the way Jim Jones has been described.
>> >
>> >Point noted.  Have you submitted YOUR faith and sex life for BATF clearance?
>> >Better hurry; I believe the deadline was April 15.
>> 
>> I paid my taxes.  There was no reference to sex or religion on the form.
>> The comments above and below were meant to address who might be unstable 
>> enough to keep children in a building with tear gas or start a fire.
>
>"Nice evasive maneuver, Mr. Chekov, but they're still on our tail."
>
>Let me ask it more plainly.  Which of the above complaints about David 
>Koresh's religious or sexual proclivities justified an armed raid by the 
>Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms?

Neither.  Again I was merely addressing the sanity level of the players.  
I agree that the BATF handled the affair badly from day one.  BTW, I heard 
on the news today that the affadavit behind the no-knock warrant was unsealed 
today.  Grenade launcher was the only thing on the list that I found 
unusual.

>> >> >:Two of the nine who escaped the compound said the fire was deliberately set 
>> >> >:by cult members.
>
>> >> So, when they talk to the news reporters directly, and relate the same details, 
>> >> will you believe them?
>
>> >Believe them?  I won't even RECOGNIZE them.  And neither will anyone else
>> >who doesn't know them personally.
>
>> Do you believe they would put impostors before the national tv cameras?
>
>It's not entirely far-fetched.  Nobody outside the compound would know 
>EVERYBODY inside the compound.  Don't forget, the BATF admits having 
>agents inside the compound, in any case.

Ambitious news reporters could use the documentary filmed by an Australian 
in 1992 on the compound grounds to help identify survivors.  I, for one, 
will check their stories for consistency with what I learned in a long 
news story about that documentary.

>> At this point, we are getting conflicting reports from the survivors.
>> Best wait til more light is shed upon them.  Of course, this is no 
>> good if you believe in eternal darkness.
>
>I'm simply being the devil's advocate.  There's reasonable doubt by the
>boatload standing in the way of anybody totally swallowing the official 
>government story on Waco.

Certainly there is some room for doubt.  I certainly reserve the right 
to change my opinions when new evidence warrants such a change.  If I 
were conspiratorially minded, however, I would never be able to change 
my mind, because any evidence I disliked would have to be a lie 
fabricated by the "distrustful ones".


-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54506
From: mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu (The Lawnmowerman)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r1j1l$4t@transfer.stratus.com>, cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
> In article <1993Apr20.143255.12711@mcs.kent.edu>, mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu (The Lawnmowerman) writes:
> 
> Oh, then, I guess that shooting THOSE kind of babies is all right.
> 
> You sick bastard.
> -- 
> 
> cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
> OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...
> 

Why thanks for your reply to my post.  By the way, I never, never ever said 
that it was right to shoot "THOSE kind" of babies.  However it was the Branch
Davidian people in there that insisted on staying there with their "savior" 
(yeah right budy boy) because he had brain-washed them into believing that 
what ever he says is the truth, even if means that they are to give up their
lives for <<<<HIS>>>> cause.  Therefore it is Davids fault and not the ATF's
who gave them 50 to 51 days to get out, this was 50 days to many for me and
for many of the rest of the U.S.  I am however sad to hear of the death of any 
child unlike the sick bastard I supposedly am.
-- 
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Matthew R. Hamilton   | mhamilto@mcs.kent.edu    |      A.K.A              |
| CS/ Physics Major     | 1499h751@ksuvxb.kent.edu |   (The Lawnmowerman)    |
| Kent State University	| 1299h751@ksuvxb.kent.edu |			     |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                                            |
|                                                                            |
|      Look here for future advice.quotes.sayings.jibberish.philosohy        |
|                                                                            |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54508
From: ndallen@r-node.hub.org (Nigel Allen)
Subject: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

Here is a press release from the White House.

 President Clinton's Remarks On Waco With Q/A
 To: National Desk
 Contact: White House Office of the Press Secretary, 202-456-2100

   WASHINGTON, April 20 -- Following are remarks by President 
Clinton in a question and answer session with the press:

1:36 P.M. EDT

     THE PRESIDENT:  On February the 28th, four federal
agents were killed in the line of duty trying to enforce the law
against the Branch Davidian compound, which had illegally stockpiled
weaponry and ammunition, and placed innocent children at risk.
Because the BATF operation had failed to meet its objective, a 51-day
standoff ensued.

     The Federal Bureau of Investigation then made every
reasonable effort to bring this perilous situation to an end without
bloodshed and further loss of life.  The Bureau's efforts were
ultimately unavailing because the individual with whom they were
dealing, David Koresh, was dangerous, irrational, and probably
insane.

     He engaged in numerous activities which violated both
federal law and common standards of decency.  He was, moreover,
responsible for the deaths and injuries which occurred during the
action against the compound in February.  Given his inclination
towards violence and in an effort to protect his young hostages, no
provocative actions were taken for more than seven weeks by federal
agents against the compound.

     This weekend I was briefed by Attorney General Reno on
an operation prepared by the FBI, designed to increase pressure on
Koresh and persuade those in the compound to surrender peacefully.
The plan included a decision to withhold the use of ammunition, even
in the face of fire, and instead to use tear gas that would not cause
permanent harm to health, but would, it was hoped, force the people
in the compound to come outside and to surrender.

     I was informed of the plan to end the siege.  I
discussed it with Attorney General Reno.  I asked the questions I
thought it was appropriate for me to ask.  I then told her to do what
she thought was right, and I take full responsibility for the
implementation of the decision.

     Yesterday's action ended in a horrible human tragedy.
Mr. Koresh's response to the demands for his surrender by federal
agents was to destroy himself and murder the children who were his
captives, as well as all the other people who were there who did not
survive.  He killed those he controlled, and he bears ultimate
responsibility for the carnage that ensued.

     Now we must review the past with an eye towards the
future.  I have directed the United Stated Departments of Justice and
Treasury to undertake a vigorous and thorough investigation to
uncover what happened and why, and whether anything could have been
dne differently.  I have told the departments to involve independent
professional law enforcement officials in the investigation.  I
expect to receive analysis and answers in whatever time is required
to complete the review.  Finally, I have directed the departments to
cooperate fully with all congressional inquiries so that we can
continue to be fully accountable to the American people.

     I want to express my appreciation to the Attorney
General, to the Justice Department, and to the federal agents on the
front lines who did the best job they could under deeply difficult
circumstances.

     Again, I want to say as I did yesterday, I am very sorry
for the loss of life which occurred at the beginning and at the end
of this tragedy in Waco.  I hope very much that others who will be
tempted to join cults and to become involved with people like David
Koresh will be deterred by the horrible scenes they have seen over
the last seven weeks.  And I hope very much that the difficult
situations which federal agents confronted there and which they will
be doubtless required to confront in other contexts in the future
will be somewhat better handled and better understood because of what
has been learned now.

     Q  Mr. President, can you, first of all, tell us why,
after 51 days, you decided --

     Q  Mr. President, can you describe for us what it is
that Janet Reno outlined to you in your 15-minute phone conversation
with --

     THE PRESIDENT:  I can't hear you both.  If one will go
first and then the other.

     Q  Sorry.  Can you describe what Janet Reno --

     Q  Mr. President --

     THE PRESIDENT:  I'll answer both your questions, but I
can't do it at once.

     Q  Can you describe what she told you on Sunday about
the nature of the operation and how much detail you knew about it?

     THE PRESIDENT:  Yes.  I was told by the Attorney General
that the FBI strongly felt that the time had come to take another
step in trying to dislodge the people in the compound.  And she
described generally what the operation would be -- that they wanted
to go in and use tear gas which had been tested not to cause
permanent damage to adults or to children, but which would make it
very difficult for people to stay inside the building.  And it was
hoped that the tear gas would permit them to come outside.

     I was further told that under no circumstances would our
people fire any shots at them even if fired upon.  They were going to
shoot the tear gas from armored vehicles which would protect them and
there would be no exchange of fire.  In fact, as you know, an awful
lot of shots were fired by the cult members at the federal officials.
There were no shots coming back from the government side.

     I asked a number of questions.  The first question I
asked is, why now?  We have waited seven weeks; why now?  The reasons
I was given were the following:

     Number one, that there was a limit to how long the
federal authorities could maintain with their limited resources the
quality and intensity of coverage by experts there.  They might be
needed in other parts of the country.

     Number two, that the people who had reviewed this had
never seen a case quite like this one before, and they were convinced
that no progress had been made recently and no progress was going to
be made through the normal means of getting Koresh and the other cult
members to come out.

     Number three, that the danger of their doing something
to themselves or to others was likely to increase, not decrease, with
the passage of time.

     And number four, that they had reason to believe that
the children who were still inside the compound were being abused
significantly, as well as being forced to live in unsanitary and
unsafe conditions.

     So for those reasons, they wanted to move at that time.
The second question I asked the Attorney General is whether they had
given consideration to all of the things that could go wrong and
evaluated them against what might happen that was good.  She said
that the FBI personnel on the scene and those working with them were
convinced that the chances of bad things happening would only
increase with the passage of time.

     The third question I asked was, has the military been
consulted?  As soon as the initial tragedy came to light in Waco,
that's the first thing I asked to be done, because it was obvious
that this was not a typical law enforcement situation.  Military
people were then brought in, helped to analyze the situation and some
of the problems that were presented by it.   And so I asked if the
military had been consulted.  The Attorney General said that they
had, and that they were in basic agreement that there was only one
minor tactical difference of opinion between the FBI and the military
-- something that both sides thought was not of overwhelming
significance.

     Having asked those questions and gotten those answers, I
said that if she thought it was the right thing to do, that she
should proceed and that I would support it.  And I stand by that
today.

     Q  Mr. President --

     THE PRESIDENT:  Wait.  Go ahead.

     Q  Can you address the widespread perception --
reported widely, television, radio and newspapers -- that you were
trying somehow to distance yourself from this disaster?

     THE PRESIDENT:  No, I'm bewildered by it.  The only
reason I made no public statement yesterday -- let me say -- the only
reason I made no public statement yesterday is that I had nothing to
add to what was being said and I literally did not know until rather
late in the day whether anybody was still alive other than those who
had been actually seen and taken to the hospital or taken into
custody.  It was purely and simply a question of waiting for events
to unfold.

     There was -- I have -- I can't account for why people
speculated one way or the other, but I talked to the Attorney General
on the day before the action took place.  I talked to her yesterday.
I called her again late last night after she appeared on the Larry
King Show, and I talked to her again this morning.  A President -- it
is not possible for a President to distance himself from things that
happen when the federal government is in control.

     I will say this, however.  I was, frankly, surprised
would be a mild word, to say that anyone that would suggest that the
Attorney General should resign because some religious fanatics
murdered themselves.  (Applause.)

     I regret what happened, but it is not possible in this
life to control the behavior of others in every circumstance.  These
people killed four federal officials in the line of duty.  They were
heavily armed.  They fired on federal officials yesterday repeatedly,
and they were never fired back on.  We did everything we could to
avoid the loss of life.  They made the decision to immolate
themselves.  And I regret it terribly, and I feel awful about the
children.

     But in the end, the last comment I had from Janet Reno,
is when -- and I talked to her on Sunday -- I said, now, I want you
to tell me once more why you believe -- not why they believe -- why
you believe we should move now rather than wait some more.  And she
said, it's because of the children.  They have evidence that those
children are still being abused and that they're in increasingly
unsafe conditions, and that they don't think it will get any easier
with time -- with the passage of time.  I have to take their word for
that.  So that is where I think things stand.

     Q  Can we assume then that you don't think this was
mishandled in view of the outcome, that you didn't run out of
patience?  And if you had it to do over again, would you really
decide that way?

     THE PRESIDENT:  No -- well, I think what you can assume
is just exactly what I announced today.  This is a -- the FBI has
done a lot of things right for this country over a long period of
time.  This is the same FBI that found the people that bombed the
World Trade Center in lickety-split, record time.  We want an inquiry
to analyze the steps along the way.  Is there something else we
should have known?  Is there some other question they should have
asked?  Is there some other question I should have asked?  Can I say
for sure that no one -- that we could have done nothing else to make
the outcome come different?  I don't know that.  That's why I want
the inquiry and that's why I would like to make sure that we have
some independent law enforcement people, not political people, but
totally non-political, outside experts who can bring to bear the best
evidence we have.

     There is, unfortunately, a rise in this sort of
fanaticism all across the world.  And we may have to confront it
again.  And I want to know whether there is anything we can do,
particularly when there are children involved.  But I do think it is
important to recognize that the wrong-doers in this case were the
people who killed others and then killed themselves.

     Q  Mr. President, were there any other options
presented to you for resolving this situation at any point from
February 28th until yesterday?

     THE PRESIDENT:  Well, yes, I got regular reports all
along the way.  There were lots of other options pursued.  If you go
back -- you all covered it very well.  The FBI -- you did a very good
job of it.  I mean, the FBI and the other authorities there pursued
any number of other options all along the way, and a lot of them
early on seemed to be working.  Some of the children got out, some of
the other people left.  There was a -- at one point, there seemed to
be some lines of communication opening up between Koresh and the
authorities.  And then he would say things and not do them and things
just began to spin downward.

     Whether there were other -- in terms of what happened
yesterday, the conversation I had with the Attorney General did not
involve other options except whether we should take more time with
the present strategy we were pursuing -- because they said they
wanted to do this, because they thought this was the best way to get
people out of the compound quickly before they could kill themselves.
That's what they thought.

     Q  Did the government know that the children did not
have gas masks?

     Q     congressional hearings once the situation -- are
you in agreement with that?

     THE PRESIDENT:  That's up to the Congress.  They can do
whatever they want.  But I think it's very important that the
Treasury and Justice Departments launch this investigation and bring
in some outside experts.  And as I said in my statement, if any
congressional committees want to look into it, we will fully
cooperate.  There is nothing to hide here.  This was probably the
most well-covered operation of its kind in the history of the
country.

   (more, more)
 -30-

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54509
From: ndallen@r-node.hub.org (Nigel Allen)
Subject: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 2

Here is a press release from the White House.

 President Clinton's Remarks On Waco With Q/A
 To: National Desk
 Contact: White House Office of the Press Secretary, 202-456-2100

   WASHINGTON, April 20 /U.S. Newswire/ -- Following are
remarks by President Clinton in a question and answer session
with the press (Part 2 of 2):

     Go ahead, Sarah.

     Q  There are two questions I want to ask you.  The
first is, I think that they knew very well that the children did not
have gas masks while the adults did, so the children had no chance
because this gas was very -- she said it was not lethal, but it was
very dangerous to the children and they could not have survived
without gas masks.  And on February 28th -- let's go back -- didn't
those people have a right to practice their religion?

     THE PRESIDENT:  They were not just practicing their
religion, they were -- the Treasury Department believed that they had
violated federal laws, any number of them.

     Q  What federal laws --

     THE PRESIDENT:  Let me go back and answer -- I can't
answer the question about the gas masks, except to tell you that the
whole purpose of using the tear gas was that it had been tested; they
were convinced that it wouldn't kill either a child or an adult but
it would force anybody that breathed it to run outside.  And one of
the things that I've heard -- I don't want to get into the details of
this because I don't know -- but one of the things that they were
speculating about today was that the wind was blowing so fast that
the windows might have been opened and some of the gas might have
escaped and that may be why it didn't have the desired effect.

     They also knew, Sarah, that there was an underground
compound -- a bus buried underground where the children could be
sent.  And they were -- I think they were hoping very much that if
the children were not released immediately outside that the humane
thing would be done and that the children would be sent someplace
where they could be protected.

     In terms of the gas masks themselves, I learned
yesterday -- I did not ask this fact question before -- that the gas
was supposed to stay active in the compound longer than the gas masks
themselves were to work.  So that it was thought that even if they
all had gas masks, that eventually the gas would force them out in a
nonviolent, nonshooting circumstance.

     MS. MYERS:  Last question.

     Q  Mr. President, why are you still saying that --

     Q  Could you tell us whether or not you ever asked
Janet Reno about the possibility of a mass suicide?  And when you
learned about the actual fire and explosion what went through your
mind during those horrendous moments?

     THE PRESIDENT:  What I asked Janet Reno is if they had
considered all the worse things that could happen.  And she said --
and, of course, the whole issue of suicide had been raised in the
public -- he had -- that had been debated anyway.  And she said that
the people who were most knowledgeable  about these kinds of issues
concluded that there was no greater risk of that now than there would
be tomorrow or the next day or the day after that or at anytime in
the future.  That was the judgment they made.  Whether they were
right or wrong, of course, we will never know.

     What happened when I saw the fire, when I saw the
building burning?  I was sick.  I felt terrible.  And my immediate
concern was whether the children had gotten out and whether they were
escaping or whether they were inside, trying to burn themselves up.
That's the first thing I wanted to know.

     Thank you.

     Q  Mr. President, why are you still saying it was a
Janet Reno decision?  Isn't it, in the end, your decision?

     THE PRESIDENT:  Well, what I'm saying is that I didn't
have a four- or five-hour, detailed briefing from the FBI.  I didn't
go over every strategic part of it.  It is a decision for which I
take responsibility.  I'm the President of the United States and I
signed off on the general decision and giving her the authority to
make the last call.  When I talked to her on Sunday, some time had
elapsed.  She might have made a decision to change her mind.  I said,
if you decide to go forward with this tomorrow, I will support you.
And I do support her.

     She is not ultimately responsible to the American
people; I am.  But I think she has conducted her duties in an
appropriate fashion and she has dealt with this situation I think as
well as she could have.

     Thank you.  (Applause.)

 -30-

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54510
From: tzs@stein.u.washington.edu (Tim Smith)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:
>We have NO evidence that BATF & FBI would not have started shooting
>when and if people had started coming out of the burning building.

Oh?  How about the press?  If the BATF & FBI were going to shoot people
leaving a burning building, don't you think they would get rid of the
press first?

--Tim Smith

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54511
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: Re: "militia" (incredibly long)

In article <C5n0vy.EJ6@ulowell.ulowell.edu> jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) writes:
<In article <1qna9m$nq8@transfer.stratus.com>, cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
<-> In article <C5L0n2.5LL@ulowell.ulowell.edu>, jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) writes:
<-> > But, do you knew how much organization is required to training a large
<-> > group of poeple twice a year.  Just to try to get the same people
<-> > every year, provide a basic training to new people so they can
<-> > be integrated into the force, and find a suitable location, it 
<-> > requires a continually standing committee of organizers.  
<-> 
<-> Again, my response is, "so what?"  Is Mr. Rutledge arguing that since
<-> the local and federal governments have abandoned their charter to support
<-> such activity, and passed laws prohibiting private organizations from 
<-> doing so, that they have eliminated the basis for the RKBA?   On the
<-> contrary, to anyone who understands the game, they have strengthened it.
<
<No, I originally argued that the Second Amendment was "a little bit
<and an anachronism."  These prohibiting laws are examples why the are
<an anachronism.  After all, laws in made by representatives of the 
<people.  These representatives of the people have already decided
<that the Second Amendment does not apply or is too broad in some
<cases.  Since these representatives feel an unconditional 
<interpretation is not wanted, then it is probable that they majority
<of the people feel the same way.  If this is so, it is an example
<of the people using their power of government.  If this is not
<how the people feel, the people should stand up and state their wishes.

Wrong.  Neglecting that the government and media have bullshitted the
people almost nonstop on this issue, Constitutional limitations are
there to prevent a 'tyrrany of the majority'.  For example, a majority
could vote that given ethnics have no rights, are not people, etc.
and it would fly using the logic above.

When government feels the Constitution is not right for the times,
there is a procedure called an AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.  THis
is deliberately difficult, and cumbersome, to prevent abuse of those
who decide to ignore the people, or impose unjust policies of a
majority on a minority.   A lynch mob is a majority, remember, outvoting
the hangee.

What the government is doing are VIOLATIONS, end-runs around the
limitations on the government, probably because they know that the
people would be very hard to convince that a good intention is behind
tampering with the Bill of Rights.  Government propeganda on guns has
been very strong and persistant, but not THAT strong.  And it just
shows how gullible the people have become to "I am from the government
and am here to help you sort of line".  We have been lied to, fed
half truths, rigged stats, while the government knows their control
laws have no effect on crime.  They want a government monopoly on
force, pure and simple.  Do you REALLY want the government to be able
to override Constitutional limitations by a simple vote of a bunch
of elitists (congresscritters)?  I sure don't.  The Founding Fathers
sure as hell didn't, either.

<> Mox nix, Mr. Rutledge.  YOU are the only one here claiming that the
<-> RKBA is dependent on the existence of a top-flight, well-regulated
<-> militia.  Why this is a false assumption has already been posted a 
<-> number of times.  
<
<No, I simple stated that the people have a right to "join a well
<organized militia."  And I have also stated that a militia that
<meets once or twice a year is clearly "well organized."  And this
<state of readiness that I have claimed the people have a "right"
<to, is the same state of readiness expected of the militia as stated
<by Hamilton. 

You better read the Senate Subcommitte on the Constitution regarding the
Second Amendment, and a linguist's analisys of the Second itself.
IN the meanwhile, show us some stuff to back up your assertions.
And yes, I have the above mentioned documents (and more) online.

-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54512
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1r27vo$425@geraldo.cc.utexas.edu> mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider) writes:
>roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>:mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider) writes:
>:
>:According to an Australian documentary made in the year before the stand off 
>:began, Koresh and his followers all believed he was Christ.  Koresh 
>:had sex with children and women married to other men in the compound.  
>:These were the "perfect children" resulting from the "great seed" of 
>:his "magnified horn".  Ex-members describe him in ways not dissimilar 
>:to the way Jim Jones has been described.
>
>I don't know how accurate the documentary was; 

The documentary interviewed Koresh and current and ex-members.  
The documentary disucussed Koresh's "Christ" status inside the cult, 
cult brain-washing techniques, and unusual sex practices (the leader 
gets any he wants, and tells others when they can or can't).  I will let 
others decide if using religious authority to have sex with a minor is 
technically child abuse or not.

>however, Koresh was never
>convicted of any crimes against children, nor was the BATF after him for
>child abuse.  
>Their purview (in this case) is strictly in firearms violations,

All true.

>so this information is irrelevant to the discussion.

Well, if a fire was deliberately set by members of the cult, then the 
history and background of the cult is very relevant.  The history 
and backgournd of the Jones cult was very important in understanding 
what happened at Jonestown.

Not taking into account the history and background of Koresh's cult may 
also help explain why the FBI and BATF so badly predicted the reponses 
they would get from inside the compund nearly every step of the way in 
this badly handled affair.

>:FBI agents have to pass rigorous psychological examinations and background 
>:checks.  Plus, those in charge will undoubtedly have to explain their 
>:decisions in great detail to congress.  Why would the FBI want to fulfill 
>:Koresh's own prophecy?
>
>Those in charge will undoubtedly have to explain *something*, but whether
>their answers even remotely resembles the truth we may never know.  And who
>is left alive to care whether the prophecy is fulfilled?  It only holds
>meaning for the nine who survived.

It is likely that there will be at least two investigations (JD and congress) 
at this point.

>:>Correction:  The *FBI* said that two of the cult members said this; so far,
>:>no one else has been able to talk to them.
>:
>:So, when they talk to the news reporters directly, and relate the same 
>:details, will you believe them?
>
>*IF* they confirm the story, I probably will.  Definitely not until then, 
>however.

Interesting and conflicting details are starting to come out.  I have 
reverted back to wait mode to find out whether the fire was intentional 
or accidental and how it started and why it spread so fast.

>
>Mike Ruff
>-- 


-- 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54513
From: cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter)
Subject: Re: Impeach Clinton, Reno

On 21 Apr 93 02:59:52 GMT, Glenn R. Stone (gs26@prism.gatech.EDU) wrote:

> Fact:  It is a federal felony to infringe civil rights under color of
>        law; where death is involved, this offense carries a penalty
>        of life in prison.

Title 18, 241 and/or 242 seem to apply.  241 is conspiracy (two or
more persons) against rights of citizens.  242 is deprivation of
rights under color of law.  Both call for up to life in prison if
death occurs.  Reno, Bentsen, and Clinton are probably all principals
to the crime (as they are responsible for authorized actions on the
part of their subordinates). 

> Conclusion:  We have NO CHOICE, if we are an honest people, but to 
>              impeach Mr. Clinton, and remove Reno from office.

You forgot one detail, they should be turned over to the Texas
authorities for trial, as the crime was committed there (Article 4,
section 2). 

--
Charles Scripter   *   cescript@phy.mtu.edu
Dept of Physics, Michigan Tech, Houghton, MI 49931
-------------------------------------------------------------
"...when all government... in little as in great things, shall be
drawn to Washington as the centre of all power, it will render
powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will
become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we
separated."   Thomas Jefferson, 1821

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54514
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Re: We knew it would happen

God forgive me for being an American who pays taxes to a government
that commits atrocities like the Waco Massacre of 1993.
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

I'm beginning to look forward to reaching the %100 allocation of taxes
to pay for the interest on the national debt. At that point the
federal government will be will go out of business for lack of funds.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54515
From: diederic@spot.Colorado.EDU (Andrew Diederich)
Subject: BATF Acronym

  Haven't seen this one on here yet, so here it goes:

B. arely
A. dequate,
T. otally
F. ***ed!

  I don't know about adequate, but it fits the acronym.  =)

-- 
Andrew Diederich                    diederic@spot.colorado.edu

These opinions are only mine on alternate Tuesdays.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54516
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas) writes:

>You believe that individuals should have the right to own weapons of
>mass destruction?  I find it hard to believe that you would support a 
>neighbor's right to keep nuclear weapons, biological weapons, and nerve
>gas on his/her property.  

	That really depends upon where you draw the line while defining
these weapons, and also on if you intend the law to be reflective of
modern practice five months or five centuries down the road.  I'll give
you a little hint:  see that manure pile in the farmer's field down the
road?  In the USA, that is a weapon of mass destruction, biological in
nature, because if it gets washed into an open well it will contaminate
the aquifers that supply thousands of cities with drinking water.  So,
where do *you* draw the line?  In the USA, the EPA has ruled that
a pile of scrap iron is illegal.  Care to draw a thinner line this time?

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54517
From: cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter)
Subject: Re: Raid justification was: Blast them next time

On Wed, 21 Apr 1993 03:52:11 GMT, Peter Cash (cash@convex.com) wrote:

> I just got through listening to the 10 o'clock news on Channel 4 here in
> Dallas. They trotted out a list of justifications produced by the ATF after
> "months of investigation" for their raid. 

CNN just claimed he bought 104 "semi-automatic assault rifles".  And
they say Koresh wasn't god-like...  He managed to buy or build a
collection of fully-automatic semi-automatic rifles...  Quite a feat,
I would say.  ;-)

They're still making charges of "sexual abuse" and such, or course.
Nobody seems to have noticed that the Treasury department has nothing
to do with sex crimes.  Or maybe the feds have recently instituted a
TAX on sex crimes...  Yeah, that's why the BATF was there, looking for
unregistered *guns* ("this is my weapon, this is my gun, this is for
fighting, this is for...").

> I couldn't believe the junk on this list! For example, the BDs were accused
> of stockpiling a bunch of "9mm and .223 ammunition that can be used in M15
> and M16 assault rifles". Imagine that--they had ammunition!

I also heard that they're claiming to be cautious because of Koresh's
"heated ammunition stockpile".  I seem to recall that smokeless powder
tends to decompose at even moderate temperatures.  I would be rather
surprised, after a fire of that nature, if *any* of his "stockpile" is
unexploded, or unburned.

> They also had
> aluminum dust! (Yeah, it's a component of thermite, but so far I haven't
> heard that it's illegal to take a grinder to the aluminum lawn
> furniture...)

I seem to recall that aluminum powder is a common component of
fireworks...  The folks on rec.pyro could probably tell you.

> The only thing on the list that could conceivably have been
> illegal was an M-79 grenade launcher. (Anybody know about this?)

I think *anything* is legal if you have the proper license.  If he had
a "curios and relics" permit, I believe he could legally own
handgrenades to go with his launcher.

--
Charles Scripter   *   cescript@phy.mtu.edu
Dept of Physics, Michigan Tech, Houghton, MI 49931
-------------------------------------------------------------
"...when all government... in little as in great things, shall be
drawn to Washington as the centre of all power, it will render
powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will
become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we
separated."   Thomas Jefferson, 1821

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54518
From: atfurman@cup.portal.com (A T Furman)
Subject: Re: The Cold War: Who REALLY Won?

>If one reasons that the United States of America at one time represented 
>and protected freedom << individual liberty and personal responsibility >> 
>(and I do, in fact, think that this is true) and that totalitarianism << 
>absolute government control and tyranny >> represents freedom's opposite 
>(which it does), did the USA really win the cold war?
>
>Standard disclaimers ALWAYS apply!
>
>----------------
>Graham K. Glover
>----------------

The Cold War has not ended.  The only thing that has happened is that 
the two sides have exchanged roles.

The USA has a higher imprisonment rate (400 per 100,000 population)
than any country in Europe by a factor of 10 or so.  In California,
it is over 600 per 100,000 population.  The prison population in
California is now over 100,000, a quadrupling since 1980.  Most of
these inmates were convicted under the drug prohibition laws.  Police
now confiscate property, without trial, under a "good faith probable
cause" standard, in the name of depriving the horrible ghastly drug
dealers of their ill-gotten gains.  Conduct an opinion poll, and a
majority will answer "yes" if you ask them whether civil liberties and
due process should be diluted in order to Send Our Young People The
Message That We Are Serious About Winning The War On Drugs.  I don't
know whether anyone has measured such a figure among gun owners, but
I would expect the same result.  They certainly seem to vote that way.

According to Jack Herer's book _The Emperor Wears No Clothes_, over
TWELVE MILLION YEARS of prison time have been served under the
marijuana prohibition laws, by people who were minding their own
business and causing no harm to others (and less harm to themselves
than users of tobacco, with 400,000 confirmed kills/year).  Under
the "War on Drugs" campaign of "zero tolerance" due process protections
have eroded, and mandatory sentences of ten years without parole have
proliferated.  By and large, gun owners have voted for the politicians
who favor such measures.  And now, all the precedents--not only
legal, but political:  "My fellow Americans, we must send our young
people the message that we are serious about winning the War On
Murder"--are going to be applied to the oncoming wave of gun
prohibition laws.  Gun owners are about to get a taste of the medicine
they voted for believing it would be used only on those with different
tastes in recreational drugs.

What goes around comes around.


    Alan T. Furman         | Don't blame me -- I voted Libertarian
---------------------------+----------------------------------------
  atfurman@cup.portal.com  |   (800)682-1776 for more information

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54519
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1993Apr19.203606.27625@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>,
andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:
>
>In article <93108.172544U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz                     >
><U28037@uicvm.uic.edu
>>The point that I forgot to bring up here (and this has nothing to do with    g
>bein
>>a gang member or not) is that it is illegal to carry a concealed weapon in   s
>thi
>>area (or in the state of illinois for that matter).
>
>Right - it nas nothing to do with whther or not the person
>is/was a gang member, but that's what Kratz inferred....
>
>Wrong - there are people who can legally carry concealed in IL and
>there are circumstances under which MANY people can carry concealed.
>
>Is accuracy really too much to expect?
>
>-andy
>--
No it's not.  If you would have read my other post I was accurate.  Here's what
I said:

[material from another post]------------------------->  The other point that I
would like to make because I know it's true (looked this one up in the Illinois
                  this is for you Andy-----> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
statutes before) is that it is illegal to carry a concealed weapon in Illinois.
^^^^^^^^ <------ Also for you Andy.

And then I went on to say:
There is no such thing as a CCW for us ordinary folk here.
[end of quoted material]

Of course I forgot to mention who "us ordinary folk" are so just for Andy I'm
going to go to the library tomorrow and photocopy the part of the Illinois
statutes with this information and post it.  Ordinary citizens CAN NOT get a
license to carry a concealed weapon.  There are very few people who can.  I
even asked my lawyer friend about this and he told me that only certain people
can get licenses for concealed carry.  He couldn't remember which people but he
knew for sure that regular citizens couldn't get that type of license.  He told
me to go check at the library for the statutes which I did.  I'll post that
info tomorrow night.  Until then.......

Jason

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54520
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: The Right To Keep And Bear Arms (was: Re: Who's next?...)

mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider) writes:

>st922957@pip.cc.brandeis.edu writes:

>:Just because someting was good once, does not mean it will be forever.

>Yes, gone are the days when you can leave your house unlocked at night.
>Well, it couldn't last forever.

	For the record, it wasn't until I came to college (excluding
the times I went to Omaha or Council Bluffs for something) that I
ever removed the keys from the ignition of my car!  Come to think of
it, it was only after I moved to Ames, Ia (pop 45K) that I ever took
to locking my doors at night.

	I've discovered that $50K/year isn't worth living in fear
all day.  I might just move back to the farm.

	This weekend is Veishea.  You know, when ISU students riot
for no apparent reason.  This year, we've the Farm Aid concert
to add to the festivities.  Anybody bet me there's another riot?
Remember, Iowa law has three guys talking loud defined as a riot.
Stay tuned for an on-the-scene report this weekend.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54521
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1qvff6INN9p4@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
Arras) says:
>
>In article <93109.172450U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz
>[...]
>
>> It is kind of funny though how you were the only one who picked up
>> the part about my sister being a social worker and keeping me up to date on
>the
>> gang thing.  Everyone else seemed to just skim by that part.
>>
>> Jason
>
>
>I guess that just means "Everyone else" was mistaken?
>
>Jim
>
>jmd@handheld.com
>------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>-
Actually not Jim.  I just said that everyone else seemed to have skimmed by
that part and not mentioned it.  You can get whatever meaning you want from it.

Jason




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54522
From: mwj@se17.wg2.waii.com (Mike Johnson)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 2

Did anyone else notice how the question of what federal
laws were violated was brushed aside? I'd like to know
what laws were violated, and on what evidence the orignial
BATF warrants were based.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54523
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham) writes:

>What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
>had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
>compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.

	SeAL Team six should have handled it?  Delta Force?  The
BATF had more than enough equipment and men.  They did not have
good intel, but they did have poor planning.  They fucked up.  Even
in just the most basic military sense, they fucked up.  Excuses do
not justify body counts.

>The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
>transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use
>more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to
>do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they
>must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.

	And your excuses fall upon deaf ears when the same BATF
has shown shitty leadership despite more people, better weapons,
and exclusive use of armor against their targets.  BATF is nothing
more than a private army of the government.  Do the agents swear an
oath, as I did, to uphold the Constitution?  You know, that document
that stipulates the highest law of the land?  If they do, they should
be up for charges in a court of law.  Remember, the law?  That's
the whole reason for any of this.

>With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
>more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
>the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look
>at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country
>of ours.

	Yeah, I've been related to many of them.  This is flame-bait,
right?  I'm not paying your price.  Mind if I sight in my guns on
your body?  Think of it as the price you have to pay that we may all
live without fear of my making a stray shot.  It's fine and dandy to
revel in the other guy being the target and your supposed safety.  In
the military, we called this "chicken shit."  Leadership from the rear.
The War on Drugs, despite being a catchy term for nothing more than
a continuation of policy since before this century, seems to have
gotten you convinced that my rights aren't worth your good vibes.
Mind if I cut your net access, as well as access to any and all forms
of expression?  See, you make me nervous, what with you being able
to influence so many.  I'm sure you can see how this is the price we
have to pay for freedom and liberty in this country, as well as
a fair and unbiased judiciary.

>With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
>mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
>women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
>to death 51 days later.

	Mind if we include you in the body count?  I'm sure we could
all file it under "civic improvement" and your life wouldn't have
been sacrificed in vain.  If you like, you can will your estate to
defecit reduction, too.  Now, when you learn how the law protects, or
doesn't protect, everybody equally and how our collective boot may
one day be on your collective throat, perhaps at that time you will
mature enough to realize just what you're talking about and how
serious this is.

	Next time, include a smiley.  While I hesitate to think that
you could have meant this seriously, it deserved a small flame anyway.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54524
From: strnlght@netcom.com (David Sternlight)
Subject: Re: text of White House announcement and Q&As on clipper chip encryption


Though I agree this is not the place to discuss guns, I note in passing that
a number of gun apologists seem to have ignored the words "well regulated"
in their distorted interpretations of the Second Amendment.

David
-- 
David Sternlight         Great care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of
                         our information, errors and omissions excepted.  



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54525
From: dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

In article <1r1eu1$4t@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>In article <1993Apr20.083057.16899@ousrvr.oulu.fi>, dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas) writes:
>> In article <1qv87v$4j3@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>> >In article <C5n3GI.F8F@ulowell.ulowell.edu>, jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) writes:
>
>> >> The massive destructive power of many modern weapons, makes the
>> >> cost of an accidental or crimial usage of these weapons to great.
>> >> The weapons of mass destruction need to be in the control of
>> >> the government only.  Individual access would result in the
>> >> needless deaths of millions.  This makes the right of the people
>> >> to keep and bear many modern weapons non-existant.

>> >Thanks for stating where you're coming from.  Needless to say, I
>> >disagree on every count.

>> You believe that individuals should have the right to own weapons of
>> mass destruction?  I find it hard to believe that you would support a 
>> neighbor's right to keep nuclear weapons, biological weapons, and nerve
>> gas on his/her property.  

>> If we cannot even agree on keeping weapons of mass destruction out of
>> the hands of individuals, can there be any hope for us?

>I don't sign any blank checks.

Of course.  The term must be rigidly defined in any bill.

>When Doug Foxvog says "weapons of mass destruction," he means CBW and
>nukes.  When Sarah Brady says "weapons of mass destruction" she means
>Street Sweeper shotguns and semi-automatic SKS rifles.  

I doubt she uses this term for that.  You are using a quote allegedly
from her, can you back it up?

>When John
>Lawrence Rutledge says "weapons of mass destruction," and then immediately
>follows it with:

>>> The US has thousands of people killed each year by handguns,
>>> this number can easily be reduced by putting reasonable restrictions
>>> on them.

>...what does Rutledge mean by the term?

I read the article as presenting first an argument about weapons of mass
destruction (as commonly understood) and then switching to other topics.
The first point evidently was to show that not all weapons should be
allowed, and then the later analysis was, given this understanding, to
consider another class.

>cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
>OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...



-- 
doug foxvog
douglas.foxvog@vtt.fi

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54526
From: dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

In article <viking.735378520@ponderous.cc.iastate.edu> viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson) writes:
>dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas) writes:

>>You believe that individuals should have the right to own weapons of
>>mass destruction?  I find it hard to believe that you would support a 
>>neighbor's right to keep nuclear weapons, biological weapons, and nerve
>>gas on his/her property.  

>	That really depends upon where you draw the line while defining
>these weapons, 

This means you would support a ban if it were narrow enough.  Good.

>and also on if you intend the law to be reflective of
>modern practice five months or five centuries down the road.  

I would hope so.  Let's define a nuclear weapon as an explosive weapon
whose majority of energy comes from fission and/or fusion of atomic
nuclei.  Let's define a biological weapon as live organisms or viruses 
in such state, quantity, and with such a vector that they could cause 
death or serious disease [further defined] to a significant number of
people if released in a city, similarly populated area, resevoir, or
cropland.  


Nerve gas and mustard gas are well defined.  Other poisonous
gasses should be individually banned only if it can be shown that there
is no use not related to weaponry.  Licenses should be available for
research purposes on such chemicals.

I am not a lawyer, but these ideas could certainly be a basis for 
definitions.

>I'll give
>you a little hint:  see that manure pile in the farmer's field down the
>road?  In the USA, that is a weapon of mass destruction, 

Nope.  It is not considered a weapon.

>biological in
>nature, because if it gets washed into an open well it will contaminate
>the aquifers that supply thousands of cities with drinking water.  So,
>where do *you* draw the line?  In the USA, the EPA has ruled that
>a pile of scrap iron is illegal.  Care to draw a thinner line this time?

It is not defined as a weapon of mass destruction.  Many things are
banned for other reasons.

>< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
><  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >


-- 
doug foxvog
douglas.foxvog@vtt.fi

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54527
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: Will CS burn or explode

rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy) writes:

>The FBI released large amounts of CS tear gas into the compound in
>Waco.  CS tear gas is a fine power.  Is CS inflammable.  Grain dust
>suspended in air can form an explosive mixture, will CS suspended in air
>form an explosive mix? Could large quantities of CS have fueled the
>rapid spread of fire in the compound?

	No chance.  If that CS ignited at all, it would have been
quite similar to a grain bin explosion.  Explosion, I note.  The
entire compound would have been leveled, not merely burned.  As
there was no explosion, there was no CS ignition causing the fire.

	Note: at five miles a decent grain elevator explosion will
knock you on your butt and your ears will ring for days.  I speak
from experience here.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54528
From: tms@cs.umd.edu (Tom Swiss (not Swift, not Suiss, Swiss!))
Subject: Re: Clinton wants National ID card, aka USSR-style "Internal Passport"

johnston@cyberia.win.net (Robert Johnston) writes:
>>
>>How 'bout we embed the `card` in the forhead of everyones skull ? 
>>Can't lose it without being already dead (ergo, no need for treatment).
>>
>Close, at birth we implant a smart chip just behind the ear under the skin but
>above the skull.  We incase it in a hypo-allergenic high carbon content
>glass.  This chip would be reprogrammed as we age with the pertinent
>medical, correctional, taxational data.  Behave yourself or we'll 
>input it into your permenant record.

     You forgot the part about encasing it in a small shaped charge so that
if anyone tries to tamper with it, it explodes and kills you.

     Oh, and the shaped charge can be set off by remote control...but only
if you get out of line. Properly patriotic citizens have nothing to fear.

===============================================================================
Tom Swiss/tms@cs.umd.edu  |  "Born to die"   |   Keep your laws off my brain!
     "What's so funny 'bout peace, love and understanding?" - Nick Lowe 
     This .sig contains no animal products and was not tested on animals.
     "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion,
      or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of
      speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to 
      assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances."
      -- The Constitution of the United States of America

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54529
From: Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no>
Subject: Re: Change of name ??


How we survived ww2:
We mailed postings about things we didn't know any thing about
to ONLY the wrong places.

I'm NOT trying to censor this or any newsgroup, I'm just trying to
give some hints about OTHER newsgroups.
Doesn't this belong to alt.conspiracy ??

NOTE!!!
My posting was in reply to those about FBI torching the plasce after
filling it with napalm, and arrested people dissapering.

>We all know what a quisling is, right?
Obviously we don't.....
Vidkun Quisling is known to be a traitor in Norway, not a 'censor'.
If I have betrayed my country (Norway) bescause I implied that som of 
you jumped to conclusions/sound a little paranoid then I think there
is a LOT of quislings in Norway.......


About Waco
It looks to me as the BATF and FBI can't handle situations like this.
The way it went reminds me of 'stun' bomb beeing dropped on a house
in LA from a helicopter. (Whole block went up in flames, 5 died...)

It doesn't HAVE to be a conspiracy, MAYBE they just screwed up ???



	This is not a .signature.
	It's merely a computergenerated text to waste bandwith
	and to bring down the evil Internet.


                        Thomas Parsli
                        thomasp@ifi.uio.no

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54530
From: kevin@axon.cs.byu.edu (Kevin Vanhorn)
Subject: American Horror File -- call for help


Today's atrocity in Waco has finally impelled me to start working on
something I've been thinking about for some time.  Over the last few
years I have heard of one case after another of government running
completely amok.  Unfortunately, most people are oblivious of the
government's crimes and still think of it as their protector.  So I
intend to put together what I call the "American Horror File": a
compilation of cases where the American government has run roughshod
over the rights of its citizens over the last few years, focusing
especially on deaths and injuries resulting from no-knock warrants,
and financial ruin to innocents resulting from civil forfeiture laws,
but including any other cases for which I can find decent
documentation.  I hope to make people blood-boiling, artery-bursting,
red-hot enraged at their government.

The end result will probably be a book in electronic form (ASCII text
and postscript files) detailing the government's crimes of recent
years.  This book will be distributed at cost, and I will encourage
people to post copies to BBS's, send copies on disk to friends, and
print out copies and give them to neighbors.

This is a call for your help.  Any information that you can send me on
how government is running amok will be greatly appreciated.  I would prefer
information that is well-documented, with sources given, about specific
instances of governmental abuses.  I also welcome anyone who wants to
join me in collecting and researching information for this project.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kevin S. Van Horn       | Is your religion BATF-approved?
vanhorn@bert.cs.byu.edu |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54531
Subject: news says BATF indictment/warrant unsealed...
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)

Something about how Koresh had threatened to cause local 
problems with all these wepaons he had and was alleged to
have.  

Someone else will post more details soon, I'm sure.

Other News:
Sniper injures 9 outside MCA buildling in L.A.  Man arrested--suspect
was disgruntled employee of Universal Studios, which
is a division of M.C.A.


QUESTION:
What will Californians do with all those guns after the Reginald
denny trial?

-Case Kim
kim39@husc.harvard.edu


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54532
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: BATF's Prime Directive

Bully, Them; Bludgeon Them, Bury Them.
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

I'm beginning to look forward to reaching the %100 allocation of taxes
to pay for the interest on the national debt. At that point the
federal government will be will go out of business for lack of funds.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54533
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Janet Reno and "Responsibility"

I see no difference between Janet Reno's claim of responsibility for
the Waco Massacre and the IRA's claims of responsibility for various
acts of terrorism against British citizens.


-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

I'm beginning to look forward to reaching the %100 allocation of taxes
to pay for the interest on the national debt. At that point the
federal government will be will go out of business for lack of funds.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54534
From: Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card



I don't remember the figures EXACTLY, but there were about 3500 deaths in Texas
in 1991 that was caused by guns.....
This is more than those beeing killed in car-ACCIDENTS!
(Yes, there could be that low sentences or high poverty could influence the
figures but they're still *pretty* high right??)
I also believe Texas has some of the most liberal 'gun-laws' in USA......


*I* should not suffer because of others....
We all agree on this one, BUT we also live in a sociaty and therefor
we'll have to give up *SOME* of our 'freedom' (Note the '').

Do you have an insurance??
Then you'll have to pay because of what others do...

Do you buy anything??
YOU are paying for those who return goods, steal or even those who gets a bonus...

Do you live with other people??
Then you 'can't' do ererything you'd want (burping/farting playing music LOUD)

-What the hell is he trying to say ??
When you live in a society (USA are stilll counted as one...) you
have to saccrifice.
The question is HOW MUCH.


One state (don't remember which, Texas??) tried to impose a rule that you could
only buy ONE gun each MONTH. Think you all know what happened.....

I respect the right to defend yourself, but that right should not inflict on
other people.

It seems like you all realize that you have a problem in America, the only
problem is
that you won't take the car away from the drunk driver, you hope to cure him
first.

Hope life comfirms to the standard of Winnie the Poh.



	This is not a .signature.
	It's merely a computergenerated text to waste bandwith
	and to bring down the evil Internet.


                        Thomas Parsli
                        thomasp@ifi.uio.no

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54535
From: <DGS4@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: Clinton wants National ID card, aka USSR-style "Internal Passport"

In article <1993Apr19.162137.1306@hsh.com>, paul@hsh.com (Paul Havemann) says:
>
>In article <C5KsE0.5px.1@cs.cmu.edu>, tsmith+@cs.cmu.edu (Tom Smith) writes:
>> In article <1993Apr16.022926.27270@ucsu.Colorado.EDU>                       U
>fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.ED
>(Frank Crary) writes:
>>>In article <C5JIF8.I4n@boi.hp.com> slack@boi.hp.com (David Slack) writes:
>>>>The idea of the card is bull in and of its self, but I'm curious to know,
>do
>>>>they plan on making it a requirement to *always* have it on you, or is it
>>>>only going to be required to be *presented* when trying to ge medical aid?
>>>
>>>This, at least, has already been determined: The Blue Cross medical
>>>coverage for all federal employees is a good model for a future
>>>national system. To get emergency medical care, anyone so insured
>>>must always carry their Blue Cross card. Before entering a hospital,
>>>you must notify Blue Cross, or they will refuse to pay your bills.
>>>In an emergency, where you must be treated before notifying them,
>>>you must inform them within 24 hours or (if you are unable to do
>>>so for medical reasons) the hospital must. Failing to do so within
>>>24 hours means they will not cover the hospitalization. In you need
>>>your card to notify them (and without the card, the hospital certainly
>>>wouldn't know they had to.) Therefore, you are required to carry
>>>the card at all times, or do without emergency medical coverage.
>>>
>> Which works fine until you end up in the hospital because you were hit on
>the
>> head and your wallet, with your insurance card, is stolen.  This happened to
>> me, and it took six months to sort the mess out.  These sorts of plans sound
>> nice at first, but in the end they just create a lot of paperwork and
>> bureaucracy to deal with all the checking and filing they involve.
>>
>>                               Tom the non hacker
>
>Whoa!  Have a care what you say, Tom.  The _obvious_ answer to that problem
>is to tatoo your National I.D. Number on you -- say, your forearm -- so you
>can never leave home without it.  Hell, it worked once before...
>
>And that brings us back to my original, sarcasm-laden post:  where's the
>outcry from the liberal sector over the National ID Card?  My God, if some
>conservative had proposed this -- plus Clinton's "National Police" proposal
>-- the liberals would be shrieking "Sieg Heil!" and "Police State"!
>
>You self-styled liberals ought to be ashamed of yourselves.  Hypocrites!

I don't know what you watch, but I saw a spokesman for the ACLU voice
opposition to this idea on NBC the very first night.




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54537
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

I predict that the outcome of the study of what went wrong with the
Federal Assault in Waco will result in future assaults of that type
being conducted as full-scale military operations with explicit
shoot-to-kill directives.
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

I'm beginning to look forward to reaching the %100 allocation of taxes
to pay for the interest on the national debt. At that point the
federal government will be will go out of business for lack of funds.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54538
From: stevek@cellar.org (Steve Kraisler)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

chiu@io.nosc.mil (Francis Chiu) writes:

> Brent Irvine (irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu) wrote:
> 
> : failed to mention the Davidians pouring kerosene all over and lighting it i
> : plain view.
> 
>   Brent, I'm still waiting to see if there are any evidence of how the fire
> got started, so I'm not going to tell you who did it...  As far as you keep
> talking about the Davidians pouring kerosene all over, stop and *think*
> for a second if it is possible the stove or lamp was knocked over and
> started a fire, and the Davidians were pouring water on it (wrong solution
> but I doubt I can do much better in their states of mind...) to try to
> put it out?   
> 
>   By the way, just how far where you standing from the Davidians when you
> saw them setting the place on fire?   Oh, in case you are new in town,
> microwave ovens doesn't work very well when there's no electricty. :-0
> 
>   Get some *facts* before you post next time!
> 
> --F. Chiu

First the FBI said they saw two members of the cult start the fire-and the 
FBI never lies.  Second, the first started in opposite ends of the compound 
at the same time and thirdly, the fire spread too quickly for it not to be 
help without an accelerate.


------
stevek@cellar.org (Steve Kraisler)
The Cellar BBS - (215) 539-3043

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54539
From: ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r3j2k$da2@menudo.uh.edu>, HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.) writes:
> 
>   The problem with the FBI as a monolithic entity doing it is that it requires
> *everybody* involved to keep their mouths shut.  While they tended to behave 
> like total idiots, that does not make them homocidal maniacs, either.  And if
> it was one nutcase agent, then it serves no purpose to blame the whole agency.

A great deal of documentation exists on exactly that phenomenon. Especially
regarding Vietnam and the Mai Lai (sp?) massacre

Not that I'm suggesting that they started it on purpose but even if they
now know that they accidentally started (or contributed to it) you can
be sure the initial reaction is to lie. Remember the Iranian airliner
which the US navy mistook for a fighter and shot down?
-- 
Alan Greig                            Janet: A.Greig@uk.ac.dct
Dundee Institute of Technology	   Internet: A.Greig@dct.ac.uk
Tel: (0382) 308810                 (Int +44 382 308810)
         ** Never underestimate the power of human stupidity **

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54540
From: mcsdc1jpb@dct.ac.uk (John Bell)
Subject: Re: The Holocaust Revisited

In article <1993Apr21.151601.14962@gozer.mv.com>, klm@gozer.mv.com (Kevin L. McBride) writes:
> The U.S. Government's campaign of persecution and genocide against the
> Branch Davidians was a resounding success.
> 
> Heil Clinton!  Heil Reno!  The Gestapo is alive and well and living in
> Washington, D.C.

Are you for real?

People dumb enough to give their money and possessions to a guy who says he's
jesus deserve all they get

Anyway, he killed a few feds

He's not the goddam hero here

He's dead an' i'm happy!!!!!

> 
> -- 
> Kevin, who agrees that David Koresh was probably a first-rate nutcase
>        but who firmly believes that the Bill of Rights guaranteed his
>        his right to be a religious fanatic and that the government is
>        guilty of violating his civil rights and of 1st degree murder.
> 
>        OK, which small, under-represented-in-congress religious group
>        are we going to persecute next and are we going to torch their
>        church with a rolled up copy of the Constitution?
> 
>        I think I'm going to be sick now. . .
-- 
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
%% John Bell %%%  Dundee FC:                                                %%% 
%% D.I.T.    %%%  League Champions:61/62        runners up: 06/07 48/49     %%%
%% Dundee    %%%  League Cup wins :51/52 52/53  runners up: 67/68 80/81     %%%
%% Scotland  %%%  Scottish Cup win:1910         runners up: 1925,1953,1964  %%%
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54541
From: <MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU>
Subject: Re: Cost/Benefit Analysis (was FBI Director's Statement...)

Has anyone noticed or commented on the fact that so many of those who
were willing, nay demanding, that we wait forever for Mr Hussein and
Iraq, that we use tremendously costly "sanctions", to avoid a loss
of life, are now at the fore front of those clammoring that we should
have smashed those "religious radicals" and we were wasting money allowing
this stand off to go on  ?  How the worm turns when the sect changes.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54542
From: cower@csli.stanford.edu (Richard Cower)
Subject: CNN report: FBI/ATF killing ALL Americans


CNN just reported the ATF and the FBI have begun killing everyone in the
United States. A press release stated this action was required because
bugs had revealed that many people were doing something illegal in their
homes, and statistical data indicated that those who weren't might someday
do something illegal. An ATF spokesperson, just before he shot himself, stated
that "this would clean up things once and for all".

If the citizens can be gathered into groups of more than 100, the FBI has
indicated they will "burn them, just like we did those kooks in Waco". 
It hasn't been decided how the new proposed "energy tax" will enter into
this, an IRS representative stated "We're looking at the tax code to determine
if taxes really end at death. With this many dead Americans, we don't want
to overlook anything". An ATF agent ran into the room, and shot her.

Stay tuned....rich

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54543
From: gaucher@sam.cchem.berkeley.edu
Subject: Re: The Dayton Gun "Buy Back" (Re: Boston Gun Buy Back)

In article <C5uCHu.FFn@cbnews.cb.att.com> lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:
>According to WNCI 97.9 FM radio this morning, Dayton, Ohio is operating a
>gun "buy back".  They are giving $50 for every functional gun turned in.
>They ran out of money in one day, and are now passing out $50 vouchers of
>some sort.  They are looking for more funds to keep operating.  Another
>media-event brought to you by HCI.
>
>Is there something similar pro-gun people can do ?  For example, pay $100
>to anyone who lawfully protects their life with a firearm ?  Sounds a bit
>tacky, but hey, whatever works.
>-- 
>Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Here are a few ideas:

1) a free library card so they can look up the FBI
   Uniform Crime Report which shows how good HCI is
   at lying through their teeth,

2) a free RTD Transit Pass which will allow anti-gunners
   to tour South Central Los Angeles and convince
   people living there that they don't need guns to protect
   themselves because the police will do it for them 
   (don't lose the pass, you'll need it to get out),

3) a free bus ride to Vermont, which has almost no gun
   control and, curiously enough, almost no crime either,

4) a free calculator, since anti-gunners have heretofore
   been unable to figure out what a small percentage of
   the guns owned in America are used to commit violent crime.

--------------------------------------------------------------
Lee Gaucher    NRA                  |  My opinions.
gaucher@sam.cchem.berkeley.edu      |  No one else's.
--------------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54544
From: irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r2dqq$5of@geraldo.cc.utexas.edu> mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider) writes:
>irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>:cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>:>mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
>:>>
>:Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
>:Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.
>
>Hey, Einstein, ever tried to use an electric stove or microwave WITHOUT
>ELECTRICITY?  It's been shut off for weeks now, courtesy of your local FBI
>assault squad.

Calm down.  It is not as if I tweaked the fount of the flame wars
or anything (guns, anything to do with them).

-- 
<><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
<>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
<><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54545
From: kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead)
Subject: Re:  Blast them next time

oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham) babbles:

What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.

	If they'd gone to the door and knocked on it to serve the
	warrant, like the Sheriff had done 3 other times, they
	wouldn't have needed to HAVE an initial assault.  But then,
	Herr Klinton and Attorney Gen'l Reno wouldn't have been
	able to have told such heroic stories about how they
	"protected" the rest of us from a group of people who
	kept to themselves, miles out in the prairie.

The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use
more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to
do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they
must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.

	The BATF needs to be disbanded.  This out of control group
	of Rambo wannabees is a danger to the Republic.

With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country.

	Well, I figure you're going to get flamed pretty badly by
	everybody else for this incredibly stupid statement, so I'll
	just let it pass for now.

	Case Western reserve, huh?  Do the Feds know about that big 
	stockpile of automatic weapons and crack you have in  your
	house?  Are you the same Daniel Oldham that lives on Orchard
	Drive?  Just so they get the address right, that is...

Look
at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country
of ours.

	Well, it used to be a great country.  Now I'm not so sure.  
	I knew a few of those good people who died in wars;  I was
	in Viet Nam.  I can assure you, none of us fought to protect
	the right of the government to attack its own citizens with
	military force without provocation.  (Hint: serving a search warrant
	is NOT sufficient provocation to stage a military style assault
	on a religious group.  At Least not here in the US.  Maybe in
	Iraq, or Syria...)

With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
to death 51 days later.

	This is a joke, right?  Or are they really letting fools like
	you into CWRU now?  Too bad. Used to be a good school.  How'd you
	get in anyway, did your old man buy a new wing for the library?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54546
From: holland@CS.ColoState.EDU (douglas craig holland)
Subject: Re: "43 to 1" all over again.

In article <1993Apr21.175441.22582@iitmax.iit.edu> draughn@iitmax.iit.edu (Mark Draughn) writes:
>[Followups to talk.politics.guns only.]
>
>In article <1qv87v$4j3@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares
>writes:
>>In article <C5n3GI.F8F@ulowell.ulowell.edu>, jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John
>>Lawrence Rutledge) writes:
>>
>So, a person who keeps a gun at home is 43 times more likely to die,
>at home, from a gunshot than he or she is likely to kill an intruder.
>
>Sounds like apples 'n' oranges to me.
>
>In any case, has anybody tried to make the obvious counter-study?
>
>What are the numbers for someone who does not keep a gun at home?
>That is, what is the ratio of dying-at-home-from-a-gunshot to
>killing-an-intruder, for people who do NOT keep guns in their homes?
>
>So, what are is the ratio of unarmed people shot to death in their
>homes v.s. unarmed people who kill intruders?  Is it worse than 6 to 1?
>
>Inquiring minds want to know.

I don't know this specific ratio, but I do have an earlier post that says
a gun is 33 times more likely to defend someone (including the times where
the gun isn't fired, just scares the perpetrator away) than it is to kill
someone. (including self defense)  The post is kind of long, but I'll be
glad to dig it up and email it to anyone who asks.

Doug Holland

-- 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
|  Doug Holland                | Anyone who tries to take away my freedom  |
|  holland@cs.colostate.edu    | of speech will have to pry it from my     |
|  PGP key available by E-mail | cold, dead lips!!                         |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54549
From: VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: The Dayton Gun "Buy Back" (Re: Boston Gun Buy Back)

In article <C5uCHu.FFn@cbnews.cb.att.com> lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:

>According to WNCI 97.9 FM radio this morning, Dayton, Ohio is operating a
>gun "buy back".  They are giving $50 for every functional gun turned in.
>They ran out of money in one day, and are now passing out $50 vouchers of
>some sort.  They are looking for more funds to keep operating.  Another
>media-event brought to you by HCI.
>
>Is there something similar pro-gun people can do ?  For example, pay $100
>to anyone who lawfully protects their life with a firearm ?  Sounds a bit
>tacky, but hey, whatever works.

      Ack, what a public relations nightmare just begging happen.

      "Gun Lobby pays vigilanties."

      "NRA to shell out dough to gunfighters."

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54550
From: bob@hobbes.dtcc.edu (Bob Rahe)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu> green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green) writes:

>What I would like to see is some serious discussion of this incident.  I
>believe the moves made were right and proper, but I still have some problems
>with some of the tactics.  After watching the ABC special on it tonight, as
>well as CNN and Nightline, I question some of the ATF and FBI actions.

   >Some< of?

>1) Could it have been possible to have taken Koresh outside the compound at
>some time before the Feb. 28th raid?

  Yes, I think so and it has been reported as such.  Seems like a cowboy
movie-style attack was needed for some reason....

>2) Could a further wait have resulted in a different outcome.

  The answer is probably YES. But consider; what was the WORST thing that
could have happened if they waited?  Hint: whatever it was it could not have
been any worse that what DID happen.  

>One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
>"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
>had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.

  But that statement of taking full responsibility is totally meaningless.
What are the consequences for being fully responsible for this disaster?
A note in your personnell file??  Slick already called these people a bunch
of crazy people and dismissed the idea she should resign.  Doesn't take 
ANY balls at all to take the responsibility.  Hell, at that rate >I< will
take full responsibility for it.  No skin off my nose....
-- 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
|Bob Rahe, Delaware Tech&Comm College | AIDS, Drugs, Abortion: -        |
|Internet: bob@hobbes.dtcc.edu        |  - Don't liberals just kill you?|
|CI$: 72406,525 Genie:BOB.RAHE        |Save whales; and kill babies?    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54551
From: pngai@adobe.com (Phil Ngai)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5sv88.HJy@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>>Do YOU eat all your food cold?
>
>Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
>Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.

The Dividians didn't have that option after the FBI cut off their
electricity.

-- 
 Flag burners don't bother me as much as seeing the American flag on
tanks assaulting the church of Americans who had never bothered anyone.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54552
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: The Holocaust Revisited

In <1993Apr21.175443.5338@dct.ac.uk> mcsdc1jpb@dct.ac.uk (John Bell) dribbles
in his nappies and manages to splutter:

	You know, John, if you had kept the follow-up to line here on talk
politics guns, we might have taken you a bit more seriously.  It would have
at least implied that you had some backbone, perhaps a modicum of willingness
to present your views and support them.  I guess we all know better now.

>People dumb enough to give their money and possessions to a guy who says he's
>jesus deserve all they get

	Really?  That's interesting, as I was always of the opinion that
people dumb enough to keep a monarchy around and support them with tax
funds when said monarchy is merely a figurehead deserve all that
they get.  Dunkirk, for example.  What?  That has nothing to do with it?
Then enjoy your helping of foot.

>Anyway, he killed a few feds

	And they killed a few people of their own, including one child
at last report.  So what?  Being a federal agent is not license to kill.
Then there's CNN indicating that the ATF/FBI actually *DID* start the
fires which would mean feds killed just under 100 people.  If you're
so hot to assign blame, make sure you don't overlook the obvious.

>He's not the goddam hero here

	Montgomery isn't much of a hero here, either.  Amazing how
different things look on the other side of the pond, isn't it?  Not
that what you think makes much of a difference in the USA, though, and
for good reason.  When you can vote I'll take your rhetoric a bit more
seriously.  Right now, you're merely a waste of trans-atlantic bandwidth.

>He's dead an' i'm happy!!!!!

	Proof positive that ignorance really is bliss.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54553
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <93110.165704U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>In article <1993Apr19.203606.27625@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>,
>andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:
>>Wrong - there are people who can legally carry concealed in IL and
>>there are circumstances under which MANY people can carry concealed.
>>
>>Is accuracy really too much to expect?
>
>As I said before no it isn't.  In another post I referred to the Illinois
>statutes and how I looked up the law for concealed carry.   I will type in the
>complete law and post later  but I would like to prove that I was correct using
>accurate information so I will put sections down here now.

Good - now let's look at those sections.  They'll prove my point.

>     (a)  A person commits the offense of unlawful use of weapons when he
>knowingly:
>
>(4)  Carries or possesses in any vehicle or CONCEALED on or about his person
>     except when on his land or in his own abode or fixed place of business
>     any pistol, revolver, stun gun or taser or other firearm;

Note that this doesn't affect all concealed carry.  (Look after the
word "except".)  It always helps to read the law before commenting on
it.

Would a prudent storekeeper carry concealed?  How about someone at
home?  Note that both are legal, and a lot of "common" people qualify
for one or the other.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54554
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <CMM.0.90.2.735386976.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no> Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
>I don't remember the figures EXACTLY, but there were about 3500 deaths in Texas
>in 1991 that was caused by guns.....
>This is more than those beeing killed in car-ACCIDENTS!
>(Yes, there could be that low sentences or high poverty could influence the
>figures but they're still *pretty* high right??)
>I also believe Texas has some of the most liberal 'gun-laws' in USA......

And you'd be wrong about that too.

Note that Texas isn't unique in this "more with-gun deaths than
with-car deaths", but some of the other states where it happens have
extremely strict gun laws.  Oops - so much for the "meaning".

It isn't clear that the comparision means anything anyway as car
accidents are unintentional while gun deaths aren't, but if we're
going to make it, let's at least be honest.

>*I* should not suffer because of others....
>We all agree on this one, BUT we also live in a sociaty and therefor
>we'll have to give up *SOME* of our 'freedom' (Note the '').

Give it up for what?  Gun control doesn't have any benefits, so
it fails by this standard.

>Do you have an insurance??
>Then you'll have to pay because of what others do...

Note that insurance gives me something in return - gun control doesn't.

>-What the hell is he trying to say ??
>When you live in a society (USA are stilll counted as one...) you
>have to saccrifice.
>The question is HOW MUCH.

That's half the question - the rest is "and what do you get for your
sacrifice".  If the answer to the second question is "nothing", as it
is for gun control, then we don't have to ask the first question
because getting nothing means that no sacrifice is justified.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54555
From: aj359@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Christopher C. Morton)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!


In a previous article, jdurbin@nl.oracle.com (Jason Durbin) says:

>If even half the speculations of conspiracy made about this are
>true, then I would expect that you people should be calling for
>the ATF, FBI, Texas Rangers, Congress and all branches of the
>US government to be immediately and completey disbanded  --  no
>exceptions. 
>
>Jeez, do you people really beleive all this crap? Do you also beleive
>in the Zionist Occupation Government and the tooth fairy?

I leave the anti-semitism to anti-gun types like Holly Silva.  I have in
fact been calling for the disbanding of the BATF for quite some time.
It is an outlaw agency run by incompetants who only have contempt for
the laws which they supposedly enforce.

>Admittedly mistakes were made but why attribute them to malice rather
>than stupidity?
>
I attribute the acts of the FBI to stupidity.  I attribute the acts of
the BATF to malice.  So did Senator Dennis DeConcini when he held
hearings about their misconduct.


-- 
*************************************************************************
If you were smarter, you'd have these opinions....
*******************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54557
From: f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu
Subject: Re: Arlen Specter's address?

In article <1993Apr22.143329.4296@ccsvax.sfasu.edu>, f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu writes:
> In article <1993Apr22.142540.20687@icd.ab.com>, kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead) writes:
>> Anybody got Arlen Spectre's address?  I want to write to him and thank him
>> for showing the leadership to demand a Congressional investigation
>> into the Waco mess.
>> 
>> Ken
> 
> 	You are talking about the man who as a federal attorney did so
> much to frustrate the proper investigation of the JFK assassination by
> the House sub-committee on assassinations.  Fox and hen house???
> 
Please note that my above comment was not intended as a flame of Ken's
call for Congressional leadership to conduct a proper investigation.
It was merely to call attention to the hazard of having Specter involved.
If anyone took it that way, I apologize.

 *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 Joe Gaut                    |   In the super-state, it really does not
 <f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu> |   matter at all what actually happened.
     Remember the Alamo      |   Truth is what the government chooses to 
       Remember Waco         |   tell you.  Justice is what it wants to happen.
                                        --Jim Garrison, New Orleans, La.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54558
From: mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <4615@isgtec.isgtec.com> robert@isgtec.com (Robert Osborne) writes:
>Michael Frederick Rhein (mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU) wrote:
># In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
># >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
>#                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
># As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day  
># in Texas.
>
>Not that I agree with the original theory or anything, buuuuut:
>Since their utilities were turned off they might be using wood stoves
>to cook their meals.
>
>Rob.
>--
>Robert A. Osborne   ...!uunet.ca!isgtec!robert or robert@isgtec.com
To Rob and all others that have been debating about the wood stove.
   The original post claimed that the ATF/FBI was pumping napalm into the 
building with the hopes that the wood stove inside would ignite it.  I responed
with why would the wood stove be lit in the first place?  It wouldn't be lit 
for heating purposes because of the weather in Texas.  Everyone now claims 
that it was for cooking.  Stop and think about this.  CS gas was being pumped
into the building and I presume that everyone was wearing gas masks (either
bought or some type of makeshift type) and this had been going on for 6 hours.
I don't know if you have ever been around CS, but I have.  Being exposed to CS
gas was part of my Army training, so I know that without a mask it VERY 
uncomfortable and makes your eyes water, nose run, and makes you sick in 
the stomach.  And with the mask it is very difficult to drink water much less 
eat.  So my question now is "why were they cooking food?"
   I will buy that a lantern could have been knocked over and caused the fire.
But that stove was not being used for cooking (unless they were even more
crazy than the ATF/FBI claim).

Michael



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54559
From: lairdb@crash.cts.com (Laird P. Broadfield)
Subject: Re: Need Senate Bill numbers and House Resolution numbers

In <53930421052235/0005111312NA3EM@mcimail.com> 0005111312@mcimail.com (Peter Nesbitt) writes:

>I want to get involved in the fight to save our gun rights.  But first, I need
>to get a little more educated.  I've been reading all the magzines and books I
>can get my hands on, and sifting through hundreds of messages here in the 
>Internet.
[...]
>Can anyone tell me how/where to obtain this info?  Surely there has to be a
>way to obtain copies of anti-gun legislation from those *&%$#@'s in Washington.

The House Document Room can be reached at +1 202 225 3456.  You need to 
have the number of the document you want (e.g. HR1036) and they'll be happy
to send it to you.  Tell them if it's going to be a big stack, because the
surly sounding guy who answers is scrawling in a really awful hand on the
back of the envelope that will come and will run out of room quickly if
you don't tell him.

The Senate document room is too important to deal with the likes of you
and I, and will answer requests from off the hill only by mail.


-- 
Laird P. Broadfield     lairdb@crash.cts.com    ...{ucsd, nosc}!crash!lairdb
Hi!  I'm a shareware signature!  Send $5 if you use me, send $10 for manual!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54560
From: lairdb@crash.cts.com (Laird P. Broadfield)
Subject: Re: request advice on waist-bags/fanny paks

In <9304200955.aa09758@angel.qdeck.com> burge@qdeck.com (Bill Burge) writes:

>(I've heard that the color strip on the Bianchi was put there to identify
>the Bianchi fanny pack to law enforcement.  They suposedly recieved a flyer
>indicating the color combinations for easy sighting.  This has led to 
>lackluster sales for the Bianchi.)

Well, that was an easy decision.  No more Bianchi anything for me.


-- 
Laird P. Broadfield     lairdb@crash.cts.com    ...{ucsd, nosc}!crash!lairdb
Hi!  I'm a shareware signature!  Send $5 if you use me, send $10 for manual!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54561
From: kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead)
Subject: Re: Your Evil Tax Dollars at Work, was RE: ATF BURNS RANCH ETC ETC...

Mark 'Mark' Sachs <MBS110@psuvm.psu.edu>, representing the Students for 
Increased Beverage Access (SIBA), writes:


>Oh? Then why did the smoke and flames start from three different places?
>In particular, three different places where there were no APV's?


Well, I only saw it start in one place.  A tank punched a hole in a wall,
and as it withdrew flames came out and spread quickly in the direction that
a 30+ mph wind was blowing.  I saw a diagram in USA Today yesterday, and
fires started at 2 of the 3 holes that the tanks made.  A terrible, negligent
accident.


>And if the government did start the fire, then why weren't people trying
>to get out of the compound?


Maybe they couldn't.  I've often marvelled at how people could get burned alive
in the upstairs of a 2 story house on fire, but it happens all the time.
What if they were in sealed rooms, trying to avoid the gas, and didn't know
about the fire until it surrounded them?  Remember the Israelis hiding in
sealed rooms during Desert Storm to avoid gas-bearing Scuds?

Cripes, Mark, are you REALLY a college student?  Maybe you ought to stop
worrying about increased beverage access and start clearing your head.
Ever heard of questioning authority? 

>And besides... oh, I don't know why I'm even bothering.


OK, I'll buy that.  You _do_ seem totally clueless...


>I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem eager to believe
>a murderous, heavily-armed religious cult, despite much evidence to the
contrary. 

Wellllll....  They weren't murderous.  They'd never harmed or even threatened 
anybody until they were attacked by a paramilitary force using military weapons
and hardware.  And as far as "evidence", what are you talking about?  
Everything the Feds have said they've retracted practically as soon as they get
questioned in detail about it.  Maybe you and your Increased Beverage
Access buddies, sitting around the bar slurring stuff like "they shoulda
killed 'em all 51 days ago" don't feel that way, but then you're probably
one of those people still saying about Klinton "Give the guy a chance, we don't
even know what he's gonna do! (Burp)


>Thought Experiment: Suppose this exact same thing happened under
>the Bush administration. What would your answer be then? Would you still
>prefer to believe the cultists?

>(No, I don't really expect a response to that challenge.)

No problem, you don't have any questions that scare any of us.  Most of our
minds are apparently more developed than yours.  

The answer is:  *YES!*  In a f*cking heartbeat!  

Thought Experiment:  Would you be mindlessly down on your knees with your mouth 
open, blissfully sucking up anything the Feds said if Bush were the president?
What, no comeback?  (OK, go ahead, say it.  "Read my lips, no new taxes" %^P   )


>>But then
>>again, that is how Mr. Clinton was elected, by people who believe that
>>his campaign promisses would be respected by him once he got into office.

>Um, isn't that how all politicians are elected?

Not in such a great degree.  Bush broke one promise, maybe two (taxes/guns)
and we held him accountable for it.  Of course, it took him the better part of
4 years to do it;  Slick's only been in office 101 days and he's broken lots
of them.  Anddd...  I imagine he'll also be held accountable for that.

(I can just see the campaign buttons now:   "ABC - Anybody But Clinton")

>So is there any particular reason the gummint decided to slaughter eighty
>people? Are they, like, just plain evil, or what? Did they just wake up
>one day, stretch and yawn, and throw a dart at a map of the United States
>to figure out who to oppress that day? I'm eager to know.

Hmmm.... Apparently you just got here.  Nobody's claiming that it was anything
but a stupid mistake by a bunch of incompetent public employees who normally
don't get this kind of scrutiny when the mess up.  And as far as how they picked
the Davidians, who knows?  Maybe they figured that nobody'd care about such
a politically incorrect group as a bunch of fundies out on the Texas prairie.
Maybe they figured they'd just go in there and run roughshod over the BDs
during their religious services (which was the reason the Feds gave for the
timing of the raid) rather than running into resistance.  Maybe they KNEW
that the BDs weren't ANYWHERE NEAR as violent as the Feds' spin doctors are
trying to tell the public.  Maybe they were AFRAID to try this kind of thing
on the Crips and Bloods.  Maybe it was because the ATF's budget is up for
approval and they seem to favor doing something dramatic whenever that is
the case.  Of course, their reasoning doesn't matter, only what they did,
and this time, people are just paying more attention to it.


>And does Bill Clinton have cooler theme music than Darth Vader? 

Not if you mean that stupid "don't stop thinking about tomorrow"...

>How is he on diabolical laughter? 

All I've ever heard is Hillary's diabolical giggle.  Waffle Man seems to have
lost his sense of humor...

>Does he look good in a cape? 

Don't know, never seen him in one.  He probably looks fat and puffy faced,
just like in a suit.  I saw him in the Rose Garden the other day, and I
couldn't get over how much he is starting to look like Teddy Kennedy.


>These things MUST be investigated. You first.


Don't worry, these things WILL be investigated.  Now go back to your beer,
you dimwit....



  ************************************************************************
*  I've heard a lot of people compare Bill Clinton to Jimmy Carter, and   *
*  I'd like to go on record as saying that I don't think that it's fair.  *
*  Jimmy Carter was a veteran, and he had personal character.  And even   *
*  though I can't agree with Carter's policies, I always believed that    *
*  he was telling the truth, as best he understood it.  I can't say       *
*  that for the Fat Cat...                                                *
  ************************************************************************
Ken Whitehead (kdw@odin.icd.ab.com)





Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54562
From: n9020351@henson.cc.wwu.edu (James Douglas Del-Vecchio)
Subject: Re: Don't knock the Glock (was Re: My Gun is like my Am Ex Card)



>In article <1993Apr15.152834.16638@mksol.dseg.ti.com>, pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.
com


>>Seriously.  There is no difference in the safeties betweena Glock and any DA
>>revolver.  Intellectually, think of the Glock as a very high cap revolver.
>>Ignoring stove pipes, misfeeds and all the other bonus exercises that
>>autoloaders give you, that is.

On a DA revolver, you get another try on a misfire.  On a pistol where
the trigger does not cock the hammer, like a Jennings, or an Astra M400,
or a Glock, a misfire requires the slide be cycled to get the gun  to
function.

Rather than a high capacity revolver, think of a Glock as an Astra M400 
with no manual safety and a heavier trigger pull.

Jim Del Vecchio

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54563
From: dlb5404@tamuts.tamu.edu (Daryl Biberdorf)
Subject: Latest on Texas HB 1776 (CCW)


I called the Texas bill tracking people (800/253-9693) again today 
regarding HB 1776 -- Concealed Carry.  Well, it was supposed to come
up for a vote this past Wednesday, but the bill got sent back to
the Public Safety Committee.  The PSC gave it a favorable rating
AGAIN, and the bill must now be scheduled for debate by
the Calendars Committee AGAIN.
             Daryl Biberdorf  N5GJM    d-biberdorf@tamu.edu
               + Sola Gratia + Sola Fide + Sola Scriptura

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54564
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1993Apr16.162447.26289@beaver.cs.washington.edu>, graham@cs.washington.edu (Stephen Graham) writes:
> In article <1qicep$obf@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
> >In article <1993Apr14.232806.18970@beaver.cs.washington.edu>, graham@cs.washington.edu (Stephen Graham) writes:

re: is "John Q. Public with a gun" protected?

> >> It's worth noting that US vs. Miller sustained Miller's conviction
> >> of possession of an illegal firearm, noting that a sawed-off shotgun
> >> was not a proper militia weapon. 

> >No, they noted that no one had CLAIMED that it was a proper militia
> >weapon (despite having been used in at least two wars).  This was true,
> >since neither Miller nor his lawyer appeared before the Court.

> Did they or did they not sustain Miller's conviction? I don't have the
> text of the case handy. 

Miller was convicted of owning a sawed-off shotgun and not paying the
NFA '34 tax.  Snatches of the court's decision:

The Second Amendment was intended to "assure the continuation and render 
possible the effectiveness of such a force [the militia]... It must be 
interpreted and applied with that end in view."

The militia includes "all males physically capable of acting in concert 
for the common defense."

However, regarding sawed-off shotguns, "certainly it is not within 
judicial notice that this weapon is any part of the ordinary military 
equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense."

"Judicial notice" is the term of art here -- it meant that no such
evidence had been formally presented.  This is different from claiming
that they had ruled that it wasn't.

> Yes, shotguns had been used in WWI, the Spanish-American War, and the
> US Civil War. That was not in question. The possession of a sawed-off
> shotgun was, i.e., a weapon altered to improve concealibility.

I'm not talking about plain shotguns in war -- I'm talking about short-
barrelled ("sawed-off") shotguns in war.

Compare Revolutionary War blunderbusses; luparas in the Spanish-American 
War; and trench-cleaners in WW I.  They were also put to good use by
US soldiers in WW II, not to mention being invaluable to "tunnel rats" 
in Vietnam, but, of course, "Miller" took place in 1939.

> >> Therefore, US vs. Miller supports limited government regulation of 
> >> firearms.
> >
> >Don't go arguing down this road unless you are willing to abide by 
> >the consequences that you find at the end of it -- mainly, that the
> >law-abiding common man has a right to own any weapon that has a militia 
> >purpose, from handguns to sawed-off shotguns and fully automatic weapons.
> >That, in fact, is what this decision says.
> 
> You are free to produce evidence that I'm not willing to abide with
> all the implications of this. 

Here is my quandary:  you seem to be arguing that certain types of 
guns fall outside the scope of the Second.  This isn't a useful argument 
unless you believe that some significant gun or class of gun belongs
in that class.  

I think we both agree that zip guns probably aren't protected.  Maybe 
we also both agree that all the weapons that random state governments 
have been banning or trying to ban because they have "no sporting purpose" 
and "no provate citizen would ever need these guns" DO fall under the 
protection of the Second.  

So, given that damn near any gun of any practical utility is or has at 
some time been used by the military, even if only for marksmanship 
training purposes, I need to understand why you are intent on pressing 
this point, arguing that that SOMETHING is not protected by the Second.

> Just because I don't whole-heartedly endorse the NRA position does not
> mean that I oppose the RKBA. This attitude is what makes the NRA
> unpopular.

Often, what makes someone unpopular is what other people say about him.
How much did any of us fear or abhor the Branch Davidians six months ago?
How many of us feared or abhorred Saddam Hussein five years ago?
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54565
From: thf2@kimbark.uchicago.edu (Ted Frank)
Subject: Re: Gritz/JBS/Liberty Lobby/LaRouche/Christic Insitute/Libertarian/...

In article <C5L2BC.C2x.1@cs.cmu.edu> rubinoff+@cs.cmu.edu (Robert Rubinoff) writes:
>In article <93105.230230U23590@uicvm.uic.edu> <U23590@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>>Note that Bo Gritz was on the Populist party ticket with David
>>Duke (for veep) in 1988 until he found out that Duke was leading
>>he ticket, when he withdrew his candidacy.  

That's a revisionist account of what happened.  Gritz was well-aware
of Duke's presence on the ticket.  Given that Gritz is not at all shy
about associating and promoting other white supremacists (such as the
Christian Identity movement or Willis Carto), whatever reasons Gritz
had to leave the ticket had nothing to do with Duke's presence.

>>So Gritz gave up his
>>chance to be Vice President of the US just to aviod supporting
>>Duke.
>
>I'd hardly call that "giving up his chance to be Vice President of the US";
>the chance of the Populist Party ticket winning is essentially nil.  Still,
>it does imply that he doesn't want to be associated with Duke.

I believe Chip Berlet has a Populist Party newsletter from the time with
a photo of Gritz happily shaking hands with Duke.
-- 
ted frank                 | 
thf2@kimbark.uchicago.edu |         I'm sorry, the card says "Moops."
the u of c law school     | 
standard disclaimers      | 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54566
From: rboudrie@wpi.WPI.EDU (Robert A. Boudrie)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1993Apr16.010235.14225@mtu.edu> cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter) writes:
>In article <C5Bu9M.2K7@ulowell.ulowell.edu>
>jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) wrote:
>
>> In article <1q96tpINNpcn@gap.caltech.edu> arc@cco.caltech.edu
>> (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:
>> >The Second Amendment is a guarantee of the right to bear arms.  Clearly
>> >and unequivocally, without infringement.
>
>> Unfortunately the Second Amendment is not as clear as you state.  If last 
>> part of it is taken along, it follows what you have said.  The problem
>> I have is with the first part of the single sentence which makes up the
>> amendment.  The Second Amendment is:
>
>> 	A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security 
>                         ^^^^^^^ Militia
>
>> 	of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear 
>                  ^^^^^ State
>
>> 	arms, shall not be infringed.
>        ^^^^ Arms
>
>You didn't even get the capitalization correct!  Try reading USCA on
>the Constitution, or get any other CORRECT version of the
>Constitution. 
>
>> This mention of a well regulated militia is what confuses me.  According
>> to the Federalist Paper's, a well regulated militia has a well defined 
>> structure and follows nationally uniform regulations.
>
>Perhaps you should actually READ the Federalist Papers!!
>
>    James Madison, Federalist Paper 46: "Besides the advantage of
>    being armed, which the Americans possess over the people of almost
>    every other nation, the existence of subordinate governments, to
>    which the people are attached, and by which the militia officers
>    are appointed, forms a barrier against the enterprises of
>    ambition, more insurmountable than any which a simple government
>    of any form can admit of.  Notwithstanding the military
>    establishments in the several kingdoms of Europe, which are
>    carried as far as the public resources will bear, the governments
>    are afraid to trust the people with arms."
>                  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>
>    James Madison, I Annals of Congress 434, 8 June 1789: "The right
>    of the people to keep and bear... arms shall not be infringed.  A
>    well regulated militia, composed of the body of the people,
>                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>    trained to arms, is the best and most natural defense of a free
>    country..."
>
>    Alexander Hamilton, Federalist Paper 29 (on the organization of
>    the militia): "Little more can reasonably be aimed at, with
>    respect to the people at large, than to have them properly armed
>               ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>    and equipped; and in order to see that this be not neglected, it
>    will be necessary to assemble them once or twice in the course of
>    a year."
>
>    Alexander Hamilton, Federalist Paper 29 (speaking of standing
>    armies): "... if circumstances should at any time oblige the
>    government to form an army of any magnitude that army can never be
>    formidable to the liberties of the people while there is a large
>    body of citizens, little, if at all, inferior to them in
>    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>    discipline and the use of arms, who stand ready to defend their
>                                    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^*****
>    own rights and those of their fellow-citizens."
>    ***^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>
>But *surely* Hamilton and Madison didn't mean the PEOPLE when they
>said "people", right?  That's why the Amendment refers to "the Right
>of the Militia"?...  ;-)
>
>> Your average 
>> 17-45 year old male does not fall into the definition.
>
>You're right, the Militia consists of ALL able bodied males (and
>probably females under current interpretation). 
>
>> Therefore most
>> members of The Militia, the one the every gun advocate refers to, are
>> not members of a well organized militia and therefore are not directly
>
>The Amendment does nor refer to "well organized", it says "well
>regulated".  I have some targets you may examine if you wish to check
>how _well regulated_ I am. 
>
>> mentioned in the amendment.
>
>> If this amendment wanted to allow every member of The Militia to keep
>> and bear arms, why did it specificly mention a "well organized militia" 
>> in the SAME SENTENCE as the right to keep and bear arms?
>
>Correct.  That's why the Right is reserved to the People.  And that
>was to insure the People could form a "well regulated Militia", not a
>"well organized militia".
>
>> It could be
>> argued that the first part of the sentence is separate from the last 
>> part.  If so, why was it include in the same atomic unit of written
>
>What do Atomic Units have to do with this argument?  Any moron can set
>h_bar = C = 1...
>
>> instead of a separate sentence?
>
>Oh, I see what your question is; Why don't you read the federalist
>Papers?! 
>
>    James Madison, Federalist Paper 41 (regarding the "General
>    Welfare" clause): "Nothing is more natural nor common than first
>    to use a general phrase, and then to explain and qualify it by a
>    recital of particulars."
>
>But what does Madison know about the grammatical style of the 2nd?  He
>only wrote it.
>
>> The amendment also implies that the right to arms has to due with 
>> the security of a free state.  The Federalist Paper's mention of a
>> well regulated militia gives many examples of how this militia protects
>> the security of a free state.  All these examples are actions of a
>> very organized force, not some John Q. Public with a gun.
>
>That's obviously because you've never actually *read* the Federalist
>Papers. 
>
>> All that the Second Amendment clearly states to me is that the people's
>> right to form well regulated militias shall not be infringed.  That is 
>> people have the right to join a well organized militia.  This well
>> organized militia will, of course, provide training in how to use arms
>> and in basic military tactics.  These training members of the militia
>> can keep and bear the arms.
>
>Can't read, huh?  Show me where the document says "well organized
>militia". 
>
>> Lastly, reading through the Federalist Paper's on well organized 
>> militia it is very clear that many of the reasons for these militias.
>> One reason stated is the protection from a standing army.  These days
>> the standing army could easily defeat a group consisting of every 
>> 17-45 year old male and female not in the armied forces.
>
>That is *exactly* why EVERY PERSON should be allowed to own *any*
>weapon currently in use in the armed forces.
>
>> Another
>> reason stated for well organized militias is to reduced the need
>> for a standing army.  Well, the US Armied Forces have been a standing
>> army for more than half the history of the US.
>
>But the major reason is to protect against that very same army.
>
>> It seems to me the whole reason for the Second Amendment, to give
>> the people protection from the US government by guaranteeing that the
>> people can over through the government if necessary, is a little bit
>> of an anachronism is this day and age.  Maybe its time to re-think
>> how this should be done and amend the constitution appropriately.
>
>    Abraham Lincoln, First Inaugural Address, March 4, 1861: "This
>    country, with its institutions, belongs to the people who inhabit
>    it.  Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing government,
>    they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it, or
>    their revolutionary right to dismember it or overthrow it."
>
>    Rep. Elbridge Gerry of Massachusetts, spoken during floor debate
>    over the Second Amendment, I Annals of Congress at 750, 17 August
>    1789: "What, Sir, is the use of a militia?  It is to prevent the
>    establishment of a standing army, the bane of liberty. ...
>    Whenever Governments mean to invade the rights and liberties of
>    the people, they always attempt to destroy the militia, in order
>    to raise an army upon their ruins."
>
>So now we know which category Mr. Rutledge is in; He means to destroy
>our Liberties and Rights.
>
>--
>Charles Scripter   *   cescript@phy.mtu.edu
>Dept of Physics, Michigan Tech, Houghton, MI 49931
>-------------------------------------------------------------
>"...when all government... in little as in great things, shall be
>drawn to Washington as the centre of all power, it will render
>powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will
>become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we
>separated."   Thomas Jefferson, 1821

>> In article <1q96tpINNpcn@gap.caltech.edu> arc@cco.caltech.edu
>> (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:
>> >The Second Amendment is a guarantee of the right to bear arms.  Clearly
>> >and unequivocally, without infringement.
>
>> Unfortunately the Second Amendment is not as clear as you state.  If last
>> part of it is taken along, it follows what you have said.  The problem
>> I have is with the first part of the single sentence which makes up the
>> amendment.  The Second Amendment is:
>
>>       A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security
>                         ^^^^^^^ Militia
>
>>       of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear
>                  ^^^^^ State
>
>>       arms, shall not be infringed.
>        ^^^^ Arms
>
>You didn't even get the capitalization correct!  Try reading USCA on
>the Constitution, or get any other CORRECT version of the
>Constitution.

There are several ways in which one can choose to intrepret any 
constitutational issue :

   (a) Original intent
   (b) Subjectively intrepreted accordiong to political whims of the day.

If we use original intent as the basis for intrepreting the constitution, 
it is clear that the founding fathers intended that the individual citizen 
be allowed to bear arms similar to those used by soldiers of the day.

For references, I cite :

  - Federalist papers
  
  - "The Embarassing Second Ammendment", Yale Law Review, 
    Prof. Stanford Levinson [sorry, I don't have the date handy]

       Prof Levinson sought to prove that the 2nd ammendment did not
       convey an individual right, but concluded that it did, hence the 
       "embarassing" in his title.
 
  - Report of the Subcomittee on the Consititution, United States Sendate,
    97th Congress, Second Session February 1982.

  - U.S. vs. Verguido Urguidez (Supreme court case in recent years).  
    Although this case did not pertain to firearms, Justice Rhenquist
    notes that the term "the people" is a term of art conveying individual
    rights, and specifically cited several used, 2nd ammentment included,
    in his opinion.

  - Title 10, U.S. Code.  This states that all males between the ages of
    18 & 45 not part of the organized militia, and all female officers of
    the national guard are part of the unorganized militia.

Feel free to cite any scholarly and historical references you have to
support your position.  I could go on a greater length with my personal
proof by assertion, however, such a technique would carry no more or
less weight that your dubious proofs by assertion.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54567
From: cwwhite@vax2.concordia.ca (Stephen White)
Subject: Re: Gritz/JBS/Liberty Lobby/LaRouche/Christic Insitute/Libertarian/...

In article <C5L2BC.C2x.1@cs.cmu.edu>, rubinoff+@cs.cmu.edu (Robert Rubinoff) writes...
>In article <93105.230230U23590@uicvm.uic.edu> <U23590@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>>Note that Bo Gritz was on the Populist party ticket with David
>>Duke (for veep) in 1988 until he found out that Duke was leading
>>he ticket, when he withdrew his candidacy.  So Gritz gave up his
>>chance to be Vice President of the US just to aviod supporting
>>Duke.

>I'd hardly call that "giving up his chance to be Vice President of the US";
>the chance of the Populist Party ticket winning is essentially nil.  Still,
>it does imply that he doesn't want to be associated with Duke.

>  Robert

Exactly, after all he was in the same party, probably just didn't want the
bad press that being directly associated with Duke would bring.  Conversely,
is his disdain for David Duke supposed to make us ideolize him?  I mean
a stand against neo-nazism ... Whoa!  Now that's progressive!  Come on.

I certainly know that I would refuse and openly denounce my Vice Presidency
if it meant putting him in control.

								--Stephen White

| 	"Live simply that others may simply live" --Mohandas K. Gandhi	       |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54569
From: loki@acca.nmsu.edu (Entropic Destroyer)
Subject: Need info on 43:1 and suicide for refutation

The following is quoted from the tail end of a (rather condescending)
article about Paxton Quigley, that appeared in US Snooze and World Lies,
(sorry... i think it was in the wall street journal...)
and was repeated in the Colorado (people's) Daily, a student newspaper
at the University of Colorado at Boulder.

"A study of residential gunsot deaths in King County, Wash., found that
a gun in the home was 43 times more likely to be used to kill its owner,
spouse, a friend, or child than to kill an intruder.  Studies by the 
Western Psychiatric Institute, in Pittsburgh, found that the mere presence
of a gun in the home sharply incresases the likelihood a family member
will commit suicide, even in the absence of psychiatric illness."

I have seen these numbers quoted before, and I have seen very specific
refutation of them quoted as well.  If someone will be so kind as to
email the relevant information, I will write a letter to the editor of
the Co. Daily (which might get published) and send a copy to USN&WR as
well.

Thanx...

--Dan

--
  DoD #202 / loki@acca.nmsu.edu / liberty or death / taylordf@ucsu.colorado.edu 
                 Send me something even YOU can't read...
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.1

mQCNAitfksQAAAEEAKceEjWI9f5KMJyKP0LOgC5dGHRpbMY2xhOo8kpEHMDyuf8a
1BfDQSj53kosTz6HRoshSDzLVuL1/40vPjmMNtFR+vyZ4jvd3rL4iuq2umMmex3M
itf3uLt8Xn/v/QAbsvhcFSHVJVK4Lf6wosuCMO03m2TiX31AI7VB0Uzo4yXjAAUX
tCREYW5pZWwgRiBUYXlsb3IgPExva2lAYWNjYS5ubXN1LmVkdT4=
=S5ib
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54570
From: kckluge@eecs.umich.edu (Karl Kluge)
Subject: Re: Gritz/JBS/Liberty Lobby/LaRouche/Christic Insitute/Libertarian/....


> From: arf@genesis.MCS.COM (Jack Schmidling)
> Subject: Re: Gritz/JBS/Liberty Lobby/LaRouche/Christic Insitute/Libertarian/....
> Date: 15 Apr 1993 20:57:53 -0500
> 
> I can't speak for the organizations you cited but everywhere you look in
> our society and government, one can see the relentless movement toward
> one world government.  The fact that the media demeans such charished 
> values as patriotism, nationalism and protectionism are some of the
> clues....Our porous border both people and trade are an indiciation that 
> we have already lost a great deal of sovergnty.

...and I'm sure that people who were big fans of fuedalism pissed and
moaned about the emergence of the modern nation-state. Imagine, the King
allowing serfs their freedom if they could live in the city for a year!
Times change, technology changes, viable forms of social organization
change. While concerns about preserving Western notions of civil liberties
in the face of cultures with very different values is a valid one, it's
a waste of effort to try to turn back the tide. It's much smarter to focus
on trying to make sure that the emerging forms of social organization are
acceptable than it iss to lament the passing of the old forms.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54571
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <C5L0n2.5LL@ulowell.ulowell.edu>, jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) writes:
>
>So the phrase "the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall 
>not be infringed" must either qualify or explain the phrase "a well 
>regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state."  

[stuff deleted]

>Since "the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be
>infringed" does not describe, modify or make less harsh anything and
>it has nothing to do with grammar or some sort of position or task.
>By process of elimination it must fall into definition #3.  And since
>#3 deals with legal power, the same thing the Constitution does, it
>must be the correct definition in this case.  Therefore, "the right 
>of the people to keep and bear Arms" gives legal power to the "well 
>regualated militia" and this legal power "shall not be infringed".  

Ah, clarification by obfuscation.

Actually, the words "A well regulated Milita, being necessary to the
security of a free state" is a present participle, used as an
adjective to modify 'militia', which is followed by the main clause of
the sentence, the subject being 'the right', the verb 'shall'.  It
asserts that the right to keep and bear arms is essential for
maintaining a milita.  The sentence doesn't restrict the right, or
state or imply possession of the right by anyone or anything other
than the people.  All it does is make a positive statement regarding a
right of the people. The PEOPLE, as in you and me, as in the First,
Fourth, Ninth, Tenth, as well as the Second amendment.
The existence of this right is assumed - it is not granted by the
amendment. There is no stated or implied condition relating the right
to bear arms to the necessity of a well-regulated militia to the security of
a free state.
In other words, the entire sentence says that the right to keep and
bear arms is UNCONDITIONAL.


>So in effort not to force my views and not "to destory our Liberties and
>Rights,"  I state that nothing I have written, or will write, in
>the matter of "Liberties and Rights" is the final word.  For I am only
>one person among many and the final word on "Liberties and Rights" cleary
>and irrevocably belongs to the many.

The final word on liberties and rights should not belong "to the
many".  That is why we have a Constitution.  Otherwise, a tyrrany of
the majority can ensue from "popular" opinion, a concept which you
should be familiar with from the Federalist papers.

Al
[standard disclaimer]


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54572
From: gary@colossus.cgd.ucar.edu (Gary Strand)
Subject: Re: The Slaughter

  [followups to talk.politics.guns]

rl> Russell Lawrence
kr> Karl Rominger

kr> I support the right of any citizen with out a criminal history to own and
    use firearms, regardless of race, gender, and RELIGION.

rl> Thanks for admitting that you, yourself, adhere to an illogical dogma.

  Well, folks in t.p.guns, want to show how Russell's "illogical dogma" is
  wrong?

--
Gary Strand                      Opinions stated herein are mine alone and are
strandwg@ncar.ucar.edu            not representative of NCAR, UCAR, or the NSF

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54573
From: crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com (Ron Phillips)
Subject: Randy Weaver Trial - Day 2 

This was posted to the firearms-politics mailing list.
==============================================================
Hi Folks;

Wednesday marked day 2, the beginning of the trial.  Opening
statements were given by both the prosecution and the defense,
each side presenting its version of what happenned last August.

The prosecution argued that Weaver and his family moved to
Idaho in 1983 anticipating a battle with the "evil" federal
government.  The prosecution alleges that Weaver sold federal
agents "sawed off" shotguns and later failed to appear for
trial: Despite repeated "good faith" efforts to get Weaver
to surrender peacefully, Weaver refused.  The shootout erupted
when Weaver discovered agents on a surveillance mission and
began firing.  According to the prosecution, three people
were taking an "offensive action" against an FBI helicopter
when an FBI sniper killed Vicki Weaver.

The defense argued that Weaver and his family moved to northern
Idaho in 1983 to practice their religion in peace.  They wanted
simply to be left alone.  Weaver was induced by federal agents to
sell the short-barrelled shotgun (and did not, as the prosecution
alleged, want to become a "regular supplier").  The defense also
argued that the federal government sought to arrest Weaver when
he wouldn't become an informant [it is not specified explicitly,
but I assume that this is a reference to the white separatist
angle of the story.  We'll know more as things develop].  The
failure to appear in court happenned because Weaver was given
an incorrect court date and then indicted before that date.
The shootout occurred when federal agent Arthur Roderick killed
Weaver's dog that was in proximity to Weaver's son, Samuel.  Weaver
then fired in self-defense.  In the ensuing battle, federal
agent William Degan was killed (when his gun was later found,
there were 7 .223 cases nearby and the gun was on semi-automatic:
However, agents were near the body for an extended period of
time and could have played with the select-fire - this will
have to be more fully explained).  Finally, the defense claims
that Vicki Weaver was only going to "look at the body" [not recover?]
of her son when she was cut-down by an FBI sniper.

Prosecution quote: "Weaver wanted that confrontation, and he made
that confrontation." -- Asst. U.S. Attorney Kim Lindquist

Defense quote: "The evidence in this case is going to show that
this is a case where Randy Weaver and Kevin Harris are charged
with crimes they didn't commit in order to cover crimes that
the government did commit."  -- Gerry Spence  [nice soundbite!]

Notes: The _Idaho Statesman_ claims that Weaver supporters
heeded a call from Spence not to repeat yesterday's protests
outside the courthouse.  However, the local NBC affiliate
again had footage on the 10:00 news with 5 supporters including
"Tim" again.  "Tim" claimed he was a skinhead, who were "ordinary,
working class people."  He also claimed he was for "white pride,
not white power."

Outside the courthouse the television crew had an impromptu interview
with Bo Gritz, who charged that the neo-nazi protestors are exactly
what the government wants to smear Randy Weaver.

In an affiliated article carried in the _Idaho Statesman_, about
a dozen lawyers were among the 70 or so people packed into the
courthouse.  These lawyers were present to watch Gerry Spence
in action, and to perhaps learn something from him.  Some
tidbits: Spence flatly told the jurors that he and his son Kent
were volunteering their time to represent Weaver because they
believed in him.  Spence, during his 90-minute opening statement,
repeatedly walked behind Weaver and placed his hands on the
defendants shoulders (Weaver broke down and cried during the
recounting of his wife's death), and Spence compared the "sawed
off" shotgun to driving 56 mph when the limit was 55 (another
good one!).

Today (Thursday, April 15th) the prosecution was scheduled to
begin presenting evidence.

Drew
=============================================================


-- 
**************************************************************
* Ron Phillips               crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com *
* Senior Customer Engineer                                   *
* Intergraph Electronics                                     *
* 381 East Evelyn Avenue               VOICE: (415) 691-6473 *
* Mountain View, CA 94041              FAX:   (415) 691-0350 *
**************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54574
From: crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com (Ron Phillips)
Subject: Randy Weaver Trail - Day 3 

This was posted to the firearms-politics mailing list.
=============================================================
Hi Folks;

Thursday, April 15 marked Day 3 of the trial.

This day marked the first testimony of the trial.  Deputy
U.S. Marshal Larry Cooper took the stand for the prosecution.

The short version is that his testimony was consistent with
the opening statements for the prosecution.

Cooper testified that he had arrived in Spokane (Washington)
on August 17, 1992 to participate in a surveillance operation
with five other deputies near the Weaver cabin.  The team was
using night vision equipment for surveillance, and split up
into two teams of three people.  The six later met at an
observation point above the cabin.  After this, deputies
Cooper, William Degan, and Arthur Roderick began a descent to
scout further possible surveillance sites.

Cooper told the court that Roderick threw two large rocks into
a gully to see, "whether the [Weaver family] dogs would respond."
Striker, the Weaver's yellow lab, started toward them barking
loudly.  Roderick led the three in a run from the area.

They ran through some dense woods into an open area [called the
"fern field"] with the dog in pursuit.  By this time, Kevin
Harris and Samuel Weaver had joined the chase.  The surveillance
team had reached a Y in the road: Cooper decided that they should
take cover in the woods because otherwise they would be an easy
target and might be "shot in the back."

As Degan reached the Y, he spotted Randy Weaver coming down the
road from the cabin ahead.  Weaver was startled but did not fire.

At this moment, Striker reached Degan, and Cooper had to "fend
him off with his gun."  [It is unclear whether this means he
clubbed the dog or shot the dog].  Both Cooper and Degan then
took cover in the woods.  According to Cooper, Kevin Harris and
Samuel Weaver continued walking down the road, apparently not
noticing the two.  After they had passed by on the road, Degan
got up on one knee, raised his gun, and shouted, "Stop!  U.S.
Marshal!"  Harris then "...brought the weapon around at hip level
and fired.  He didn't bring the weapon up to eye level.  I saw
Bill's arm going back, and I knew he had been hit."  Cooper fired
at Harris, and Harris went down.  Cooper then brought his weapon
to bear on Samuel, but did not fire.  At this point, Cooper then
heard two shots to his right.  Samuel Weaver looked in the
direction of the shots, yelled, "You son of a bitch!" and ran
toward them.  Cooper then realized that shots were coming at him
from directly ahead, so he fired a three-round burst at the
cabin.  At this point he then saw Samuel Weaver running toward
the cabin.  When Cooper reached Degan, he placed his first two
fingers on Degan carotid artery, counted two or three beats, and
then his heart stopped.  Shortly thereafter, Roderick and the
other three marshals joined him.  They then all heard a large
burst of gunfire from the area around the cabin.

On cross-examination, David Nevin questioned the point of
throwing rocks into the gulley, asking, "You wanted to lure that
dog out so you could shoot that dog, didn't you?"  Nevin also
pointed out that in last September's testimony, Cooper had
claimed that he spotted Weaver after the dog had left him.
Cooper claimed that he had gone over the events in his head and
decided that Thursday's account was correct.  Nevin continued the
cross-examination by asking what Cooper would have done had an
armed man dressed in full camouflage jumped out of the woods at
him [no answer was available].

Friday, April 16 marks continued cross-examination of Cooper.

Notes: There was no coverage of protestors.

Drew
==============================================================

-- 
**************************************************************
* Ron Phillips               crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com *
* Senior Customer Engineer                                   *
* Intergraph Electronics                                     *
* 381 East Evelyn Avenue               VOICE: (415) 691-6473 *
* Mountain View, CA 94041              FAX:   (415) 691-0350 *
**************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54575
From: whughes@lonestar.utsa.edu (William W. Hughes)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

In article <mjones.735513787@fenway> mjones@donald.aix.kingston.ibm.com writes:
>whughes@lonestar.utsa.edu (William W. Hughes) writes:
>>I have already called senators, legislators and the Governor demanding
>>that the warrants be unsealed, and that all involved in this atrocity
>>(including the President, Attorney General and Governor) be suspended
>>pending an investigation.
>>Welcome to Amerika!
>Let's see...first, you want everybody up through the President suspended
>PENDING an investigation, then you refer to AMERIKA? Guess you remembered to
>take your irony supplements this morning, eh?

*sigh*

It is standard procedure to suspend law enforcement officers, or re-assign
them to administrative (non enforcement) duties, while an investigation
into possible misconduct is going on. The Administration has given no
indication that such suspensions will occur in this case. And given that
the president, attorney general and governor were all involved in the
decisions that led to the Waco Massacre, they should also suspend all
activities regarding law enforcement. Given their positions, that equates
to an enforced vacation.


-- 
                            REMEMBER WACO!
     Who will the government decide to murder next? Maybe you?
[Opinions are mine; I don't care if you blame the University or the State.]

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54576
From:  ()
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

In article <1r6p8oINN8hi@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
Arras) wrote:
>  
> I have not made up my mind about Waco, but there sure seems to be a group of  
> devoted government following fanatics willing to believe whatever that  
> government wants to tell them, without any shred of doubt, nor thought of thier
> own.  They sure get shrill whenever their belief structure is being shaken.
> 
> Kinda reminds you of the BDs, doesn't it?
> 
> Jim

Go to hell. I'm no "government [-] following fanatic." Your sweeping
generalizations evince your own ignorance. What were they supposed to do?
Just let him be? Fuck him. Fuck the ATF, too. They should've done it right
the first time.

joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54577
From:  ()
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1r5rnn$rdt@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>, bu008@cleveland.Freenet.Edu
(Brandon D. Ray) wrote:

> Perhaps you've been under a rock the last few days?  The BATF and the FBI
> are both federal agencies.  Clinton has admitted in front of news cameras
> that Janet Reno (the once and future Attorney General) gave him a full
> briefing of what was planned *before* they did it, and he gave her the
> go ahead.
> 
> Maybe, just possibly, that makes him a *teensy* bit responsible?

Perhaps you've been under a rock since, say, the turn of the century. How
in the #$^& is one man supposed to review every single freaking
governmental action, every day? That's why we have an executive branch. HE
reviewed the plan and said "go," but he wasn't the architect and he wasn't
there, bullhorn in hand, implementing it. Yes, he was responsible in the
sense that he was briefed. So what! Shit happens. That sounds like a
callous way to dismiss the deaths of 90+ people, but I can't understand why
people get so bent about the accidental death/suicide (which is it? could
take months...) of some total fucking sociopath/child molester and his
crazed followers while opposing U.S. intervention in Bosnia. Just like
Billy boy said. I think some of you people have too much time on your
hands, and screwed up priorities.

Just my HO...

joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54578
From:  ()
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1r6h4vINN844@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
Arras) wrote:
>   
> You seem to make two points.  No one ultimately oversees the federal agencies  
> you mention, and since Koresh "apparently" has a different view point from your  
> Baptist upbringing, then he is not worthy of protection from religious  
> persecution.  As to being the Messiah, is not Christ within us all?
> 
> Must be comforting to belong to a government approved religion.
> 
> Baptists are a cult, two, BTW, under most of the definitions in the dictionary  
> of "cult".
> 

I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
and M-16's/AR-15's and banging/marrying thirteen yuear olds. You're a sorry
son of a bitch if you can't draw a distinction between these two things.
People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend sociopaths
who aren't deserved of it. Get a life and chill on the paranoia.

joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54579
From:  ()
Subject: Re: BATF & FBI Do Right Thing in Waco

Ditto. Great post.

joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54580
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Re: Ammo in a fire (was Re: WACO burning)


In article <C5xBwr.5B8@world.std.com>, htf@world.std.com (Harry Carter) writes:
>sunshine@cco.caltech.edu (Tom Renner) writes:
>
>>v111qheg@ubvmsb.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION) writes:
>
>>>Can you imagine what happens when a magazine explodes? Bullets go flying every
>>>where. IMHO, these "gunshot wounds" were actually caused when the magazines 
>>>went up.
>
>>A minor technical point: unless a cartridge is contained (for example in the
>>chamber of a gun) when it goes off, very little of interest happens.....
>
>
>Quoting Hatcher's notebook:
>      The Sporting Arms and Ammunition Manufactures' Institute reported
>      a demonstration made by taking a large quantity of metallic
>      cartridges and shotgun shells and burning them in a fire of oil-
>      soaked wood.  The cartridges and shells exploded from time to
>      time, but there was no general explosion or throwing off of
>      bullets or shot to any distance.
>      Throughout the test the men conducting it remained within 20 ft.
>      of the fire without being injured in any way..... the material
>      of which the cartridge and shells are composed will usually not
>      fly more than a few feet.
>      In tests conducted by the National Rifle Association, both rifle
>      and pistol cartridges were exploded by heat under an ordinary
>      corrugated pasteboard carton, and neither fragments of the
>      cartridge cases nor bullets penetrated the cardboard.
>
>
>  Any scientists care to try this out in their kitchen?  :-)

Here goes:

More than a few years back (if you were born that year, you can legally drink),
we tried it out.  We found an 8 ft. deep cistern that we lined with some 10 ft.
2X6s.  We put a large can (one of those industrial sized pork'n beans cans)
stuffed with oily rags and scraps of wood in the bottom.  After lighting the
fire, we LOWERED a box of .38 Spc. SWCs into the can.  We heard pops, one solid
bang and several "fizzzz shussss".  After we thought the excitment was over, we
boldly climbed down to find that NONE of the bullets had left the can, several
of the shells were lieing around the bottom of the well and the boards had all
died of smoke inhalation.  And 5 or 6 of the shells still had live primers!
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54581
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Re: The Truth about Waco


In the videos of the original BATF attack on the BD church, did anyone
happen to see BATF agents on the highest structure, where Koresh's
room was? I don't recall seeing BATF agents higher than the roof of the
lowest structures, so I made an assumption that BATF helos did the
firing down into the tower. Any other info on how the rounds came
through the roof?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54582
From: HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In <1993Apr23.153005.8237@starbase.trincoll.edu> () writes:

> I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
> and M-16's/AR-15's and banging/marrying thirteen yuear olds. You're a sorry
> son of a bitch if you can't draw a distinction between these two things.
> People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend sociopaths
> who aren't deserved of it. Get a life and chill on the paranoia.

  I am not a paranoid, nor a government toady, nor even am I the guy you were
talking to originally, but I think you are simply NOT PAYING ATTENTION.

  A bunch of people living off by themselves with a lot of guns nearby is not
that wierd in Texas.  My own family, very quiet taxpayers with extremely con-
ventional views, has something like 10 rifles and shotguns in a two-person
home.  Some of them were mine, but I don't live there anymore.  I now have
my own shotgun in my apartment.

  Texas Child Protective Services (which loves to find child abuse) found no,
I repeat NO, evidence of abuse when they first looked at the BD, and is saying
that they see none in any of the kids who were released.  There is no evidence
that Koresh was banging anyone but his wives.

  It is not against the law to stockpile (most) weapons or campbell's soup.  
Nor is there any hard evidence in the form of actual hardware (as I write this)
to prove the BD really had any *proscribed* weapons.

  I feel they were all loonies, but there is no indication that they ever 
bothered anyone.  They were gone after in the wrong ways for the wrong reasons,
and the BATF and FBI who are so busy trumpeting this child abuse angle hasn't
got a leg to stand on or any right to be involved in such abuse cases anyway. 
If there was any real danger of the BD's going out on a rampage, then that
is up to the officers of the state of Texas, who are probably getting a per-
verse bit of pleasure at getting to torque the Feds for fucking up something
in their state.

semper fi,

Jammer Jim Miller 
Texas A&M University '89 and '91
________________________________________________________________________________
 I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
"Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing System."
 "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
      ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54583
From: irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <C5vGME.GoA@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:
>In article <C5v9Fv.Krt@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>>In article <C5uHuo.Awq@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:
>>>In article <nate.1485.735408842@psygate.psych.indiana.edu> nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle) writes:
>>>>    Yeah, as information trickles in... funny how that works...
>>>
>>>Funny, yeah, funny how you didn't wait for the FBI spokesdroid 
>>>latest reversal of "facts" before proclaiming the BD's burned
>>>themselves to death.
>>
>>If you won't believe anything the government says, and the press
>>is not reliable according to the same logic, then what do you base
>>your statements on?  Wild speculation laced with a healthy dose
>>of paranoia?
>
>Are you a moron or just illiterate? The "facts" that the FBI 

Neither.  

>proclaimed on Monday suddenly weren't "facts" anymore by 
>the Tuesday press conference.

You don't have to pay attention to any one source, neither do you
have to abandon your critical thinking, but to disregard all sources
of information as 'lies' and 'distortions' and substitute your own
pet theories is more likely to get you wild untruths than by basing
your theories on the 'facts' as they are reported by the media and
the government.

> There has beed NO evidence of
>anyone setting the fire deliberately you simpleton so

Actually there was evidence of the fire being set deliberately -
both testamony by the survivors and IR tape showing the fire
being set in 3 places AND the petrochemical soot that the fire 
was giving off (indications of kerosine or gasoline feeding the
fire).  

You might not believe 1 or 2 if you are totally paranoid or very
skeptical, but my 3rd point is visible to anyone who watches the
tapes of the fire and has started a BBQ grill.

>what are YOU basing your statements on? Oh, I forgot, you're
>the guy that doesn't know microwave oven need electricity,
>never mind.

Ho ho ho.  I listen to NPR, watch CNN, NBC.  I also read the
papers.   Where do you get YOURS?

-- 
<><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
<>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
<><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54584
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

>>That's The BD side of the story.  The other is that D. Koresh met
>>agents at the door with a weapon.  Remember the affidavit indicates
>>that Koresh had spent $200,000 on assault weapons in the past year and
>>now we know that the 'bunker' adjacent to the house is thigh deep with
>>a million rounds of ammunition.



	* The news statement was that there was $200,000 worth of "firearms
	  and ammunition (no mention of "assault weapons")" on the premises,
	  not that Koresh had purchased them (what would his crime be if he
	  had?).  This averages to about $2000 per person, not an astronomical
	  number.

	* We don't know that there is a thigh-deep pile of a million rounds...
	  we know that the FBI SAYS there is a pile of a million rounds. 

	* This is the first I've heard that Koresh was identified as being
	  at the door with a weapon.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54585
From: kam@cv.hp.com (Keith Marchington)
Subject: Re: Your Evil Tax Dollars at Work, was RE: ATF BURNS RANCH ETC ETC...

Mark 'Mark' Sachs (MBS110@psuvm.psu.edu) wrote:

: Oh? Then why did the smoke and flames start from three different places?
: In particular, three different places where there were no APV's?

The crushed remains of a PRESSURIZED propane tank were found in the ruins
of the BD compound.  The key word is PRESSURIZED.  When that baby was 
crushed, the gas would have gone all over the place.  And when ignited, 
would look just like the pictures of the explosion we saw on the TV 
news.  Ammo doesn't go up all at once - kind of like fireworks going off.
Propane gas goes off in a big fireball.  Gee, that's kind of consistent 
with what the pictorial history shows.  Hmmmmm...

: And if the government did start the fire, then why weren't people trying
: to get out of the compound?

Remember, PRESSURIZED gas.  People all over the building.
Conflagration in less than a minute.  Huge explosion.  Gas masks being
worn by the inhabitants.  Makes a lot of sense that very few of those
on the inside would even know that the tank was damaged.  If they
thought it was just a normal fire, they would probably be trying to
put it out.  Then - BOOM - the fireball.  After that explosion and 
concussion, I doubt anybody on the inside of the building was capable
of moving.

: And besides... oh, I don't know why I'm even bothering.

Good question.  Take an objective look at what happened, listen to the 
things that the FBI said ("The BD's started the fire."  "The BD's bodies
were found with gunshot wounds.") that are now being refuted by the 
evidence being recovered.  Seems that the FBI is deliberately making
statements that have no rational basis in fact, and trying to make
them sound like fact.  

: I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem eager to believe
: a murderous, heavily-armed religious cult, despite much evidence to the
: contrary. Thought Experiment: Suppose this exact same thing happened under
: the Bush administration. What would your answer be then? Would you still
: prefer to believe the cultists?

Yes, I would still believe that the FBI and the BATF were on a non-stop
string of lies and half-truths.  This is consistent with their operations
on numerous occasions.

And as for the BD's being murderous, they did not cause any problems until
they were assaulted by the BATF.  So now a thought experiment for you:  If
the BATF had never stormed that farm, would four agents and 90 BD's be
dead today?  

: (No, I don't really expect a response to that challenge.)

: >But then
: >again, that is how Mr. Clinton was elected, by people who believe that
: >his campaign promisses would be respected by him once he got into office.

: Um, isn't that how all politicians are elected?

Yes.  That is how politicians are elected.  Kind of scary, isn't it.  Now
if we as a people actually held Mr. Clinton to his promises instead of
apologizing and denying that he ever made them, and actually expected
accountability by our government, I doubt that debacles like Waco would
happen as often as they do.

: So is there any particular reason the gummint decided to slaughter eighty
: people? Are they, like, just plain evil, or what? Did they just wake up
: one day, stretch and yawn, and throw a dart at a map of the United States
: to figure out who to oppress that day? I'm eager to know.

Acutally, no.  THe BATF has a rather checkered history of staging raids of
this sort just prior to the time when their budget comes up for review.  
Oddly enough, their budget was about to be reviewed just two weeks after
the initial raid on the BD's.  "Coincidence?  I think not!"

And as for the fire, what happened was caused by the act of knocking over
walls with an armored vehicle of destruction.  The FBI tried to convince
the world it was suicide, but all of the facts that are coming out by
the investigation of the Texas rangers and medical examiners point to 
a gas explosion and quick fire that decimated all of the occupants of the
building.  Sounds to me like a law enforcement agency that is trying to 
cover its ass.  

: And does Bill Clinton have cooler theme music than Darth Vader? How is he
: on diabolical laughter? Does he look good in a cape? These things MUST be
: investigated. You first.

Oh, please.  If you want to argue, argue.  If  you merely want to demean those
who see this differently than you, then please go somewhere else.  

: Mark Sachs IS: mbs110@psuvm.psu.edu

Keith Marchington

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54586
From: wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf)
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

In article <1993Apr23.151855.7011@starbase.trincoll.edu> () writes:
>In article <1r6p8oINN8hi@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
>Arras) wrote:
>>  
>> I have not made up my mind about Waco, but there sure seems to be a group of  
>> devoted government following fanatics willing to believe whatever that  
>> government wants to tell them, without any shred of doubt, nor thought of thier
>> own.  They sure get shrill whenever their belief structure is being shaken.
>> 
>> Kinda reminds you of the BDs, doesn't it?
>> 
>> Jim
>
>Go to hell. I'm no "government [-] following fanatic." Your sweeping
>generalizations evince your own ignorance. What were they supposed to do?
>Just let him be? Fuck him. Fuck the ATF, too. They should've done it right
>the first time.
>
>joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu


This is, apparently, what passes for intelligent discourse at Trinity.
Joe "FBI cultist" Kusmierczak gets angry when its pointed out that
the FBI has told him is a LIE, the mounting evidence is that 
they've lied about almost every detail of 4/19 except that they
were there. What can you expect of cultists like him, somebody
oughtta burn him out, and if he's trapped, well, good riddance!
Right Joe?

-- 
 +   Wayne J. Warf -- WWARF@ucs.indiana.edu -- I speak for myself only   +
 |*Clinton*Gore*CIA*FBI*DEA*Assassinate*Bomb*WoD*BoR*ATF*IRS*Resist*NSA* |
 |*Christian*God*Satan*Apocalypse*ZOG*Nazi*Socialist*Communist*Explosive*|
 +*fundamentalist*revolution*NSC*Federal Reserve*Constitution*gold*FEMA* +

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54587
From: pngai@adobe.com (Phil Ngai)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr23.140355.25353@icd.ab.com> kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead) writes:
>dusek@rtsg.mot.com (James P. Dusek) writes:
>>>	If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
>>>burning building?
>
>Could be a lot of reasons, James...  We won't know until the survivors are
>allowed to speak for themselves, rather than through an FBI spokesman.

Some of the survivors have been "interviewed" on TV as they were going
to or returning from court. They basically said, no way was there any
kind of suicide pact or attempt.

-- 
 Remember the Texas holocaust.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54588
From: irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <1r6klv$64f@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>In article <C5v9Fv.Krt@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>> In article <C5uHuo.Awq@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:
>> >In article <nate.1485.735408842@psygate.psych.indiana.edu> nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle) writes:
>> >>    Yeah, as information trickles in... funny how that works...
>> >
>> >Funny, yeah, funny how you didn't wait for the FBI spokesdroid 
>> >latest reversal of "facts" before proclaiming the BD's burned
>> >themselves to death.
>> 
>> If you won't believe anything the government says, and the press
>> is not reliable according to the same logic, then what do you base
>> your statements on?  Wild speculation laced with a healthy dose
>> of paranoia?
>
>Funny, Brent, but so far we have heard two versions of the "facts:"
>
>1) What the government says.  This includes what the government says that
>   two survivors have said.
>
>2) What Koresh's lawyer (who was actually inside the compound) says,
>   including what he says that most of the survivors have said.
>
>Strange, but they seem to disagree in most important particulars.
>
>If anyone has actually seen news reports of any of the survivors
>speaking first-hand, feel free ot pitch in.  I may have missed it.
>But my money is that their story will sound a hell of a lot like
>case 2, and not at all like case 1.

Since neither side would be particularly interested in telling the truth,
you have to weigh the 'facts' given by each yourself, and weigh it with
the newsreporting if you care.

Many cult members will probably side with the attorney, and if he
is lying, change their stories to match his.  And if the Feds also
lie, the cult members who become disillusioned will change their
stories to match the Feds.  

Neither sides are interested in the truth.  The Media is more interested,
but usually either don't have the time to get it straight or tie themselves
to the ratings and deliberately distort.  

For me, though, the black soot billowing outside the compound added with
how fast the fire spread ponted to *someone* dousing large parts of the
compound with some sort of gasoline or fire-starter.  I doubt the Feds
did that as they were more interested in arresting Vernon.  The real
unbalanced one (at least the one that lost his cool) was Vernon, so
I figured that he was more likely to do it (after all he was Jesus 
being persecuted by the authorities, and had followers to hold onto,
so made the decision.  He and his followers also probably felt that they
were rocketing to heaven by doing this stuff).  Thsi conclusion, I came
to after umpteen million hours of listening to NPR and other radio
shows (I always have the radio going when I am in my office on some
innocuous talk-show or news program as background noise).


-- 
<><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
<>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
<><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54589
From: kam@cv.hp.com (Keith Marchington)
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

 wrote:
: In article <1r6p8oINN8hi@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
: Arras) wrote:
: >  
: > I have not made up my mind about Waco, but there sure seems to be a group of  
: > devoted government following fanatics willing to believe whatever that  
: > government wants to tell them, without any shred of doubt, nor thought of thier
: > own.  They sure get shrill whenever their belief structure is being shaken.
: > 
: > Kinda reminds you of the BDs, doesn't it?
: > 
: > Jim

: Go to hell. I'm no "government [-] following fanatic." Your sweeping
: generalizations evince your own ignorance. What were they supposed to do?
: Just let him be? 

Yes.  Given the history of the BD's and the fact that they were just 
peacefully minding their own business, I think this would have been
the correct course of action in the very beginning.  Everything that
followed was a direct result of the major media fuck-up that the BATF
perpetrated just over 51 days ago.

:Fuck him. Fuck the ATF, too. They should've done it right
: the first time.

: joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Yep, no doubt about it.  They should have just bombed those kooks
right from the git-go.  Yeah, sure!  So much for any resemblence
to an America that abides by the Constitution.  So much for feeling
safe in your home.  So much for any of the rights enumerated in the
Bill of Rights being upheld.  Why bother?  They just get in the way
of an effective government.  That is, a government of the elite, by
the elite, for the elite.  

Joe, attitudes like yours frighten me.  You have very few facts about
what actually happened, and what information you do have came from a 
single source, the FBI/BATF.  Yet you are more than happy to pronounce
the BD's guilty-as-charged based on this one-sided testimony.  Scary!

--
Keith Marchington

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54590
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Re: Feds Caught in Another Lie


In article <1993Apr23.120935.21848@icd.ab.com>, kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead) writes:
>Well, after 2 days of hearing that 3 of the BD bodies had
>been shot in the head (Horrors!  Another Jonestown! Crazed
>Cultists!  Child Abusers!  WHACKOS in Waco!), last night the 
>medical examiner was on TV and was pretty vehement in denying
>that ANY of them had bullet wounds...  he seemed just a tad upset 
>at the Feds for having spread that rumor.  (Aw, gee, he shouldn't 
>be so hard on them;  they're just practicing the new principle 
>of "flexible reality" that their big boss has implemented.)
>
>Before long, I think all the kneejerk government apologists
>are going to start getting pretty pissed off at how easily
>they were misled.

Two notes of interest from Texas:

The Tarrant Couonty ME (who is doing the autopsies) is well known for rendering
judgements that are contrary to the police view.  He presented evidence a few
years ago that a man who police said was pointing a gun at them actually had
his hands in the air.  This does not bode well for the boys in black.

The Texas Dept. of Public Saftey and the Texas Rangers have no great love for
the ATF.  I have heard them referred to as "those fucking cowboys".  The DPS
was totally squeezed out of the BD operation and resented being left as
"traffic cops".  ATF now has two strikes against them.

Finally (I guess that makes three notes), rumour from Waco is that four ATF
agents were stopped by four Waco police cars and a DPS trooper after one of the
flashed "an automatic weapon" at a cop.  Lots of pissed of cops.  And you
wonder why there were so few cops really cheering on the ATF.
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54591
From: irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <dusek.735489223@shale> dusek@rtsg.mot.com (James P. Dusek) writes:
>ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig) writes:
>>or the cultists...) I think I'll quote the BBC quoting (actually voice
>>interview) one of the two British survivors. He claimed that the fire
>>started when the tanks caused an internal wooden wall/roof to collapse
>>knocking over kerosene lamps and that they had no suicide plan.
>
>	If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
>burning building?

In this case, it was unimportant as to who set the fire.  The Davidians
would have burned no matter what, ESPECIALLY if the BATF/FBI set the
fire as this would make the beseiged martyrs to Vernon Howell and
therefore rocket to heaven.  A few comments from the remaining
Davidians scattered throughout the country seemed to confirm this
theory (One cult member said that she wished that she had been there,
and that now she would have to wait for Vernon to Return for them.  She
actually seemed upset that she did not burn with them).

While I think that Vernon started the fire (his followers anyway), 
it is incidental to their reaction.

-- 
<><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
<>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
<><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54592
From: auerbach@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <scottj-230493091606@iamac-1.dml.georgetown.edu>, scottj@magic.dml.georgetown.edu (John L. Scott) writes:
> In article <dusek.735489223@shale>, dusek@rtsg.mot.com (James P. Dusek)
> wrote:
>> 	If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
>> burning building?
> 
> Okay, James, tell you what: I'll but you in a building with 90 other
> people.  I'll put you in a highly tense situation.  I'll subject you to
> sleep deprivation, remove your utilities, march tanks back in forth in
> front of you, play recordings of tortured rabbits at high volume, shine
> bright lights in your windows, threaten to attack you at any time, and cut
> you off from the outside world, all for weeks at a time.  Then, I'll begin
> to smash in the building you're in, destroying passages and stairs and
> spreading debris everywhere.  At the same time, I'll pump in massive
> quantities of nasty tear gas, for six hours.  

STOP IT!!!! ENOUGH!!! I'm out of there!  I mean, I'm a relatively sane person. 
God knows I'm weak and will forgive me.  But I'm not stupid enough to stay in
this place any longer.  I WANT OUT!!!

>You'll be holed up in a small
> area with 90 sweaty people on a hot day.  Then the building will fill with
> smoke and become a inferno.  90 people in a small room will try to leave
> with you.  And Jim, if you don't make it out, won't you agree that it must
> be because you wanted to die?
> 
> Besides, nine people *did* successfully flee the fire.

Yeah, and at least one person ran back in. SOunds like a personal choice to me.
Religious fanaticsm, and a beleive that dying in the 'defense' of your beliefs,
is probably at the core of what happened in Waco. We in the west tend to
disregard fanaticsm of the type displayed by many Moslem fundamentalist groups
who see nothing wrong with dying for their beliefs/convictions. I suspect that
this same type of fanaticsm was displayed by the BDs. BUt we'll probably never
know...

Karl

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54593
From: irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <4615@isgtec.isgtec.com> robert@isgtec.com (Robert Osborne) writes:
>Michael Frederick Rhein (mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU) wrote:
># In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
># >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
>#                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
># As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day  
># in Texas.
>
>Not that I agree with the original theory or anything, buuuuut:
>Since their utilities were turned off they might be using wood stoves
>to cook their meals.

But they also might have run out of fire-wood (maybe chopping up furnature?).

They also may not have been cooking, but eating MREs and other
delicacies stored for just such an occation...

Just a thought.

Brent "Yes I am well aware that their electricity was cut, thanks to the
HUNDREDS of E-mail messages and replies to my post" Irvine

-- 
<><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
<>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
<><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54596
From: lilak@peaks.enet.dec.com (Rod Lilak)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1


In article <93Apr22.234553edt.47633@neat.cs.toronto.edu>, quoctp@cs.toronto.edu (Quoc Tuan Pham) writes:
|>Xref: nntpd2.cxo.dec.com misc.legal:62088 talk.politics.guns:56997 alt.activism:43746
|>Path: nntpd2.cxo.dec.com!pa.dec.com!decwrl!ames!agate!howland.reston.ans.net!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!cs.utexas.edu!utnut!utcsri!relay.cs.toronto.edu!neat.cs.toronto.edu!cs.toronto.edu!quoctp
|>Newsgroups: misc.legal,talk.politics.guns,alt.activism
|>From: quoctp@cs.toronto.edu (Quoc Tuan Pham)
|>Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1
|>Message-ID: <93Apr22.234553edt.47633@neat.cs.toronto.edu>
|>Organization: Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto
|>References: <1993Apr21.021301.25113@r-node.hub.org>
|>Date: 23 Apr 93 03:46:24 GMT
|>Lines: 3
|>
|>Did anyone notice that Clinton was smiling and making jokes just before
|>this press conference? Considering the number of people killed, this 
|>seems very inappropriate to me.
|>

Or, did anyone notice that when Clinton referred to the Davidians as
'religious fanatics' that a round of spontaneous applause burst forth from
the reporters ? 

To me this was not only in poor taste, but it showed the media's bias and
hostility to anyone not of the politically correct stripe.  No wonder they
have been cheerleading for the kgBATF and the FBI during this whole affair.

			Rod
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"It [collectivism vs individualism] is an ancient conflict. Men have come
close to the truth, but it was destroyed each time and one civilization fell
after another. Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The
savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe.
Civilization is the process of setting man free from men."
    -- Ayn Rand : 'Roark's speech from the _Fountainhead_'
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I don't speak for my company. We hire the 'Politically Correct' to do that.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54597
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Re: Two Questions

In article <16BB910F7.PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU> PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU (David Veal) writes:
>In article <16BB8C820.SBANKA@VM.TEMPLE.EDU>
>SBANKA@VM.TEMPLE.EDU writes:
> 
>>I'd appreciate any help anyone could give me on these two questions:
>>
>>The Brady Bill was in the news throughout 1992 but what actually happened to
>>it in Congress?  Did Bush veto it?  If so, when?
> 
>       The Brady Bill passed the House in 1992, but failed to reach a
>vote in the Senate.  As such, it never reached Bush.  (Sarah Brady's
>condemnation not-withstanding).

I have a joint House-Senate conference committe report (i.e., crime bill)
for the 102rd Congress which contains a "Brady Bill -- 7 day waiting period"
within it.  I believe it just died and never came up for a vote in either
house.

>       It'll probably pass the House again, and will probably pass the
>Senate if they can get it to a vote.  Whether of not they'll be busy
>with other things will be the question.

They got four years of Clinton's support to pass it.
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54598
From: cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

On Tue, 20 Apr 1993 21:30:12 GMT, Pete Zakel (phz@cadence.com) wrote:
> In article <1993Apr16.010235.14225@mtu.edu> cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter) writes:
> >You didn't even get the capitalization correct!  Try reading USCA on
> >the Constitution, or get any other CORRECT version of the
> >Constitution. 

> This is REALLY STUPID nitpicking.  Capitalization rules in the late 18th
> century were quite different from today, and what was posted matches current
> capitalization rules.

pete zakel is right, we don't need to worry about capitalization
rules. after all, the punctuation gives all the necessary information
about the sentence structure. why should anyone worry about whether the
text is as close to the original as possible. (sarcasm intended). 

> In the original Constitution, "militia", "arms", etc. were capitalized simply
> because they were nouns.  This is also done currently in German.  There is
> no special significance to these words simply because they are capitalized.
> The capitalization denotes no special emphasis.

Then you didn't understand my grumble...  Again, I said to get a
CORRECT version of the Constitution.  The first indicator that
something is wrong (i.e. the copy has been modernized) is the modern
capitalization rules.  The next thing to go is the spelling, and then
I've even seen versions where the GRAMMAR was modernized (oh, but
don't worry, modernizing the grammar won't change the meaning of the
text, right?... ;-)  [p.s.  I have found about 10 *different* versions
of the Constitution on the network; And accuracy DOES matter...]

--
Charles Scripter   *   cescript@phy.mtu.edu
Dept of Physics, Michigan Tech, Houghton, MI 49931
-------------------------------------------------------------
"...when all government... in little as in great things, shall be
drawn to Washington as the centre of all power, it will render
powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will
become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we
separated."   Thomas Jefferson, 1821

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54599
From: jlacey@cbnewsl.cb.att.com (james.w.lacey)
Subject: Re: What to do if you shoot somebody

In article <93108.025818U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>I have heard many opinions on this subject and would like to hear more from
>the people on the net.
>
>Say you're in a situation where you have to pull a gun on somebody.  You
>give them a chance to get away but they decided to continue in their
>action anyway and you end up shooting and killing them.  My question is
>what do you do?  Should you stay and wait for the cops or should you
>collect your brass (if you're using a semi-auto) and get out of there
>(provided of course you don't think that you have been seen)?  What kind
>of laws are on the books regarding this type of situation?  What would
>be the most likely thing to happen to you if you stayed and waited and
>it was a first offense?  What would happen if you took off but someone
>saw you and you were caught?
>

In Massachusetts, you will likely be arrested for murder, but
if you convince the cops/DA that you used lethal force because
of threat of death or serious bodily harm, then the charges
would probably be dropped.  If you run away and are later caught,
then you will have a much harder time convincing cops/judge/jury
of your innocence.  Going "on the lam" is seen as an indication
of guilt by a lot of people.

-- 
     Jim Lacey  --  my own opinions    
     email:  att!cbnewsl!jlacey  or  jlacey@cbnewsl.cb.att.com
     D'ou venons-nous? Que sommes-nous? Ou allons-nous?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54600
From: chrisb@natinst.com (Chris Bartz)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r8vg9$rl5@bigboote.WPI.EDU> mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
>># >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
>
>for heating purposes because of the weather in Texas.  Everyone now claims 
>that it was for cooking.  Stop and think about this.

This whole thread is rediculous.  Who cares if they had a stove going
or not.  Does it matter if they had a stove burning, or lanterns
burning, or candles burning, or someone smoking, etc, etc, etc.  The
premise is that the FBI was filling the house with napalm so that it
would catch fire.  This is crazy.  FBI was NOT PUMPING NAPALM into the
Davidians home.  You will have to have pretty damn strong evidence to
convince me of that.

I can believe mass suicide/murder by Koresh.  I can believe an
accident by the Davidians.  I can believe an accident by the FBI.  I
can easily believe mass stupidity on all sides but I can not believe
that the FBI lit this fire intentionally.  No way.

-- 
-- chris bartz (chrisb@natinst.com)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54601
From: wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <C5y1LJ.7At@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>In article <C5vGME.GoA@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:
>>In article <C5v9Fv.Krt@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>>>In article <C5uHuo.Awq@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:
>>>>In article <nate.1485.735408842@psygate.psych.indiana.edu> nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle) writes:
>>>>>    Yeah, as information trickles in... funny how that works...
>>>>
>>>>Funny, yeah, funny how you didn't wait for the FBI spokesdroid 
>>>>latest reversal of "facts" before proclaiming the BD's burned
>>>>themselves to death.
>>>
>>>If you won't believe anything the government says, and the press
>>>is not reliable according to the same logic, then what do you base
>>>your statements on?  Wild speculation laced with a healthy dose
>>>of paranoia?

Then post what the press has said, not what you wished they said.
The Medical Examiner has refuted the FBI "facts" and if you don't
believe someone who has a LOT more reason to be impartial then 
what do you have to say for yourself.

>>Are you a moron or just illiterate? The "facts" that the FBI 
>
>Neither.  

I was willing to grant this for sake or argument until I read the
following.

>>proclaimed on Monday suddenly weren't "facts" anymore by 
>>the Tuesday press conference.
>
>You don't have to pay attention to any one source, neither do you
>have to abandon your critical thinking, but to disregard all sources
>of information as 'lies' and 'distortions' and substitute your own
>pet theories is more likely to get you wild untruths than by basing
>your theories on the 'facts' as they are reported by the media and
>the government.
>
The FACTS as reported by the press and impartial government
sources support ME.

>> There has beed NO evidence of
>>anyone setting the fire deliberately you simpleton so
>
>Actually there was evidence of the fire being set deliberately -
>both testamony by the survivors and IR tape showing the fire
>being set in 3 places AND the petrochemical soot that the fire 
>was giving off (indications of kerosine or gasoline feeding the
>fire).  

There is NO testimony, at the press conference, the FBI said they
had NO testimony, the SURVIVORS as reported by CNN and Newsday
wire service said that ALL the survivors gave consistent stories
refuting the FBI. They were lighting and heating with kerosine.
Are you trying to PROVE you're an idiot.

>You might not believe 1 or 2 if you are totally paranoid or very
>skeptical, but my 3rd point is visible to anyone who watches the
>tapes of the fire and has started a BBQ grill.
>


>>what are YOU basing your statements on? Oh, I forgot, you're
>>the guy that doesn't know microwave oven need electricity,
>>never mind.
>
>Ho ho ho.  I listen to NPR, watch CNN, NBC.  I also read the
>papers.   Where do you get YOURS?

Then open your eyes and ears, at least 3 of those 4 sources have
reported your full of shit.

>-- 
><><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
><>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
><><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>


-- 
 +   Wayne J. Warf -- WWARF@ucs.indiana.edu -- I speak for myself only   +
 |*Clinton*Gore*CIA*FBI*DEA*Assassinate*Bomb*WoD*BoR*ATF*IRS*Resist*NSA* |
 |*Christian*God*Satan*Apocalypse*ZOG*Nazi*Socialist*Communist*Explosive*|
 +*fundamentalist*revolution*NSC*Federal Reserve*Constitution*gold*FEMA* +

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54602
From: rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

The Branch Davidians were not violent and were not planning to start
violence.
 
When the BD compound was assaulted by the ATF the BD did fire back.
But they agreed to a cease fire and they allowed the ATF to care for
their wounded.  The BD even released the ATF agents they captured.  It
is clear from the release of the agents and allowing the ATF medical
attention that the BD were not looking for trouble.
 
If the BD were violent they would have held the ATF agents as
hostages.  They would not have released them like they did.  If they
had kept the agents hostage they could have used them as bargening
chips for medical attention etc.
 
A big thing is being made of the BD collection of weapons but no one
has shown that they had any plans to use them.  It is also apparent
that the BD did not have any military training.  If they had, they
could have dug bunkers and trenches and increased their
fortifications.  They could have shot out the lights and speakers.  It
appears that the BD were not violent, they shot back at the attacking
ATF agents out of panic.  There were shots fired on the last day but
they were in response to the FBI attack on the compound with armor.
 
All the violence in Waco was initiated by the federal agents, not the
BD.
 
 

--
Rod Anderson  N0NZO            | The only acceptable substitute
Boulder, CO                    | for brains is silence.
rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu         |       -Solomon Short-
satellite  N0NZO on ao-16      |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54603
From: rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy)
Subject: Waco fire

Flash over is a frequent occurrence with indoor fires.  A fire will
start small and in one location and heat the air.  The temperature in
the room builds up and then everything inflammable in the room catches
fire at once.
 
This may have occurred in the BD compound, I have heard reports that
the windows were covered which would permit a fire to start unnoticed
by those outside the compound.  When the fire got big enough, and
broke through the walls, it appeared to be started in two places but
was really one big fire.
 
Because of the large quantities of tear gas inserted into the building
it is possible that many of the women and children were in a room free
of tear gas they would try to seal the door to keep out the tear gas.
When they learned that a fire had broken out it was too late for them
to escape.  They were trapped by the flames in their safe room.
 
I find it hard to believe that the FBI was not recording the final
assault.  I think that they would have wanted to have tapes to show
their agents of the the FBI overcoming the "forces of evil", aka
the Branch Davidians.  The tapes would also allow the FBI to prove
that they were not using excessive force.
 

--
Rod Anderson  N0NZO            | The only acceptable substitute
Boulder, CO                    | for brains is silence.
rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu         |       -Solomon Short-
satellite  N0NZO on ao-16      |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54604
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <C5y36B.8MG@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>
>For me, though, the black soot billowing outside the compound added with
>how fast the fire spread ponted to *someone* dousing large parts of the
>compound with some sort of gasoline or fire-starter.

Just from experience, seeing a couple of houses burn down, one doesn't
need any accelerant to get a lot of black soot.  There's plenty of
stuff in a house that will burn 'dirty'.  Even the asphalt shingles
would make a really sooty smoke.

Al
[standard disclaimer]


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54605
From: draughn@iitmax.iit.edu (Mark Draughn)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <94380@hydra.gatech.EDU> gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU
(COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH) writes:
[...]
>Btw, if I screwed up bad enough to get someone hurt/killed, my CO, the
>PMS, probably the Brigade Commander, and possibly the Region Commander
>could all expect a good amount of heat, possibly including
>reassignment or seperationfrom service.  Certainly the PMS would not
>be promotable, and would shortly thereafter be asked to retire.  This
>is called accountability.  If my PMS knew beforehand about the
>activities in which a person was killed, he would be nailed for
>failing to ensure that proper safety measures were taken.  If he
>didn't know , he would be nailed for improper supervision.  Can we
>hold the President of the US to lower standards than his subordinates?
>After all, he was briefed on the FBI raid.  He could have asked HOW
>they intended to flush the BD's out...

The President is not competent to plan or judge the planning of such a
raid, nor does he need to be.  His job is to set basic policies and
manage the people under him.  If Clinton instructed Reno to preserve
lives, and if she confirmed that the plan for the raid was a safe as
could be, then he did his job.  The President should not involve
himself in the minor details of these kinds of operations.  This sort
of micromanagement only leads to disaster, as was demonstrated so well
in Vietnam.

But the raid went bad:  Over 80 civilians have been killed in a
controntation with U.S. authorities.

NOW Clinton enters the picture in a big way.  Will Clinton start an
investigation?  Or will he try to squash any attempt to investigate?
Is he a responsible leader?  Or is he only interested in protecting
the image of his administration?

We'll all find out as this unfolds.
-- 

Mark Draughn    | <draughn@iitmax.iit.edu> or <SYSMARK@IITVAX> on BITNET
----------------+ Academic Computing, Illinois Institute of Technology
+1 312 567 5962 | 10 W. 31st Street, Chicago, Illinois  60616

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54606
From: garry@alice.att.com (garry hodgson)
Subject: Re: Effectiveness .44 calibre

jtchew@csa3.lbl.gov (Ad absurdum per aspera) writes:
   From psc@sei.cmu.edu (Peter Capell) on rec.martial-arts...
   >I'm sure such weapons have been developed.  Our society does not,
   >however, condone their possession or use.  

Actually, Joe, I wrote the above.  Peter was responding to my article.

I'm actually rather confused by your post.  I suppose I didn't
make myself clear, cause you seem to have gotten exactly the
opposite impression from what I intended.  I suppose "the authorities"
might have been a better term than "society".  Carry and use a firearm
in many parts of the country (certainly the parts I live in), and expect,
at the very least, to have an awful lot of explaining to do.
And there is also appears to be  a trend in society at large that
actively opposes what many see as their right to defend themselves.

   In a few other parts of our society, handguns are banned or
   so restricted as to be practically unavailable to the law-
   abiding citizen for self-defense outside the home.  Funny, 
   though, how the criminals in such places continue to have a 
   lush supply of guns and no compunctions about using them.  
   IMHO, you don't need to be either a political philosopher or 
   a crime victim to realize that there's a flaw in the gun-
   grabbers' logic.  

Agreed.

   You're welcome to your HO, too, the First Amendment being as 
   important as the Second, but please don't let your obvious 
   good intentions be subverted by insupportable generalities 
   about something as big and diverse as US society.

My only intention was to comment that the existence of suitable
weapons of self defense doesn't mean you'll escape a whole shitload
of trouble should you be forced to use them.

   Or by the
   naive hope that making gun possession a crime will give pause 
   to someone who would be a criminal anyway.

I made no such statements, nor do I have such a naive hope or outlook.  
   
   Wishing you peace and the wherewithal to defend yourself
   if others' thoughts are not that kindly,

That's all I want: the opportunity to leave in peace, or to 
have the means to defend myself when that in not possible.

I *think* we agree on this issue.  I guess my position didn't
survive the transition from cognition to ASCII.

-- 
Garry Hodgson			A slow winter day
AT&T Bell Labs			A night like forever
garry@alice.att.com		Sink like a stone
att!alice!garry			Float like a feather

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54607
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

Karl Auerbach writes:

>>> Besides, nine people *did* successfully flee the fire.

>Yeah, and at least one person ran back in. SOunds like a personal choice to me.
>Religious fanaticsm, and a beleive that dying in the 'defense' of your beliefs,
>is probably at the core of what happened in Waco.

	Religious fanaticism?

	People try to get back in all the time when their homes are afire.  
	Firefighters often have to restrain them.  They want to rush back in in an
	effort to save things-- old photos, keepsakes, stamp collections,
	cash, books, jewelery, pets, their wives and husbands, their babies...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54608
From: gs26@prism.gatech.EDU (Glenn R. Stone)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In <C5sv4r.HFA@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:

[and quotes a lot of stuff unnecessarily]
>In article <93869@hydra.gatech.EDU> glenns@eas.gatech.edu writes:
>>
>> [worth posting again ;-]
>>Hey, gang, it's not about duck hunting, or about dark alleys,
>>it's about black-clad, helmeted and booted troops storming
>>houses and violating civil rights under color of law. 
>>
>>Are YOU ready to defend YOUR Constitution?

>Its also about crazy fatigue clad survivalist types blasting the 
>snot out of people who accidentally stray onto his land in the
>name of 'self defense.'

>Don't get too self-righteous, Mr. gun-toter.

Ain't got a pair of fatigues... and I don't blast people wandering aimlessly,
I ask them what they're doing there... I only blast people who display
obvious violent intent... like black-clad men with weapons climbing thru
second-story windows, or people who break down the door instead of knocking.
Or people who knock my house down with tanks and set it afire.  Sound 
familiar yet?

Riddle me this: Why the hell are the CONVICTED CRIMINALS in Ohio getting
the kid glove treatment, and the BD's are burned alive without a trial?
Put aside who started the blaze, I still think any decent shyster can 
make a case for cruel and unusual punishment, playing the sounds of
tortured rabbits over the loudspeakers (where's the SPCA in all this?)...

Oh, and that's Mister gun-toter SIR to you, bucko.  Just because you choose
to abandon your rights, leave mine the hell alone, thankyouverymuch.

Glenn R. Stone (glenns@eas.gatech.edu)
Impeach Clinton, Reno -- the case is prima facie.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54609
From: seelowe@well.sf.ca.us (Hudson H Luce)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??


 I suggest another name change:

   Thomas Parsli .... to .... Vidkun Quisling

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54610
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks


In article <1993Apr23.151855.7011@starbase.trincoll.edu>,  () writes:
>In article <1r6p8oINN8hi@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
>Arras) wrote:
>>  
>> I have not made up my mind about Waco, but there sure seems to be a group of  
>> devoted government following fanatics willing to believe whatever that  
>> government wants to tell them, without any shred of doubt, nor thought of thier
>> own.  They sure get shrill whenever their belief structure is being shaken.
>> 
>> Kinda reminds you of the BDs, doesn't it?
>> 
>> Jim
>
>Go to hell. I'm no "government [-] following fanatic." Your sweeping
>generalizations evince your own ignorance. What were they supposed to do?
>Just let him be? Fuck him. Fuck the ATF, too. They should've done it right
>the first time.

What is "doing it right the first time"?  Murdered them all?  Used tanks? 
Maybe they should have had enough evidence to indict.  From the list presented
to date, I haven't seen ANYTHING illegal.  They claim that the BD's bought
components to convert their weapons to Class III devices, but no evidence that
they had done so.  In fact, with a Class III FFL living with them, this may
have been legal (given recent court rulings).

What you really meant to say was that the ATF should have done the right and
lwaful thing.  Or did you just want the BD's dead?
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54611
From: meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers)
Subject: Re: Clipper Chip

In article <1993Apr20.183938.8024@news.columbia.edu> pes3@cunixf.cc.columbia.edu (Paul Eric Stoufflet) writes:
>I thought that the Clipper Chip that was posted to t.p.g (sorry, I lost
>the original post) was a joke.  I really did.  I didn't believe it for
>a second.  But on the way to work this morning, I heard about it on NPR.


No joke.  Here's another copy for you to save.  NPR, hmmm?  Did they
mention the part about "The fact of law enforcement access to the
escrowed keys will not be concealed from the American public." ...?
------------------------------------------------------------------------
>Newsgroups: talk.politics.guns
>Path: dg-rtp!psinntp!uunet!news.claremont.edu!elroy.jpl.nasa.gov!sdd.hp.com!decwrl!pa.dec.com!uiboise.idbsu.edu!blh
>From: blh@uiboise.idbsu.edu (Broward L. Horne)
>Message-ID: <9304191630.AA03993@inet-gw-2.pa.dec.com>
>Subject: Heil, Clinton
>Date: Sun, 18 Apr 93 11:50:13 MDT
>X-Received: by usenet.pa.dec.com; id AA21120; Mon, 19 Apr 93 09:30:51 -0700
>X-Received: by inet-gw-2.pa.dec.com; id AA03993; Mon, 19 Apr 93 09:30:17 -0700
>X-Received: by uiboise.idbsu.edu
>	(16.6/16.2) id AA01185; Sun, 18 Apr 93 11:50:14 -0600
>X-To: talk.politics.guns.usenet
>X-Mailer: Elm [revision: 66.25]
>Lines: 112
>
>
>    Although the subject matter of this re-posting is not directly 
>    related to talk.politics.guns, I believe that the information 
>    here will be of interest to a large number of readers.
>
>    Especially considering our latest BATF escapade.
>
>> From: clipper@csrc.ncsl.nist.gov (Clipper Chip Announcement)
>> Subject: White House Public Encryption Management Fact Sheet
>> Message-ID: <C5LGAz.250@dove.nist.gov>
>> Sender: news@dove.nist.gov
>> Organization: National Institute of Standards & Technology
>> Distribution: na
>> Date: Fri, 16 Apr 1993 20:44:58 GMT
>> Lines: 94
>> 
>> 
>> 
>> Note:     The following was released by the White House today in
>>           conjunction with the announcement of the Clipper Chip
>>           encryption technology.
>> 
>>                            FACT SHEET
>> 
>>                   PUBLIC ENCRYPTION MANAGEMENT
>> 
>> The President has approved a directive on "Public Encryption
>> Management."  The directive provides for the following:
>> 
>> Advanced telecommunications and commercially available encryption
>> are part of a wave of new computer and communications technology.
>> Encryption products scramble information to protect the privacy of
>> communications and data by preventing unauthorized access.
>> Advanced telecommunications systems use digital technology to
>> rapidly and precisely handle a high volume of communications.
>> These advanced telecommunications systems are integral to the
>> infrastructure needed to ensure economic competitiveness in the
>> information age.
>> 
>> Despite its benefits, new communications technology can also
>> frustrate lawful government electronic surveillance.  Sophisticated
>> encryption can have this effect in the United States.  When
>> exported abroad, it can be used to thwart foreign intelligence
>> activities critical to our national interests.  In the past, it has
>> been possible to preserve a government capability to conduct
>> electronic surveillance in furtherance of legitimate law
>> enforcement and national security interests, while at the same time
>> protecting the privacy and civil liberties of all citizens.  As
>> encryption technology improves, doing so will require new,
>> innovative approaches.
>> 
>> In the area of communications encryption, the U. S. Government has
>> developed a microcircuit that not only provides privacy through
>> encryption that is substantially more robust than the current
>> government standard, but also permits escrowing of the keys needed
>> to unlock the encryption.  The system for the escrowing of keys
>> will allow the government to gain access to encrypted information
>> only with appropriate legal authorization.
>> 
>> To assist law enforcement and other government agencies to collect
>> and decrypt, under legal authority, electronically transmitted
>> information, I hereby direct the following action to be taken:
>> 
>> INSTALLATION OF GOVERNMENT-DEVELOPED MICROCIRCUITS
>> 
>> The Attorney General of the United States, or her representative,
>> shall request manufacturers of communications hardware which
>> incorporates encryption to install the U.S. government-developed
>> key-escrow microcircuits in their products.  The fact of law
>> enforcement access to the escrowed keys will not be concealed from
>> the American public.  All appropriate steps shall be taken to
>> ensure that any existing or future versions of the key-escrow
>> microcircuit are made widely available to U.S. communications
>> hardware manufacturers, consistent with the need to ensure the
>> security of the key-escrow system.  In making this decision, I do
>> not intend to prevent the private sector from developing, or the
>> government from approving, other microcircuits or algorithms that
>> are equally effective in assuring both privacy and a secure key-
>> escrow system.
>> 
>> KEY-ESCROW
>> 
>> The Attorney General shall make all arrangements with appropriate
>> entities to hold the keys for the key-escrow microcircuits
>> installed in communications equipment.  In each case, the key
>> holder must agree to strict security procedures to prevent
>> unauthorized release of the keys.  The keys shall be released only
>> to government agencies that have established their authority to
>> acquire the content of those communications that have been
>> encrypted by devices containing the microcircuits.  The Attorney
>> General shall review for legal sufficiency the procedures by which
>> an agency establishes its authority to acquire the content of such
>> communications.
>> 
>> PROCUREMENT AND USE OF ENCRYPTION DEVICES
>> 
>> The Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with other appropriate
>> U.S. agencies, shall initiate a process to write standards to
>> facilitate the procurement and use of encryption devices fitted
>> with key-escrow microcircuits in federal communications systems
>> that process sensitive but unclassified information.  I expect this
>> process to proceed on a schedule that will permit promulgation of
>> a final standard within six months of this directive.
>> 
>> The Attorney General will procure and utilize encryption devices to
>> the extent needed to preserve the government's ability to conduct
>> lawful electronic surveillance and to fulfill the need for secure
>> law enforcement communications.  Further, the Attorney General
>> shall utilize funds from the Department of Justice Asset Forfeiture
>> Super Surplus Fund to effect this purchase.
>> 
>
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54612
From: mst4298@rigel.tamu.edu (Mitchell S Todd)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <93112.153005MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU>, <MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU> writes...
>From A.P. :  According to numerous accounts by those in the compound,
>the fire was started by an armoured vehicle crushing a large propane
>tank, and turning over numerous gas lanterns.

	If there was a large propane tank, and it was breached, don't 
	you think that there would be an identifiable explosion?
	Further, the BD members have as much reason to lie as the 
	Gov't.


>Medical Examiners have found no bullet wounds, as was stated by the
>FBI, on the corpses.

	They'd only autopsied one body when this information was released.
	I wouldn't doubt though


>I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem willing to accept
>the governments story, despite much evidence to the contrary.

	The only evidence that exists right now (at least what we know
	about) is various claims and counter claims. I'm waiting until
	the hard evidence is released. What about you?

                  _____  _____
                  \\\\\\/ ___/___________________
  Mitchell S Todd  \\\\/ /                 _____/__________________________
________________    \\/ / mst4298@zeus._____/.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'_'_'_/
\_____        \__    / / tamu.edu  _____/.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'_'_/
    \__________\__  / /        _____/_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_/
                \_ / /__________/
                 \/____/\\\\\\
 			 \\\\\\
			  ------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54613
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff


In article <C5w0C9.2D0@intellection.com> emcguire@intellection.com (Ed McGuire) writes:
>In <1993Apr21.182458.12735@aio.jsc.nasa.gov> news&aio.jsc.nasa.gov (USENET) News (brenda kenworthy) writes:
>
>>And another thing that puzzles
>>me--why are they finding dead bodies inside who had bullet holes already in 
>>them???  Don't you think it's possible that Koresh shot the TRAITORS rather 
>>than letting them out???
>
>Possible.  I wouldn't put it past him.  It is also possible that they
>were hit by rounds exploding in the extreme heat.  Remember that kept
>the cops away for hours.  I have only heard that bodies were found
>shot, not any coroner's cause of death.

So far, the medical examiner (according to the news) has found NO EVIDENCE
of gunshot wounds in bodies so far examined.  If this continues to be
the case, it will sort of shoot holes (pun intended) in the FBI story,
wouldn't it?  And cartridges going off outside a firearm do not launch
a bullet like they do when fired from a gun.  The bullet hardly moves,
it is the brass casing that goes flying, and then with less than lethal
force.  It will hurt, yes, but not KILL you - I doubt if it wil penetrate
a coat, for example.

How about an INDEPENDENT investigation, with full subpoena powers, and
powers to prosecute on felony charges, to investigate for any possible
illegal/criminal activity on the part of both the BATF and FBI?  I
cannot see any reason why not - to use the phrase they like to use
so often, "if they have nothing to hide..." they should welcome it,
and vigorously support it.  Note that an internal investigation by the
Dept of Justice is NOT an independent investigation...

-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54614
From: pagan@DPW.COM (Kathleen M. Pagan)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu> green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green) writes:
>
>1) Could it have been possible to have taken Koresh outside the compound at
>some time before the Feb. 28th raid?
>
Yes, the local sheriff stated that anytime he wanted to talk to Koresh, all
he had to do was call him and Koresh would come down.


>
>
>One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
>"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
>had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.

Full agree with you here.  I think its ridiculous that he did not even talk
to Janet Reno until sometime Tuesday, however, he did talk with Wendell
Hubbel(?).  So who really is the Attorney General????


Hopefully the investigation will answer some of these bizarre questions.

Katie

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54615
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r8vg9$rl5@bigboote.WPI.EDU>, mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:

> To Rob and all others that have been debating about the wood stove.
>    The original post claimed that the ATF/FBI was pumping napalm into the 
> building with the hopes that the wood stove inside would ignite it.  I responed
> with why would the wood stove be lit in the first place?  It wouldn't be lit 
> for heating purposes because of the weather in Texas. 

Which statement is dead wrong, because our local posters have confirmed that 
it was quite chilly that morning.

> Everyone now claims that it was for cooking.

No, we argue that it was not entirely unreasonable for a woodstove to be 
operational.

> Stop and think about this.  CS gas was being pumped
> into the building and I presume that everyone was wearing gas masks (either
> bought or some type of makeshift type) and this had been going on for 6 hours.
> I don't know if you have ever been around CS, but I have.  Being exposed to CS
> gas was part of my Army training, so I know that without a mask it VERY 
> uncomfortable and makes your eyes water, nose run, and makes you sick in 
> the stomach.  And with the mask it is very difficult to drink water much less 
> eat.  So my question now is "why were they cooking food?"

Obviously you missed my earlier posting about the physica of woodstoves.
In brief, you can't turn your woodstove on and off like your gas range.
It stays on all the time.  It even stays "on" for over 24 hours AFTER you
shut it off (which is why most working woodstoves aren't ever "shut off"
until spring).
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54616
From: rjl+@pitt.edu (Richard J. Loether)
Subject: Re: Arlen Specter's address?

In article <1993Apr23.002908.24394@nntpd.lkg.dec.com> williams@bagels.enet.dec.com (Bryan H. Williams) writes:
>
>In article <16BB89C7D.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu>, R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu writes...
>>In article <1993Apr22.142540.20687@icd.ab.com>
>>kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead) writes:
<< 
<<<
<<<Anybody got Arlen Spectre's address?  I want to write to him and thank him
<<<for showing the leadership to demand a Congressional investigation
<<<into the Waco mess.
<< 
<<If I had Arlen's address, I would go to his house (Do weasels live
<<in houses or in holes?) and personally tell him what a pathetic idiot
<<he is.  Arlen is the personification of the word "jerk". [snip...]
<< 
<I'm no fan of Arlen Spectre's, but he did the right thing, and attacking his
<motives in this case is wrong. 

Pardon me, here, but I don't trust Spectre's motives here at all.  Spectre
was a major part of the Warren Commission, (remember the magic bullet theory?)
and is NOT to be trusted if there's even the tiniest chance the guv'mint may
have done something wrong.  If he gets a chance I'm afraid he will satisfy
the public outcry with another whitewash.

<Unfortunately, if some of us get our wish and the BATF is disbanded or folded
<into the FBI,  etc., we may end up with a "more efficient" agency than the
<bumbling and competition we have today. Some agents should be fired. Some
<should be prosecuted. But keep them as bumbling as possible -- we retain more
<of our liberties that way.
<
Right on the money here.  We should certainly applaud the disbanding of the 
BARTF but we must stress the personal responsibility of the goons who set
up the assault on American citizens.  

We must NOT count on Spectre, though, to get it done.

RJL


-- 
Rich Loether          Snail mail: University of Pittsburgh     The Ideas:
EMail: rjl+@pitt.edu              Computing and Info Services      Mine,
Voice: (412) 624-6429             600 Epsilon Drive                   all
FAX  : (412) 624-6426             Pittsburgh, PA 15238                  Mine.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54617
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Nature of the Waco gas

In article <1993Apr23.130234.23728@icd.ab.com>, kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead) writes:
> Saw a REAL interesting report on CNN last night;  it seems the gas that
> was used has been banned by international law for military use.  However,
> our president was quick to point out that "there are exemptions for law
> enforcement".  Hmmm...  too inhumane to use in war against the enemy,
> but OK for civilians

Whoa.  Think twice, now, unless you want the same standards applied to
hollowpoints...
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54618
From: jbs@rti.rti.org
Subject: Re: Gun Buy Back

In article <16BB8B194.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu> R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu writes:
>In article <1993Apr22.134330.9761@rti.rti.org>
>jbs@rti.rti.org writes:
> 
>>
>>In article <16BB7BA6A.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu> R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu writes:
>>>...Gun buyback programs will hopefully
>>>have an impact on accidental shootings (especially youths), domestic
>>>disputes where a gun is available in the heat of emotion and anger, and
>>>maybe keep a few guns from being stolen and later used in street-level
>>>crime.
>>
>>What gives you the idea that gun "buyback" programs will have an impact on
>>any of these things?  Evidence, please?
>>
>> Please don't misinterret  what I was saying Joe.  I was making the point tha
>there is NO evidence of effect of gun buyback programs but hopefully if
>there is any effect it may prevent injuries or deaths in one of these types
>of common incidents.

Saying "hopefully the effect of policy X will be Y" is *much* different
from saying "hopefully if there is any effect of policy X it will be Y."
Here you've made both statements.
If the former describes a reasonably-likely outcome of policy X, then
perhaps policy X is worthy of consideration - but the latter statement
is not something to base policy decisions on!

> Firearms are the fifth-leading cause of unintentional deaths among children
>ages 14 and under.

According to groups like the Center to Prevent Handgun Violence (formerly
the National Coalition to Ban Handguns - interesting name change, don't you
think?) who include murder and suicide by firearms in the "leading causes of
unintentional death) figures but *don't* include murder and suicide by other
means as causes of unintentional death.  Can't you see past the bullshit?

>  I don't understand how the ratio to other accidental
>deaths is important.  So guns don't kill as many children as car accidents.
>What is the difference in severity between 1,000 deaths and 10,000 deaths?
>I am not trying to use accidental gun-related deaths among children as a
>justification for gun control.  Who needs to be convinced that accidental
>gun deaths of children is a serious problem?  I assumed that any humane
>person would be concerned when any 10 year old got hold of their parents
>gun from their bedroom drawer and accidently blew away one of their friends.

Certainly accidental deaths by any cause are serious things - but the
anti-gun groups insist over and over again that accidental death by
firearms is a *stastically serious problem*, and even if you don't use
these deaths as a justification for gun control, these groups do.  I'm
sorry if I jumped to conclusions about your reason for mentioning
accidental deaths due to firearms being something that warranted concern,
but in light of your statement that you are a staunch supporter of gun
control measures, I think the conclusion was a reasonable one.
The fact remains that tragic though individual accidental gun deaths may
be, they are *not* a serious problem statistically speaking.

>>Please explain why you think "symbolic offerings" do good.
>>
> My point was, gun buyback programs which are almost always run by police
>departments MIGHT (I stress might) do a LITTLE (I stress little) good by
>giving people the impression that the police are attempting to respond
>to interpersonal gun violence in a unique way.  Overall, I thought that I
>had made it clear that I did not think that gun buyback programs were
>useful.

Sorry if it wasn't clear to me.  I thought you were waffling on your view
of buyback programs with the talk of symbolic offerings and hopefully
preventing accidents and heat-of-passion shootings.  I have to disagree on
all these counts; I can't understand how a buying guns from people who
aren't intending to misuse them (obviously those who want to use guns to
commit crimes aren't going to turn them in) could be construed as a
positive way for police to respond to "interpersonal violence."

>>I suggest you go back and look at wherever you saw these "statistics" - I
>>suspect you'll find if you look carefully that 135,000 is the number of
>>students *estimated* to have carried *a weapon* (not necessarily a gun)
>>to school at least once in the past year, and not the number of students
>>who carry a gun to school daily.
>>
> Well Joe, I suggest that you talk to the Center to Prevent Handgun Violence

What, the people who publish figures saying that as many children commit
suicide by HANDGUNS ALONE each year as the FBI says commit suicide by ALL
METHODS per year?  Who do you think I should believe?  The people who call
everyone up to age 24 "children" when they're screaming about the "carnage
of our nation's children" being caused by handguns?

>or the Centers for Disease Control.

Ah, yes, the agency that considers accidental shootings of children to be
such a statistical problem that a stated objective in the Healthy People
2000 document is to "enact laws in 50 states requiring manufacturers of
handguns to make the handguns more difficult to fire, minimizing the
likelihood of accidental or intentional dscharge by children?"  The
agency that funded the "study" of DC which pronounced that the DC gun ban
had saved X lives (yes, they actually gave us a number) on the basis of
a look at the *number* of shootings rather than the *rate* of shootings?
It wasn't their fault that the population of DC dropped in their "post law"
period...


>  If YOU look carefully you will see
>that YOU greatly underestimate the presence of guns in the lives of youths.
>The CPHV reports that 135,000 youth bring GUNS to school DAILY and that
>400,000 bring GUNS to school at least once a year.  The CDC estimates
>that 1 out 0f 25 high school students carried a gun to school at least once
>in 1990.

Okay, I'll concede I no longer have the numbers I once read on these.  I'll
retract my dispute of your numbers.  However, I would be greatly interested
in seeing how CPHV and CDC came up with these numbers.

>  The CDC also says that 1.2 million elementary-aged, latch-key
>children (kids who come home from school to an empty house), have access
>to guns in their home.

What's this got to do with anything?  Hell, when *I* was in elementary
school I came home to an empty house with guns in it.  Why is this a
problem?  I didn't touch the guns - I had been taught not to.  I had also
been taught not to mess with the gasoline in the garage, the fuse box, the
car, the knives, the oven, and the tools.  The problem is not the guns,
it's the parents!!!

>  California schools reported a 200% increase in
>student gun confiscations between 1986 and 1990, and a 40% increase between
>1988 and 1990.  Florida reported a 61% percent increase in gun incidents in
>schools between 1986/87 amd 1987/88.  These are the "statistics".

And what are these states doing with the kids they find with guns?
NOTHING.  No criminal prosecution, no expulsion, in most cases not even
suspension.  They take the gun, slap the kids on the wrist, say "ain't it
awful," and go on as if everything's back to normal.  What's wrong with
this picture?

> Okay, maybe I worded it wrong...DAD.  I meant that to put children in a
>situation (fortified compound) where harm could come to them is not the
>act of a Messiah in my opinion.  I'm not saying that Koresh had control over
>these children directly, but I would hope that whatever Messiah there is
>would not let innocent children die.

I don't think Koresh was the Messiah, either... but isn't it obvious that
if he believed the forces of evil were come to destroy him, then he
believed the children were much safer inside the compound?  I didn't say
he was sane... just that he behaved in a pretty rational manner given what
he thought was going on.  He thought he had them in the one place where
harm *wouldn't* come to them.

>If as he claimed he was the Messiah and people followed him as such, why
>did he not tell their parents to free the children instead of letting them
>burn alive?

Let's see *you* try to find the exits, unbarricade them, and flee a fire
when you've been kept awake for most of 50 days by loudspeakers and subjected
to six hours of tanks knocking in your walls and tear gas assault.

  -joe

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54619
From: azoun@cormyr.att.com (Joe Preiser)
Subject: Re: Gun Control, who needs it?

In article <1r7693$64f@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:

[stuff deleted]

>3) The "teflon bullet" bill proposed by NRA included MUCH more than
                                         ^^^
				I think you mean HCI here.

>   "teflon bullets" -- it would have banned damn near ALL COMMON HUNTING
>   AMMUNITION.
>

>4) We finally did get a bill that outlawed the sale of "teflon bullets" --
>   and ONLY "teflon bullets" -- outside the law enforcement community.
>   Guess who wrote it, Joe m'boy?  It was your beloved NRA.
>

[snip]

>Followups to t.p.g.
>-- 
>
>cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
>OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...
>

				Joe
-- 
 Joe Preiser					AT&T Bell Laboratories
 azoun@cormyr.att.com				Room IH 6G-329	
 cormyr!azoun					2000 N. Naperville Rd.
 (708) 979-4152					Naperville, IL 60566

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54620
From: random@cbnewse.cb.att.com (David L. Pope)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

From article <1993Apr23.153005.8237@starbase.trincoll.edu>, by  ():

> 
> I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
> and M-16's/AR-15's and banging/marrying thirteen yuear (sic) olds. 

So out of the numerous baptists that you hang around with you haven't
seen any of the above behavior? Which trait (stocking food for more
than a week, or owning a firearm) is the definition of a cult? What
proof ( aside from David's aquittal ) leads you to believe that any
"banging/marrying" of thirteen year olds was going on? Does your
wife know that you equate 'marriage' with 'banging'?

> You're a sorry
> son of a bitch if you can't draw a distinction between these two things.

Since this guy doesn't like the concept of freedom of religion, he's
going to insult you AND your mom!

> People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend
> sociopaths who aren't deserved of it. Get a life and chill on the
> paranoia.

Sociopath - person with asocial or antisocial beahavior.
Sociopaths - 200 persons, all who can't stand other people, sharing
             the same ranch-house.

> joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu
                                ^^^---It all suddenly becomes clear.

Why does everyone discover the Net in the spring?

	Random
	

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54621
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

In article <1993Apr23.151855.7011@starbase.trincoll.edu>, () writes:

> Go to hell. I'm no "government [-] following fanatic." Your sweeping
> generalizations evince your own ignorance. What were they supposed to do?
> Just let him be?

You're sitting in your home reading a good book.  Your neighbors think
you're a quiet, upstanding citizen.  A random person anonymously calls 
the authorities and tells them you beat your children, sleep with all 
the neighbor wimmen, and own a bunch of "nasty 50mm machine guns."  

Now what are they supposed to do?  

> Fuck him. Fuck the ATF, too. They should've done it right
> the first time.

Ah, I see.  They're supposed to send 100 men in horse trailers with
automatic weapons, storm onto your roof, and throw grenades at your 
house with no warning.  Then, after subjecting you to noise torture
and telling the national news media for a month what a filthy son of 
a bitch you are, they're supposed to gas you and knock your house 
around a bit until they manage to collapse it, cause a fire, or 
something equally conclusive.

Hope your neighbors don't tumble to this -- at least none of them that
might have a craving for a ringside seat at some cheap but dramatic 
local entertainment at someone else's expense.  Or maybe even
PARTICULARLY at your expense.

At least they won't have to read you your rights, Joe -- obviously you
had no use for them anyway.

> joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...












Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54622
From: HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In <23APR199314304189@rigel.tamu.edu> mst4298@rigel.tamu.edu writes:

> In article <93112.153005MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU>, <MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU> writes...
> >From A.P. :  According to numerous accounts by those in the compound,
> >the fire was started by an armoured vehicle crushing a large propane
> >tank, and turning over numerous gas lanterns.
> 
> 	If there was a large propane tank, and it was breached, don't 
> 	you think that there would be an identifiable explosion?

  There was at least one blast consistent with petroleum products that I
saw, however propane is interesting stuff.  It doesn't explode on contact with
air.  It is *possible* for a tank to rupture without exploding.  Far more
likely, however, is that the compound was equipped with NG outlets running to
the tank.  Damage from the CEV's could have ruptured the gas lines, allowing
the gas to spread, unnoticed in the CS fumes and general excitement (propane
typically has a distinctive odor added to it for just this reason -- to smell
leaks), until reaching a flame or spark, and then Whooosh!  Fire everywhere,
and maybe an explosion.  Use of NG is pretty common in Texas, especially
semi-rural areas.

> 	Further, the BD members have as much reason to lie as the 
> 	Gov't.

  This is true, but so far the FBI/BATF track record on this incident is very
bad.

> >I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem willing to accept
> >the governments story, despite much evidence to the contrary.
> 
> 	The only evidence that exists right now (at least what we know
> 	about) is various claims and counter claims. I'm waiting until
> 	the hard evidence is released. What about you?

  I think it would have disarmed many people if the FBI followed this same
policy.  They have not.  They are making claims without evidence, and what
evidence we have so far tends to refute their story.

semper fi,

Jammer Jim Miller 
Texas A&M University '89 and '91
________________________________________________________________________________
 I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
"Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing System."
 "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
      ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54623
From: cgwillme@pyr.swan.ac.uk (r b willmersdorf)
Subject: Once upon a time ...

american and european universities were full of Angry Young People(tm)
that wanted to overthrow the government, and wouldn't think twice
about lobbing a molotov cocktail at the national guard (military police
in Europe.)

Certainly, it would have been very bad form to take anything
the System(tm) said at face value.

This was in the end of the sixties and the begining of the seventies,
I'm told. I was too young to remember.

Something wrong happened along the way, I'm afraid.  Maybe the west
became just too comfortable, or maybe I was born too late :(

Yours, disappointed with with the youth of today,

PS: 1) Half smilies implied.
    2) There *is* a difference between lining up 90 people against the
       wall and executing them, and causing their deaths through negligence/
       imcompetence.  I honestly hope we witnessed the latter.  As they say,
       the alternative is too horrible to contemplate.
    3) I'm sure the Abused Children(tm) from the compound are much 
       safer now.
-- 

Ramiro || cgwillme@pyr.swan.ac.uk

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54624
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <23APR199314304189@rigel.tamu.edu>, mst4298@rigel.tamu.edu (Mitchell S Todd) writes:
>
>	If there was a large propane tank, and it was breached, don't 
>	you think that there would be an identifiable explosion?

From what I saw of the videotape, there was an explosion which looked
more like one due to propane rather than (official version)
ammunition.

>	The only evidence that exists right now (at least what we know
>	about) is various claims and counter claims. I'm waiting until
>	the hard evidence is released. What about you?

If only we could be certain that the hard evidence will be released.

Al
[standard disclaimer]


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54625
From: scottj@magic.dml.georgetown.edu (John L. Scott)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu wrote:
> People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend sociopaths
> who aren't deserved of it.

There it is.  The Constitution isn't for "sociopaths", only "normal"
people, eh?  We mustn't allow our Constitution to be cheapened by applying
it to everybody, eh?

You disgust me.

--John L. Scott

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54626
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Waco survivors 1715 19 April

In article <22APR199317092767@zeus.tamu.edu>, mst4298@zeus.tamu.edu (Mitchell S Todd) writes:

> >David Koresh's lawyer seemed to think that everyone *would* come out
> >peacefully sooner or later.  The FBI and ATF had NOTHING BUT TIME ON
> >THEIR HANDS!  Why did they have to escalate the situation and cause
> >this senseless tragedy?  Their job is to protect the public and SAVE
> >LIVES NOT KILL PEOPLE for crying out loud.
> 
> 	Koresh had lied and lied and lied about coming out of the
> 	compound. To the FBI. To his lawyer. To just about everyone.

I keep hearing this, but every assertion of this form has come from
government sources except two.  As far as I am concerned, I am not
ready to stipulate that Koresh EVER promised to come out except for
his first promise and his last promise.

The first promise was conditional on his audio tape being given 
NATIONAL exposure.  Well, it never was -- it was broadcast locally,
in a chopped-up fashion, and that's all.  And even then, they cleverly 
cut it off when it got to the part where he demanded "national exposure,"
but not so cleverly that we didn't hear it.

The last promise was conditional on the finishing of his manuscript.
We'll never know if he would have kept that one.

> 	The FBI etc. can't wait forever for Koresh to come out. As
> 	long as they thought that Koresh's intended to surrender 
> 	peacefully. When they lost hope in that, they decided to go
> 	in. 

Strangely enough, the previous day they said they were prepared to
"wait as long as it takes."

>	Further, while the Mondays tactics were silly and clumsy,
>	they were obviously intended to drive the Davidians out of the
> 	compound, not to kill Koresh and his followers. 

Quite possible.  But arguments of intent do not mark the dividing 
line between guilt and innocence -- only the line between murder and 
negligent manslaughter.

> 	*If* it is true. *I* read in the paper that the government 
> 	listening devices inside the compound picked up orders to 
> 	burn the joint down shortly before the fire was started. I'm
> 	waiting to see what the tapes really hold.

This would be an interesting development.

> 	The Davidian may be telling the truth, or he may be lying
> 	to save his skin from possible murder charges resulting from
> 	the blaze. Koresh's lawyer, being the attorney for at least
> 	one surviving Davidian, has an interest in claiming that
> 	the gov't caused the fire, at least as much as the gov't
> 	has an interest in blaming Koresh for the fire. It's the
> 	physical evidence that will decide who's telling what.

It's too tempting for one or more of the survivors to "go state's
evidence," parrot the FBI story, hang the whole "suicide" on Koresh, 
claim they only stayed at gunpoint, etc.  If any of them do this
in the next few weeks, it doesn't prove much; but if none of them
do, it would be a strong indication to me that the FBI story is
dead wrong.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54627
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: What if the Dividians were black?

In article <1993Apr9.134525.21567@medtron.medtronic.com> rn11195@medtronic.COM (Robert Nehls) writes:
>Kenneth D. Whitehead (kdw@icd.ab.com) wrote:
>: oleary@cbnewsh.cb.att.com (brian.m.leary) writes:
>
>: > Questions for the media and the politically correct:
>: > 
  [...]
>: > If the people in the compound were black and the guys in ninja suits

Some of the Davidians *are* black.

Next question?


-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54628
From: paull@hplabsz.hpl.hp.com (Robert Paull)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

Mr. Nice Guy (rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu) wrote:
: The Branch Davidians were not violent and were not planning to start
: violence.
:  
: When the BD compound was assaulted by the ATF the BD did fire back.
: But they agreed to a cease fire and they allowed the ATF to care for
: their wounded.  The BD even released the ATF agents they captured.  It
: is clear from the release of the agents and allowing the ATF medical
: attention that the BD were not looking for trouble.

  This is the first I've heard of the BD capturing and releasing ATF agents.
Is there any more info about this?

Rob P.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54630
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: criminals & machineguns

In article <93104.175256U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>people are getting killed by gang violence every day?  Every single day I hear
>about more people getting killed by gang violence and see some of the weapons
>that are being confiscated.

Is Kratz claiming that he can reliably visually distinguish an M-16
from an AR-15?  That he can see the difference between a semi-auto and
a full-auto UZI?  That he can see the difference between the various
versions (some full-auto, some semi-auto only) of the M-11/9?

If so, I'd love to hear the details, if only because they'll demonstrate
that Kratz is blowing smoke.

Considering that one can design a gun so that it looks just like
another gun, yet have very different properties, and that that's
quite common....

Most kids in my neighborhood were quite young when they figured out
that my parents car wasn't much like Richard Petty's, even though it
looked just like it (except for the paint job).  Things must have been
different with Kratz.

>Sure it's on TV but why does that make a difference?

No, it doesn't, but that's irrelevant.  If visual inspection of the
outside worked, TV would be acceptable, but since it doesn't, the fact
that it's just as good as seeing in person doesn't mean much.

-andy gave Kratz a chance to back down on this in private
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54631
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Weaver trial update

I've been running a daily summary of the Randy Weaver/Kevin
Harris trial from here in Boise.  These summaries are sent
primarily to mailing lists.  However, I was wondering if
people would be interested in seeing them here.  Post or
email.

Drew 
--
betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54632
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Re: Need info on 43:1 and suicide for refutation

Here's something Preston Covey (professor of ethics at CMU) wrote:

From: "Preston K. Covey" <covey+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Gun Stats & Mortal Risks
Date: Mon, 15 Feb 1993 18:35:05 -0500 (EST)


Folks,

Hail from the nether world.  On February 4th, the Wall Street Journal
carried a front-page article by Erik Larson entitled "Armed Force."  I
felt a reply was in order to his citation of the notorious scare stat
that "A Gun is 43 times more likely to kill than to protect."  I sent
the following to the WSJ.

-----

Gun Stats & Mortal Risks

Preston K. Covey


	Erik Larson~s even-handed article on Paxton Quigley (~Armed Force,~
2/4/93, WSJ) cites the world~s most notorious ~statistic~ regarding guns
in the home:  ~A pioneering study of residential gunshot deaths in King
County, Washington, found that a gun in the home was 43 times more
likely to be used to kill its owner, spouse, a friend or child than to
kill an intruder.~  The ~43 times~ stat is everywhere these days;  it
has grown in media lore like the proverbial urban myth: it was inflated
by one pugilistic talk-show pundit to ~93.~  Given the shock value of
the finding, the conclusion of the 1986 New England Journal of Medicine
(NEJM) study is remarkably understated:  ~The advisability of keeping
firearms in the home for protection must be questioned.~ 
 
	Responsible people should indeed question the risks and benefits of
bringing a firearm into their home.   But what we need to know is this: 
What exactly are the risks and benefits?  The NEJM testimony is neither
the whole truth about the benefits nor nothing but the truth about the
risks.  Further, as with motor vehicles, we want to know:  What control
do we have over the risks and benefits?  And, as with the risks of
cancer or heart disease or auto accidents:  How can we minimize the
risks?  Like raw highway death tolls, the NEJM stat is not very helpful
here. 

	The NEJM finding purports to inform us, but it is framed to warn us
off.  It is widely promulgated in the media as a ~scare stat,~ a
misleading half-truth whose very formulation is calculated to prejudice
and terrify.  The frightful statistic screams for itself:  The risks far
outweigh the benefits, yes?   What fool would run these risks?   If your
car were 43 times more likely to kill you, a loved one, a dear friend or
an innocent child than to get you to your destination,  should you not
take the bus?  

	Uncritical citation puts the good name of statistics in the bad company
of lies and damned lies.   Surely, we can do better where lives are at
stake.   Let~s take a closer look at this risky business:

	The ~43 times~ stat of the NEJM study is the product of dividing the
number of home intruders/aggressors justifiably killed in self-defense
(the divisor) into the number of family members or acquaintances  killed
by a gun in the home (the dividend).  The divisor of this risk equation
is 9: in the study~s five-year sample there were 2 intruders and 7 other
cases of self-defense.  The dividend is 387:  in the study there were 12
accidental deaths, 42 criminal homicides, and 333 suicides.  387 divided
by 9 yields 43.  There were a total of 743 gun-related deaths in King
County between 1978 and 1983,  so the study leaves 347 deaths outside of
homes unaccounted.

	The NEJM~s notorious ~43 times~ statistic is seriously misleading on
six counts:

	1.  The dividend is misleadingly characterized in the media:  the ~or
acquaintances~ of the study (who include your friendly drug dealers and
neighborhood gang members) is equated to ~friends.~  The implication is
that the offending guns target and kill only beloved family members,
dear friends, and innocent children.  Deaths may all be equally tragic,
but the character and circumstance of both victims and killers are
relevant to the risk.  These crucial risk factors are masked by the
calculated impression that the death toll is generated by witless
Waltons shooting dear friends and friendly neighbors.  This is
criminological hogwash.

	2.   The study itself does not distinguish households or environs
populated by people with violent, criminal, or substance-abuse histories
-- where the risk of death is very high -- versus households inhabited
by more civil folk (for example, people who avoid high-risk activities
like drug dealing, gang banging and wife beating) -- where the risk is
very low indeed.  In actuality, negligent adults allow fatal but
avoidable accidents; and homicides are perpetrated mostly by people with
histories of violence or abuse, people who are identifiably and
certifiably at ~high risk~ for misadventure.  To ignore these obvious
risk factors in firearm accidents and homicides is as misleading as
ignoring the role of alcohol in vehicular deaths: by tautology, neither
gun deaths nor vehicular deaths would occur without firearms or
vehicles; but the person and circumstance of the gun owner or driver
crucially affect the risk. 

	3.  One misleading implication of the way the NEJM stat is framed is
that the mere presence of a gun in the home is much more likely to kill
than to protect, and this obscures -- indeed, disregards -- the role of
personal responsibility.  The typical quotation of this study (unlike
Larson~s) attributes fatal agency to the gun:  ~A gun in the home is 43
times as likely to kill . . . .~  (The Center to Prevent Handgun
Violence, a major promulgator of the NEJM statistic, uses this
particular formulation.)  We can dispense with the silly debate about
whether it~s people or guns that accomplish the killing:  again, by
tautology, gun  deaths would not occur without the guns.  The question
begged is how many deaths would occur anyway, without the guns.  In any
case, people are the death-dealing agents, the guns are their lethal
instruments.  The moral core of the personal  risk factors in gun deaths
are personal responsibility and choice.  Due care and responsibility
obviate gun accidents; human choice mediates homicide and suicide (by
gun or otherwise).  The choice to own a gun need not condemn a person to
NEJM~s high-risk pool.  The gun does not create this risk by itself. 
People have a lot to say about what risk they run with guns in their
homes.  For example, graduates of Paxton Quigley~s personal protection
course do not run the touted ~43 times~ risk any more than skilled and
sober drivers run the same risks of causing or suffering vehicular death
as do reckless or drunk drivers.  Undiscriminating actuarials disregard
and obscure the role of personal responsibility and choice, just as they
disregard and obscure the role of socio-economic, criminological and
other risk-relevant factors in firearm-related death.  This is why we
resent insurance premiums and actuarial consigment to risk pools whose
norms disregard our individualities.  Fortunately, nothing can consign
us to the NEJM risk pool but our own lack of choice or responsibility in
the matter.

	4.  Suicide accounts for 84% of the deaths by gun in the home in the
NEJM study.  As against the total deaths by gun in King County,
including those outside the home, in-house suicides are 44% of the total
death toll, which is closer to the roughly 50% proportion found by other
studies.  Suicide is a social problem of a very different order from
homicide or accidents.  The implication of the NEJM study is that these
suicides might not occur without readily available guns.  It is true
that attempted suicide by gun is likely to succeed.  It is not obviously
true that the absence of a gun would prevent any or all of these
suicides.  This is widely assumed or alleged, but the preponderance of
research on guns and suicide actually shows otherwise, that this is
wishful thinking in all but a few truly impulsive cases.  (See:  Bruce
L. Danto et al., The Human Side of Homicide,  Columbia University Press,
1982;  Charles Rich et al.,  ~Guns and Suicide,~  American Journal of
Psychiatry,  March 1990.)  If suicides were removed from the dividend of
the NEJM study~s risk equation, the ~43 times~ stat would deflate to
~six.~  The inclusion of suicides in the NEJM risk equation -- like the
causes, durability, or interdiction of suicidal intent itself -- is a
profoundly debatable matter.  Quotations of the NEJM study totally
disregard this issue.

	5.  Citations of the NEJM study also mislead regarding the estimable
rate of justifiable and excusable homicide.  Most measures, like the
NEJM homicide rate, are based on the immediate disposition of cases. 
But many homicides initially ruled criminal are appealed and later ruled
self-defense.  In the literature on battered women, immediate case
dispositions are notorious for under-representing the rate of
justifiable or excusable homicide. Time~s January 18, 1993, cover story
on women ~Fighting Back~ reported one study~s finding that 40% of women
who appeal have their murder convictions thrown out.  Time~s July 17,
1989, cover story on a week of gun deaths reported 51% of the domestic
cases as shootings by abuse victims; but only 3% of the homicides were
reported as self-defense.  In a May 14, 1990, update, Time  reported
that 12% of the homicides had eventually been ruled self-defense. In
Time~s sample, the originally reported rate of self-defense was in error
by a factor of four.  The possibility of such error is not acknowledged
by promulgators of the NEJM statistic. 

	6.  While both the dividend and the product of the NEJM risk equation
are arguably inflated, the divisor is unconscionably misleading.  The
divisor of this equation counts only aggressors who are killed,  not
aggressors who are successfully thwarted without being killed or even
shot at.   The utility of armed self-defense is the other side of the
coin from the harms done with guns in homes.  What kind of moral idiocy
is it to measure this utility only in terms of killings ?  Do we measure
the utility of our police solely in terms of felons killed  -- as
opposed to the many many more who are otherwise foiled, apprehended, or
deterred?  Should we not celebrate (let alone count ) those cases where
no human life is lost as successful armed defenses?  The question posed
to media that cite the NEJM scare stat is this:  Why neglect the
compendious research on successful armed defense, notably by
criminologist Gary Kleck (Point Blank: Guns and Violence in America ,
Aldine de Gruyter, 1992)?
	Kleck~s estimations of the rate and risk of defensive firearm use are
based on victimization surveys as well as other studies:  the rate is
high (about one million a year) and the risk is good (gun defenders fare
better than anyone, either those who resort to other forms of resistance
or those who do not resist).  Dividing one million gun defenses a year
by 30,000 annual gun deaths (from self-defense, homicides, suicides, and
accidents) yields 33.  Thus, we can construct a much more favorable
statistic than the NEJM scare stat:  

A gun is 33 times more likely to be used to defend against assault or
other crime than to kill anybody.   

	Of course, Kleck~s critics belittle the dividend of this calculation;
what is good news for gun defenders is bad news for gun control.  We
should indeed question the basis and method of Kleck~s high estimation
of defensive firearm use, as I have questioned the NEJM statistic. 
Clearly, the issue of how to manage mortal risks is not settled by
uncritical citation of statistics.   One thing troubles me still:  we
can hardly escape the unquestioned NEJM scare stat in our media,  but we
hardly ever find Kleck~s good work mentioned,  even critically.

-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54633
From: robs@bcstec.ca.boeing.com (Robert Sipe)
Subject: Senator Patty Murrey's tax proposal

   If you haven't heard yet, US Senator Patty Murrey, a Mom in
tennis shoes, is planning to introduce legislation to tax
all handgun transactions and increase dealer licnese costs in
order to raise money to cover the costs of un-insured shooting
victums.  She plans to start with $2500.00 per year dealer fees
and $40.00 or so, depending on the type of firearm, per gun
transaction.  She plans to make it federal.
   She was elected in Washington state under the trade mark as
just a mom in tennis shoes.  She can be written to via the
United States Senate, Washinton DC.  She is looking for your
tennis shoes.  So if you have a pair please send them to her
with your feelings regarding this tax.  
   She claims she has heard little from the opposition.

Lets inundate her!


-- 
BIGOT!  The definition of a bigot is a conservative winning an argument!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54634
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

In article <1r8m19INNeph@cronkite.Central.Sun.COM> dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM writes:
/>/:/g
j:Maybe they WANTED it to look like murder. He had 50+ days. I think this was
:>coming the whole time. He didn't even put the children in the buried bus or
:>the underground bunker during the CS seige. He put them up into the tower
:>to die.
:
:	Is CS gas lighter or heavier than air?  Do you know?  If the

CS is heavier than air... most chemical weapons are...

-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54636
From: f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu
Subject: Re: Reno, fascist dog 

In article <1993Apr23.010640.4583@news.columbia.edu>, pgf5@cunixb.cc.columbia.edu (Peter Garfiel Freeman) writes:
> Janet Reno should be lauded for her decision to attack the 
> compound of the Davidians.  I mean, the last thing we 
> need in this country is more gun-toting hicks who want
> to end the world.  I think ATF, the US Marshalls, the FBI and local
> police forces should make a concerted effort to rid us 
> of the scourge of rebellious freaks.
> 
> Welch eine Wonne!  Welch ein Leiden!
> 
> 
> Pete
> 
> 
	While dedicating the Holocaust Memorial Museum, President 
Clinton remarked:

	``The evil represented in this museum is incontestable, 
but as we are its witness, so must we remain its adversary in the 
world in which we live, so we must stop the fabricators of history 
and the bullies as well."

	Clinton made this comment shortly after giving Janet Reno 
the go-ahead to hastily construct a gas chamber and crematorium
in Waco... on the fiftieth anniversary of the Warsaw uprising.

	Say, wasn't Monday also the anniversary of Paul Revere's ride?
Is that a clue?
	
 *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 Joe Gaut                    |   In the super-state, it really does not
 <f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu> |   matter at all what actually happened.
     Remember the Alamo      |   Truth is what the government chooses to 
       Remember Waco         |   tell you.  Justice is what it wants to happen.
                                        --Jim Garrison, New Orleans, La.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54637
From: dmeyers@mal-s2.gatech.edu (Dave Meyers)
Subject: Re: Who's next? Mormons and Jews?

In <1993Apr20.003522.22480@midway.uchicago.edu> thf2@kimbark.uchicago.edu (Ted Frank) writes:

>The Koreshians rubbed themselves out.  Neither Mormons nor Jews have a
>propensity for dousing themselves with kerosene, so I'm not particularly
>concerned.  (Or shall we blame Jim Jones on the government also?)

The suggestion that they Davidians committed suicide is
completely without evidence.  Except for the editorials...

Please re-word.  "propensity for allegedly dousing themselves".

Oh, and the survivors claim the the FBI started the burning
by accidentally igniting kerosene lanterns (remember that they'd
already cut the power), and the propane tanks.  This sounds
a lot more likely than committing suicide by setting the place
afire.

--D
-- 
-- -- -- David S. Meyers (dmeyers@math.gatech.edu) -- -- --
When encryption is outlawed, only outlaws will &*kh*&n*&b&mk


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54638
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: The LAW of RETRIBUTION

In article <lteid7INN88q@appserv.Eng.Sun.COM>, fiddler@concertina.Eng.Sun.COM (steve hix) writes:

[re McElwaine]

> Is there NOWHERE on the net that this guy WILL NOT POST?

I just heard this week that he has started on COMPUSERVE flying models
forum now.  Sigh.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54639
From: jfh@rpp386 (John F. Haugh II)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

In article <blake.70.735413837@nevada.edu> blake@nevada.edu (Rawlin Blake) writes:
>I was hoping that Kent State taught us a lesson.
>
>Apparently not.
>
>Apparently the government will murder anyone they choose to still.

That's right.  Despite claims that someone at Kent State fire a shotgun
at the the soldiers, the only projectiles that anyone can prove where
sent in the direction of the soldiers were rocks.
-- 
John F. Haugh II                  [ PGP 2.1 ] !'s: ...!cs.utexas.edu!rpp386!jfh
Ma Bell: (512) 251-2151           [ DoF #17 ]        @'s: jfh@rpp386.cactus.org

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54640
From: kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

From article <1r492jINN5fo@charnel.ecst.csuchico.edu>, by nomad@ecst.csuchico.edu (Michael Larish):
> In article <1993Apr19.184303.6205@stortek.com> vojak@icebucket.stortek.com (Bill Vojak) writes:
>>
>>both of my Senators, and my Rep.  I also called the White House
>>comment line (was on hold for 8-10 minutes so maybe LOTS of people
>>are calling).  Please call your Congress Critter/WH comment line NOW!
> 
> 	Just a general note, I have seen several polls lately and they
> show a large majority (a) thinks that this incident was handled ok and
> (b) thinks that the FBI and BATF gave them more than enough time (51 days)
> to come out.

I take it that when something happens that is wrong it's okay if
a bunch of people say it is?  For instance, if some people go on a
murderous rampage and lynch some blacks and then a poll is taken which
shows that the majority of people think that this is acceptable then
does this mean that what these people have done isn't bad?  This is an
example of mob rule not a democracy---a democracy in which people's
rights are protected.  I hope that I've made myself clear on this.

>>Make the following points:
>>
>> 1) Your outrage over todays behaviour.
> 
> 	And what if I'm not outraged?

Fine...you have the right to hold any opinion that you want to.  But,
let me ask you this:  are you outraged over this tragedy?  I hope
that you are, your opinions of David Koresh and his followers not
withstanding.  I know I am.

>> 2) Since BATF Chief Higgens AND Janet Reno were the 2 who "signed off"
>>    on this plan, demand that they be fired!
> 
> 	Actually, they should both be commended...

Why?  I'd be interested in hearing your reasons.

>> 5) Point out that even if the fire was set by someone inside of the
>>    building, it came as a direct result of the actions of the FBI/BATF.
>>    And the people inside (including 17 children) deserved a trial, instead
>>    of this.
> 
> 	What I want to know is what exactly did you expect them to do?  I
> can see it now...the 11 o'clock news...  "FBI and BATF agents still
> surround the Waco compound after 451 days..."  I don't think so.  They gave
> them every chance.  They had 51 days to surrender to proper authorities.
> They had attornies representing them, etc.  Koresh lied time and time again.
> I don't wish them dead but you can't let it stalemate forever.  It was time
> to do something and the FBI and BATF did.  What happened was unfortunate
> but acceptable (as long as the FBI didn't set the fire intentionally).
> 
> -- 
> Michael G. Larish       | Amateur Radio Callsign:  KD6CTZ
> nomad@ecst.csuchico.edu | Golden Empire Amateur Radio Society (GEARS) - W6RHC
> California State        | Chico State Amateur Radio Society (CSARS)
> University, Chico       | Butte County Sheriff's Search & Rescue - #317


Scott Kennedy,  Brewer and Patriot

Before:  "David Koresh is a cheap thug who interprets
          the Bible through the barrel of a gun..."  --ATF spokesman
After:   "[The ATF] is a cheap thug who interprets
          [the Constitution] through the barrel of a gun..."  --Me

         *******************************************
         * BATF = Cigarette Cops                   *
         * FBI  = Fuehrer's Bureau of Incineration *
         *******************************************




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54641
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1993Apr23.153005.8237@starbase.trincoll.edu>, () writes:
> > Must be comforting to belong to a government approved religion.

> > Baptists are a cult, two, BTW, under most of the definitions in the dictionary  
> > of "cult".

> I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
> and M-16's/AR-15's

Know any Mormons?

> and banging/marrying thirteen yuear olds.

Know for a fact that this was happening?  State of Texas says it wasn't,
and they held a trial to prove it.

> You're a sorry
> son of a bitch if you can't draw a distinction between these two things.

Sure we can.  The top two things are perfectly legal.  The bottom one
isn't.  The person here who can't distinguish seems to be you.

> People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend sociopaths
> who aren't deserved of it.

So the constitution is only for people you approve of.  Fine, fine.
I usually refer to that as "elitism," because "bigotry" is so negative.

> Get a life and chill on the paranoia.

Knowing that people like you are out there really gives me warm fuzzies.

> joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54642
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1993Apr23.153005.8237@starbase.trincoll.edu>  writes:
>In article <1r6h4vINN844@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
>Arras) wrote:
>>   
>> You seem to make two points.  No one ultimately oversees the federal agencies  
>> you mention, and since Koresh "apparently" has a different view point from your  
>
>I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
>and M-16's/AR-15's and banging/marrying thirteen yuear olds. You're a sorry

Hmm... all reports from Texas authorities indicate that none of the children
which the group released showed any signs of child abuse.. given that the same
results were found the last time the group was investigated for such allegations,
I can pretty much state that I strongly suspect the government of disinformation
/deception on this issue.  And about stockpiling weapons/food, many recognized
religous groups practice maintaining a one years supply of food, and some even
maintain a supply of weapons and ammunition, why are those two facts grounds 
for an armed assault?  And from the dollar value of the weapons purchased, 
if they bought decent firearms it comes out to about one handgun, rifle, and
shotgun for each adult, with a few extras...  Going by that rule, the BATF
best get ready for the fight of their life when they assault Alabama...

-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54643
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Your Evil Tax Dollars at Work, was RE: ATF BURNS RANCH ETC ETC...

In article <1993Apr23.162517.14029@hpcvusn.cv.hp.com>, kam@cv.hp.com (Keith Marchington) writes:

> Good question.  Take an objective look at what happened, listen to the 
> things that the FBI said ("The BD's started the fire."  "The BD's bodies
> were found with gunshot wounds.") that are now being refuted by the 
> evidence being recovered.  Seems that the FBI is deliberately making
> statements that have no rational basis in fact, and trying to make
> them sound like fact.  

That's another sad thing.  I'd expect this sort of shit from the BATF.
But I'm goddamn disappointed in the FBI.  They used to be professionals.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54644
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu> green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green) writes:
>Just to shed some light on the fire, it was widely reported (AP, etc.) that
>there WERE several witnesses to BD folks starting the fires.  It has also
>been reported that the fires broke out in several places at once, which
>rules out a Bradley knocking over a lamp, etc. as the cause.
>
>What I would like to see is some serious discussion of this incident.  I
>believe the moves made were right and proper, but I still have some problems
>with some of the tactics.  After watching the ABC special on it tonight, as
>well as CNN and Nightline, I question some of the ATF and FBI actions.
>
>1) Could it have been possible to have taken Koresh outside the compound at
>some time before the Feb. 28th raid?

I think it was - he went into town fairly often, and was known to go
jogging.  This was even during the 9 month period when he was being
watched.  One wonders why the BATF went ahead, when they had been warned
according to an interview with a BATF agent, that the BD were expecting
them, and why they had the media in tow.  Almost looks like they wanted
to have a romp and a nice show for the media, and it all went to hell...

He was also never known to act violently.  He has always surrendered
peacefully before (but of course, the warrants were served peacefully).
He has been tried on the allegations before and found NOT GUILTY.

The justification for this mess was he was alleged to have purchased
$200,000.00 worth of guns and stuff (over an undetermined time period).
Last I heard this is not a crime, or indication of one.  I know of an
INDIVIDUAL with that much value in guns.  SHould he get a fly-thru-the-door
shoot-first-talk-later raid?  (grenades are shooting first, nobody I
know of can say 'oh, thats only a stun grenade, thats OK...').  Can you?
I sure cannot.  Also, one cannot be sure that 200K figure is not calculated
like the Feds calculate the value of a drug siezure...  Even so, it
is a 'so what' issue...  He wasn't bothering anyone (besides the
BATF who doesn't like folks other than themselves or other govt
people having any effective guns)... and having an unapproved
religeous group.  Are we required to not offend the BATF these
days?  I sure hope it hasn't come to THAT...

MY point is, it DOES NOT ADD UP.  We need an independent investigation,
and NOW.  Assuming other than FBI/BATF are preserving the evidence.

>2) Could a further wait have resulted in a different outcome.

They had the premisis bugged.  I am inclined to think a further wait
would have saved lives.  One wonders why they didn't have emergency
gear on hand when they moved, and why they didn't turn on the water
when a fire was observed, instead of saying "aw, gee, there is no water".

Why so long before the fire gear even SHOWED UP - like after the building
had pretty much finished burning?  Fireman safety?  Isn't that a decision
the firefighters should be allowed to make?  No water?  Why didn't
the Feds TURN IT BACK ON?  They sure could cut it off quickly enough...

One does wonder about the possibility of 'settling scores'...

>3) Were FBI actions (blaring loudspeakers, etc.) the "right" course of action?
>
>And a few other questions.  Like I said, I believe the actions taken, in
>general, were proper.  But I still have some reservations.
>
>One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
>"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
>had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.

What does 'taking responsibility' mean?  You think she is going to be
facing jail time if the acts were found to be criminal?  You think
she is going to face ANY repercussions if the FBI/BATF are found to
have acted wrongly?  I don't.  It is a nice PR gimmick, though.

I am not assured there will even be a serious independent investigation
for possible wrongdoing or criminal acts on the part of the BATF or FBI.
I expect to hear "they are our best law enforcement.  They wouldn't do
anything like that - NO WAY.  OUT of the QUESTION.  End of issue".

I want to see an INDEPENDENT investigation, with full prosecuting and
subpoena powers.  With felony prosecution where felony acts are found.
Fat chance, I bet.  I bet the Justice Dept will have an internal
investigation which will turn up at most 'poor judgement'.

I hope I am wrong, that this is gone over with a fine tooth comb.

-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54645
From: ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5stLG.Fwq@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:

> Sorry, guy, you got it wrong.  ATF was pumping tear gas into the compound.
> The Branch Davidians (going along with their apocolyptic faith) set their
> own compound on fire killing all but 9 or so.  No children survived.

Seeing as how people are willing to quote the FBI quoting cultists
who just yesterday were deranged and not to be trusted (hmm the FBI
or the cultists...) I think I'll quote the BBC quoting (actually voice
interview) one of the two British survivors. He claimed that the fire
started when the tanks caused an internal wooden wall/roof to collapse
knocking over kerosene lamps and that they had no suicide plan.

Maybe true, partly true, or false.
-- 
Alan Greig                            Janet: A.Greig@uk.ac.dct
Dundee Institute of Technology	   Internet: A.Greig@dct.ac.uk
Tel: (0382) 308810                 (Int +44 382 308810)
         ** Never underestimate the power of human stupidity **

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54646
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Government Exlanations for WACO

When you have no principles, you can't admit that someone else might,
and everyone who acts differently from what you expect can only be a nutcase.
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

I'm beginning to look forward to reaching the %100 allocation of taxes
to pay for the interest on the national debt. At that point the
federal government will be will go out of business for lack of funds.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54647
From: ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu>, green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green) writes:

> And a few other questions.  Like I said, I believe the actions taken, in
> general, were proper.  But I still have some reservations.

We've heard a lot of talk about brainwashing in Waco but the brainwashing
of the general population never ceases to amaze me. Here is an
example of action being taken which results in the worst possible
outcome and despite people's deep intuition telling them something
is wrong the programming will still cut in and say that the
agents probably acted in good faith. NO THEY DIDN'T. They either did
not have enough information to act in good faith or else they acted
knowing the risk. Sums up human stupidity all over and one of these
days it will destroy the fucking planet: "Oh sorry. Didn't think they
would respond by launching a strike. All our best calculations told
us they were bluffing."

-- 
Alan Greig                            Janet: A.Greig@uk.ac.dct
Dundee Institute of Technology	   Internet: A.Greig@dct.ac.uk
Tel: (0382) 308810                 (Int +44 382 308810)
         ** Never underestimate the power of human stupidity **

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54648
From: ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr21.053035.29591@mcs.kent.edu>, mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu (The Lawnmowerman) writes:
> In article <1r1j1l$4t@transfer.stratus.com>, cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>> In article <1993Apr20.143255.12711@mcs.kent.edu>, mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu (The Lawnmowerman) writes:
>> 
>> Oh, then, I guess that shooting THOSE kind of babies is all right.
>> 
>> You sick bastard.
>> -- 
>> 
>> cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
>> OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...
>> 
> 
> Why thanks for your reply to my post.  By the way, I never, never ever said 
> that it was right to shoot "THOSE kind" of babies.  However it was the Branch
> Davidian people in there that insisted on staying there with their "savior" 
> (yeah right budy boy) because he had brain-washed them into believing that 
> what ever he says is the truth, even if means that they are to give up their
> lives for <<<<HIS>>>> cause.  Therefore it is Davids fault and not the ATF's
> who gave them 50 to 51 days to get out, this was 50 days to many for me and

For goodness sake if they had fired a cruise missile at the compound more
people would have come out alive. It was obvious to anyone with the remotest
contact with reality that such an outcome was likely (not just possible)
however the fire started. As, Mr Lawnmower, you seem to have already entered
your own little virtual reality I guess you can't be expected to understand
things in the real universe.
-- 
Alan Greig                            Janet: A.Greig@uk.ac.dct
Dundee Institute of Technology	   Internet: A.Greig@dct.ac.uk
Tel: (0382) 308810                 (Int +44 382 308810)
         ** Never underestimate the power of human stupidity **

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54649
From: ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5sIAJ.Ks7@news.udel.edu>, roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:

> So, why didn't the BD's leave when the gas was first introduced much 
> earlier in the morning?  Didn't they care about the children?
> 
> Why didn't they release the children weeks ago?

Because most of the children were with their parent(s). Do you understand
that concept? Here's a bunch of people who believe in their minds that
the forces of Satanic evil are outside and you expect them to hand over
their own children? Were you born that stupid or does it take a lot
of effort?

-- 
Alan Greig                            Janet: A.Greig@uk.ac.dct
Dundee Institute of Technology	   Internet: A.Greig@dct.ac.uk
Tel: (0382) 308810                 (Int +44 382 308810)
         ** Never underestimate the power of human stupidity **

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54650
From: ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1993Apr20.163730.16128@guinness.idbsu.edu>, betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz) writes:
> In article <C5rynw.Iz8@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>>And I suppose the FBI also prevented them from coming out with their 
>>hands up while national tv cameras watch.
>>
> Watch from where?  Two miles away?  Far enough away that whatever
> really happenned must be explained through the vengeful filter of
> a humiliated agency that said (quote!) "Enough is enough."

As I understand it was considered unsafe for the tv networks to get
any closer. Surely the networks can judge the risks of reporting
for themselves. I haven't noticed CNN being banned from Baghdad
hotels yet despite the (all too real) risk of having a cruise
missile land in the lobby. Incidentally has that ever been explained
or are we to assume that out of the whole of the city an off-course
missile just happened to hit that hotel at a probability of about
1 in some very large number?

Unsafe for who I wonder?
-- 
Alan Greig                            Janet: A.Greig@uk.ac.dct
Dundee Institute of Technology	   Internet: A.Greig@dct.ac.uk
Tel: (0382) 308810                 (Int +44 382 308810)
         ** Never underestimate the power of human stupidity **

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54651
From: ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1993Apr20.195636.17742@guinness.idbsu.edu>, betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz) writes:
> --
> betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
> *** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
> *** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
> *** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
>     semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium

If you really want to trigger the scanners then move the keywords
above the -- signature start bit... You'll only trip them once in
a sig (plus every so often it will flag one for human intervention
just to be sure)

I might not be being serious.

-- 
Alan Greig                            Janet: A.Greig@uk.ac.dct
Dundee Institute of Technology	   Internet: A.Greig@dct.ac.uk
Tel: (0382) 308810                 (Int +44 382 308810)
         ** Never underestimate the power of human stupidity **

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54652
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

>>This is a stretch.  In fact, a great many of the persecuted Indians were
>>Christian, a great many.  It would be simpler to state the obvious, that
>>white people wanted land the Indians dominated or threatened.  I really
>>don't think the government cared a hill of beans about the Indians' religion.

>My Native American Girlfriend asks: "If the government really doesn't
>'care a hill of beans' about our religion, how come they're still
>busting us for it in Oregon, Washington, and a few other places?
>You'd be a Christian, too, if the U.S. Army marched you into church
>at gunpoint."

Are you saying that the Indians who became Christians did so because the
US Army marched them into church at gunpoint?

This will be news to the Indians of the Great Lakes and upper Mississippi
basin-- of the Southwest-- of Mexico and South America-- who converted even
before there was such a thing as the US.  Are you saying that Indians are
incapable of coming to a decision themselves about their religion without
being forced to at gunpoint?  What about the Christian Cherokees who were
given the boot by the US government after the Civil War... because the
Cherokee nation gave mild support to the Confederacy, since they themselves
owned black slaves.  No, reducing it all to a matter of religion is to
support a much too narrow view of history.

I've never heard of a single treaty, whether broken by the US government or
not (were any NOT????), that said, if you guys convert to Christianity, you
get to keep all the land you claim.  No, treaties were invariably about land...
it meant ceding Indian claims to the government.  Sometimes in return the
US government promised the hunter-gatherer tribes (and plenty of tribes were
already farming for centuries, but we don't hear about non-Plains Indians
in movies) food and training in return for taking up a non-nomadic existence.
Promises, of course, which all to often proved empty. 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54653
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...

In article 1r1lp1INN752@mojo.eng.umd.edu, chuck@eng.umd.edu (Chuck Harris - WA3UQV) writes:
>In article <1993Apr20.050550.4660@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca> j979@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca (FULLER  M) writes:
>>Does a "not harmful" gassing mean that you can, with a little willpower,
>>stay inside indefinitely without suffering any serious health problems?
>>
>>If so, why was CS often employed against tunnels in Vietnam?
>>
>>What IS the difference, anyway?
>
>CS "tear-gas" was used in Vietnam because it makes you wretch so hard that
>your stomach comes out thru your throat.  Well, not quite that bad, but
>you can't really do much to defend yourself while you are blowing cookies.
>
>Chuck Harris - WA3UQV
>chuck@eng.umd.edu
>


Interesting... after several hours worth of exposure, do you still posess
the presence of mind to be able to determine how to escape from an inferno
surrounding you?  In other words, is it possible that the prolonged gassing
disoriented the wackos enough that possibility of escape was rendered
questionable?


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54654
From: wdstarr@athena.mit.edu (William December Starr)
Subject: Cost/Benefit Analysis  (was FBI Director's Statement...)


In article <1993Apr20.212028.17463@twisto.eng.hou.compaq.com>, 
costley@solo.eng.hou.compaq.com (Brett Costley) said:

>> *sigh* I just DON'T understand why they couldn't have waited Koresh&Co
>> out.  [jlpicard@austin.ibm.com]
>
> Uh, maybe because it was costing hundreds of thousands of dollars a
> day to just sit and wait.

Yeah.  We don't want to spend too much money preserving lives, after
all.  Escpecially when they're all just a bunch of crazy fanatic
cultists anyway, instead of normal people.

[The above is supposed to be dripping with sarcasm, but I'm too burned
out right now (get it? "burned out" ha ha!) to tell if it's working.
Look, folks, what David Koresh and his followers were was _broken_.  It
takes a certain amount of flexibility and insanity to survive in this
world and they didn't have enough of it and that wasn't their fault.  So
please stop dancing on their graves, okay?]

-- William December Starr <wdstarr@athena.mit.edu>


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54655
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5sv88.HJy@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>In article <1r1j3n$4t@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>>In article <1r19tp$5em@bigboote.WPI.EDU>, mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
>>
>>> >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
>>>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>>> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day  
>>> in Texas. 
>>
>>Do YOU eat all your food cold?
>
>Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
>Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.

Ever hear about cutting off the electricity? That was done.
How effective is an electric stove then?

Al
[standard disclaimer]


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54656
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu> green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green)  
writes:
> Just to shed some light on the fire, it was widely reported (AP, etc.) that
> there WERE several witnesses to BD folks starting the fires.  It has also
> been reported that the fires broke out in several places at once, which
> rules out a Bradley knocking over a lamp, etc. as the cause.

"Widely reported", eh?  Remember, this has had a news blackout since day 2.
The FBI is the single, sole, source of these rumors.  It may be the truth, but  
it may not be.  We may never know.  We MUST question it, though.  Why no media  
coverare?  What were they hiding?

> 
> What I would like to see is some serious discussion of this incident.  I
> believe the moves made were right and proper, but I still have some problems
> with some of the tactics.  After watching the ABC special on it tonight, as
> well as CNN and Nightline, I question some of the ATF and FBI actions.
> 
> 1) Could it have been possible to have taken Koresh outside the compound at
> some time before the Feb. 28th raid?
> 
It would seem so.

> 2) Could a further wait have resulted in a different outcome.
> 

They would still be alive, today.  Another day is another chance.

> 3) Were FBI actions (blaring loudspeakers, etc.) the "right" course of  
action?
> 
I think it contributed to the outcome.  Folks that are sleep deprived tend not  
to think clearly

> And a few other questions.  Like I said, I believe the actions taken, in
> general, were proper.  But I still have some reservations.
> 
I feel strongly they were NOT proper.

> One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
> "balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
> had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.

As expected.  If it had come out well, he would not have hesitated to take full  
credit.


Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54657
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tKI1.C8s@rice.edu> fontenot@ravl.rice.edu (Dwayne Jacques  
Fontenot) writes:
> In <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu> green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green) writes:
> >Just to shed some light on the fire, it was widely reported (AP, etc.) that
> >there WERE several witnesses to BD folks starting the fires.  It has also
> >been reported that the fires broke out in several places at once, which
> >rules out a Bradley knocking over a lamp, etc. as the cause.
> 
> Consider this: The BDs had more than one lamp; The tanks made more than
> one hole in the building. Did anyone else notice on the video that it
> appeared that wherever there was smoke coming out of the building, there
> was a tank nearby?
> 
> The fact that it appears that fires started in several places does not
> rule out anything.

I watched it live, and have re-watched it several times, and from the press  
vantage point, there was only one starting point visible, where the tank  
punched in on the windward side, and the winds whipped that fire across the  
whole, dry, wooden, structure in minutes.  Faned by the 30 mph gusts, and the  
Hueys.   If there were other fires started, they were not visible, nor were  
they needed to cause the flame progression I observed.
> 
> Also, where are these several witnesses? The way I heard it (from the FBI
> spokesman on CNN) the "witnesses" were all people driving the tanks.
> 
All witnesses get thier paychecks from the FBI.

> >One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
> >"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
> >had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.
> 
> Too bad nothing will happen to her or him. The FBI and the media have
> done their job well.
> 
Yep.  They media has endorsed the FBI version without question.  Sad.

> Dwayne Jacques Fontenot
Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54658
From: bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler)
Subject: Re: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

/ iftccu:talk.politics.guns / Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> /  3:34 pm  Apr 18, 1993 /

>>Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect
>>them. Resistance is useless. They will overwhelm you - one at a time.
>       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>
>Listen buddy, if you're going to quote Star Trek get the quote right.  It was
>"Resistance is futile".  Get it right the next time :-)

Sounds like a VOGON quote to me..... Perhaps YOU should READ more widely 
instead of watching that idiot box....

Rick.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54659
From: phd85@seq1.keele.ac.uk (D.H. Holden)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

From article <1qvjh9INNh4l@hp-col.col.hp.com>, by dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff):
> NUT CASE PANICS!!!!JUMPS THE GUN ON THE NET BEFORE GETTING FACTS STRAIGHT!!!!

   Brilliant I like it!
--
Dave Holden Phys. Dept. |  Email:                          
keele university.       | phd85@uk.ac.keele.seq1          
keele. staffs. England. |                                   
-----------------------------------------------------------x

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54660
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:



>I don't remember the figures EXACTLY, but there were about 3500 deaths in Texas
>in 1991 that was caused by guns.....
>This is more than those beeing killed in car-ACCIDENTS!
>(Yes, there could be that low sentences or high poverty could influence the
>figures but they're still *pretty* high right??)
>I also believe Texas has some of the most liberal 'gun-laws' in USA......

In Texas, you cannot carry a handgun.  Period.  Either concealed or open.
And your numbers are misleading; they include suicides and accidents.  The
real number from the Department of Public Safety:

                   Murders, Non-neg hom		Car fatalities
1991			2651			  3079
1992			2240			  3057

Texas only has "liberal" gun laws as far as purchasing a firearm; aside 
from that, it's probably more restrictive than most states as far as carry
goes.


>One state (don't remember which, Texas??) tried to impose a rule that you could
>only buy ONE gun each MONTH. Think you all know what happened.....

The state was Virginia, and the law passed.

>I respect the right to defend yourself, but that right should not inflict on
>other people.

That right only inflicts on those who threaten my rights to life,
liberty, the pursuit of happiness, etc., in the first place.  I am not
a criminal, and I don't indiscriminately fire my weapons at random.  
So please explain how I am "inflicting" anything on other people.

>	This is not a .signature.
>	It's merely a computergenerated text to waste bandwith
>	and to bring down the evil Internet.


>                        Thomas Parsli
>                        thomasp@ifi.uio.no

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54661
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas) writes:

>Nerve gas and mustard gas are well defined.  Other poisonous
>gasses should be individually banned only if it can be shown that there
>is no use not related to weaponry.  Licenses should be available for
>research purposes on such chemicals.

>I am not a lawyer, but these ideas could certainly be a basis for 
>definitions.

I hope you realize how trivial it is to manufacture these compounds.  Given
about $10k in lab equipment and chemicals (which are commercially available)
and given the knowledge that I have (graduating BS, Ch, 1993) I could 
synthesize enough of these compounds to make a serious dent in the population
of several major US cities.  As also noted, the knowledge is there for
the production of nuclear weapons.  It's not even that restricted.  The
only thing is the expense.  

Now I'm not going around making these things, but it's not 'cause of any
law; I simply don't get any marginal benefit out of killing anyone.  Any
law you enact in this respect is only going to give you the ability to 
add a charge against someone who does make and use said weapons.  In the
case of chemical agents, I seriously doubt that you would even know that
someone had set up a lab until after the weapons had been used.  

Part of the trouble with the chemical-weapons ban treaty between the US
and the USSR is that many of the precursors to chemical weapons such as
GB and Sarin, etc., is that they have very valid commercial uses, and 
it is very easy to divert those precursors to chemical weapons manufacture
without anyone knowing about it.

>>< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
>><  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >


>-- 
>doug foxvog
>douglas.foxvog@vtt.fi

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54662
From: se08+@andrew.cmu.edu (Seth Adam Eliot)
Subject: reference needed....


Does anybody have any solid data on how many legally owned versus
illegally owned firearms are used in crime.  I know the number of
legally owned guns used in crime is small, but I would like a number,
and a reference if possible.

Data should be e-mailed to me.
Open discussion should be directed to talk.politics.guns

-Seth

__________________________________________________________________________
[unlike cats] dogs NEVER scratch you when you wash them. They just
become very sad and try to figure out what they did wrong. -Dave Barry
           
Seth Eliot                    Dept of Material Science and Engineering
                              Carnegie Mellon Univerity,   Pittsburgh, PA
ARPA    :eliot+@cmu.edu       |------------------------------------------
   or    se08+@andrew.cmu.edu |
Bitnet:  se08%andrew@cmccvb   |      
------------------------------|


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54663
From: 0005111312@mcimail.com (Peter Nesbitt)
Subject: Need Senate Bill numbers and House Resolution numbers

Sorry for posting this here, but noone has replied to my post from the politics
side of the group.

I want to get involved in the fight to save our gun rights.  But first, I need
to get a little more educated.  I've been reading all the magzines and books I
can get my hands on, and sifting through hundreds of messages here in the 
Internet.

I want to obtain a COMPLETE list of Senate Bill and House Resolution
names/numbers.

Can anyone tell me how/where to obtain this info?  Surely there has to be a
way to obtain copies of anti-gun legislation from those *&%$#@'s in Washington.

Any help is appreciated.

/-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\

| Peter D. Nesbitt |     Air Traffic Controller     | PNESBITT@MCIMAIL.COM    |

|                  |       Oakland Bay TRACON       |                         |

|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

|  CBR600F2 Pilot  |       NRA Member CCX1380F      |  S&W .41 Magnum Carrier |

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------/




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54665
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5tLxr.1xq@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
writes:
> In article <1r21g2INNeah@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De  
Arras) writes:
> >In article <C5sou8.LnB@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
> >writes:
> >> In article <1993Apr20.163730.16128@guinness.idbsu.edu>  
betz@gozer.idbsu.edu  
> >(Andrew Betz) writes:
> >> >In article <C5rynw.Iz8@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
> >writes:
> >> >>And I suppose the FBI also prevented them from coming out with their 
> >> >>hands up while national tv cameras watch.
> >> >>
> >> >Watch from where?  Two miles away?  Far enough away that whatever
> >> >really happenned must be explained through the vengeful filter of
> >> >a humiliated agency that said (quote!) "Enough is enough."
> >> 
> >> Please tell me what you think would have happened had the people 
> >> come out with their hands up several weeks ago.
> >> 
> >It didn't happen.
> 
> And who is responsible for it not happening?
> Certainly not the children.  Koresh was calling the shots.  He was 
> talking with his lawyer and the FBI.  Since others were released safely, 
> there is no sane reason for keeping the children inside the compound.
> 

The FBI and Koresh were calling the shots.  And there were very sane reasons  
for keeping the children, if they let them go, the parents would NEVER see them  
again.  That is not an easy choice, in spite of you cold attitude about it.

> >> >>scenario that is simplest and most plausible.  I do not generally 
> >> >>believe in conspiracy theories that involve complicated and unlikely 
> >> >>scenarios.
> >> >
> >> >The FBI sent letters to Martin Luther King's wife insinuating
> >> >that MLK was having an affair!  Again, please tell us exactly
> >> >how much you trust our supposedly benevolent government.
> >> 
> >> More than someone who would not release children from the compound.
> >> 
> >Obviously.  You are an authority worshiper.
> 
> Not at all.  Are you a Koresh worshiper?

I am a constitution worshiper.  You quite obviously eat anything the  
authorities feed you, without doubt, which makes you no different that a Koresh  
worshiper

> 
> >> I.e., more than David Koresh/Vernon Howell/"Jesus Christ".
> >> I saw lengthy excerpts from an Australian documentary made in 
> >> 1992 that clearly showed that this was a cult.
> >
> >Give me a camera, and time with you, and I can present excerpts that show  
you  
> >to be a cult leader.  Guarenteed. 
> 
> Thanks for my laugh of the day!  Definitely a very silly supposition.
> 
If you do not believe this, you are truly naive.  It is not only possible, it  
is easy.  I worked in the broadcast profession, at a network station, in the  
late 70s, I know what I'm saying here.  Embarrasing footage is easy to get, add  
a little sinister music, and the right voice-over, and I'll have you mother  
agreeing to commit you.

> >You should at least view the whole  
> >documentary before you claim it as a source.
> 
> I would if I could.  The news show that showed the lengthy excerpts also 
> had interviews with the filmmaker who made the documentary who basically 
> confirmed what was shown in the excerpts from the time he spent at the 
> compound in 1992.
> 
The news shows were looking for excerpts which backed their position.  Do you  
think they would show excerpts which disproved their points?

> >> I am not pleased with the BATF handling of the affair.  I think they 
> >> bungled it badly from the start.  But I don't think they are 
> >> responsible for the fire, which started in two different places.
> >
> >Two places, eh?  You saw this?  Or did the wonderful FBI tell you this?  
> >I saw one place.
> 
> I believe that this was reported by local radio reporters on site.
> A fire started in a three story tower at the same time as the two 
> story window shown on the tv coverage.
> 
The reports of multi-starts came solely from the FBI.  Anyone observing the  
fire from the available video would be hard pressed to see more than one point  
of fire.  Which spread across the compound as a uniform rate.

> >> >>The BATF is by no means devoid of fault in the handling of this affair.
> >> >>But to suggest that they may have intentionally started the fire is 
> >> >>ludicrous.
> >> >
> >> >I suspect that there were plenty of camerapeople willing to
> >> >risk small arms fire to get some good footage.  These people
> >> >were told to get the hell out of camera range.  Why?
> >
> >Couldn't answer this one, eh?  This is the most important question of all,  
it  
> >is the root cause of all the other suspicion.
> 
> I thought about mentioning how Reagan and the military treated the press 
> in Grenada and how that set the precedent, but decided it wasn't worthy 
> of discussion.  If the news reporter got shot, you can bet his family 
> would sue the government for letting him into the danger area.

No reported has ever sued the government for such a situation.  They know the  
dangers.  Remember, the BATF invited the initial coverage. And how about a  
simple, remote-controlled, camera or two?  There were ways to provide media  
access.  The FBI obviously just didn't want any.

> 
> The root cause of suspicion in my mind is why 100 people wouldn't flee 
> a building that had numerous exits during the 30 minutes time it took 
> to burn down.  Or why didn't they flee hours earlier when the tear gas was 
> first introduced?  I can find no rational explanation for their behavior.
> 
I can find several.  Tear gas and smoke making it impossible to remove the  
barricades.  Flames blocking exits to the saferooms. Perhaps the gun shots were  
from the FBI, keeping them pinned in?  Who knows?

> -- 
> 

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54666
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5tnGt.224@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
writes:
> In article <1r21vqINNeb8@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De  
Arras) writes:
> >In article <C5spov.LrE@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
> >writes:
> >> In article <1r0qsrINNc61@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De  
> >Arras) writes:
> >> >In article <C5s0Ds.J54@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
> >> >writes:
> >> >> I agree that they deserved a trial.  They had more than 40 days to come 
> >> >> out and get their trial.  They chose to keep the children with them and 
> >> >> to stay inside.  They chose to stay inside even after they were tear  
> >gassed.
> >> >> I do not find these actions rational.  Even Noriega was smart enough to 
> >> >> give up and go for the trial he deserved.
> >> >> 
> >> >
> >> >Mr. Roby, you are a government sucking heartless bastard.  
> >> 
> >> Unworthy of comment.
> >
> >But apparently true.  My opinion, only, of course.
> 
> So, your opinion is truth.  I see...  :-)
> 

Still mastering the language, eh?  Notice the use of "apparently".

> >> >Humans died  
> >> >yesterday, humans who would not have died if the FBI had not taken the 
> >> >actions  
> >> >they did.  That is the undeniable truth.  I cried for them.  
> >> 
> >> Nor would they have died if they had come out with their hands empty.
> >> That is undeniable truth.  
> >
> >No, it is not.  It is possible the FBI planned for this to happen, and the  
> >gunfire heard was the FBI keeping the folks inside.  I'm not proposing this  
as  
> >the way it went down, but just to point out that it's not "undeniable" that  
if  
> >they walked out yesterday, they would be alive today.
> 
> You can believe that if you wish.  It is undeniable, however, that people 
> have left the compound unharmed and alive earier in the standoff.
> 
> And since their leader was preaching that they would have an apocalypse, you 
> can not say undeniably that there wouldn't have been a mass suicide if the 
> FBI had simply stayed outside and waited another 51 days.
> 

I'm not denying that at all.  But every day is another chance for a good  
ending, why push it?  Mr. Roby, you are going to die, anyway, why not today?   
Every moment of life is precious.

> >> My heart bleeds just as much as yours for 
> >> the children who were never released given 51 days of ample opportunities 
> >> to do so.  My heart also bleeds for people so blinded by religious  
devotion 
> >> to not have the common sense to leave the compound when tanks came up 
> >> and started dropping in tear gas early in the morning.
> >
> >My heart "bleeds" for no one.  You are the "bleeding heart".  And I'm sure  
> >beyond any possible doubt that you do not feel for those people as I do.   
You  
> >can not say the heartless things you have said if you did.
> 
> I am the heartless bleeding heart?  You are not making sense.

No, you are the heartless "bleeding heart".  A flaming liberal who "cares  
deeply", who "feels your pain".

> You seem to have no concern that someone would keep children inside this 
> compound when they had 51 days to let them out.  That sounds pretty heartless 
> to me.
> 

You have continually raised this issue, without any understanding of the bonds  
between parent and child.  It is not easy to say a final goodbye to your  
children, I do not think I could do it, either.  If that makes me heartless, so  
be it.  How many children do you have?  I have three.


> I just heard on the news that some of the survivors regret they hadn't 
> stayed in the inferno to prove their loyalty to Koresh.  This makes me 
> sad and sick.
> 

It just makes me sad.  I never claimed Koresh was an angel.

> >> >You seem to say  
> >> >they got what they deserved.
> >> 
> >> I do not think this.  However, if they did set the fire (which started in 
> >> more than one place and spread very quickly), then they got what they 
> >> wanted and put into motion themselves.
> >
> >"they got what they wanted".  What kind of creature are you that you can  
> >believe this?
> 
> Have you ever heard of Jonestown?
> The sad thing is the people inside the compound were the authority 
> worshipers and their only authority was Koresh/Howell.   If these 
> people were able to think for themselves, there would likely be a lot 
> more survivors today.  Koresh preached a fiery apocalypse as early as 
> last year.
> 

I made the same authority worshiper point about you a few lines back.  And once  
again, Jonestown, however sick it was, was doing OK, until "the Authorities"  
showed up and pushed a fragile person over the edge.  

A bull in a china shop.

> >> I see the BATF is going to be investigated by the Justice Dept. and likely 
> >> by Arlen Spectre and congress.  This is good.  They have bungled the  
affair 
> >> from the start.
> >
> >We agree on this.  Now lets have your God, the FBI, investigated, too.
> 
> By all means, the FBI should be investigated, too.  
> BTW, I thought the second ammendment was God.  :-)
> 

Nope, the constitution in total is, for me.  If you think the RKBA is all I'm  
about, you misjudge me.

> >> >Jim
> >> >--
> >> >jmd@handheld.com
> >>  
> 
> 
> -- 
> 
Jim

--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54667
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

In article <1r19l9$7dv@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham) writes:
:What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
:had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
:
:With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
:more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
:
:With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
:mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few

I hope this is a joke... if not, here's my response:

The BATF has a history of no-knock raids with poor evidence, often resulting in
innocent people being killed or suffering injury to person or property.  I will
NOT support the BATF until they clean up their act... Maybe...  As to equipment,
the BATF has damn near anything it wants...  Their faults were in intelligence
(military and civilian definitions apply), tactics (attacking during DAYLIGHT??), methodology (the FBI stated that it is against government policy to assault
a position where there are non-combatants/potential hostages without attempting
negotiations first), and legality.  The BATF's jurisdiction is TAXES on firearms
and tobacco.  They are a branch of the department of the treasury.  They have
very curiously backed away from their claims of illegal weaponry to push the
child-abuse charges... The BATF has no jurisdiction over non-firearms/tobacco
issues! And the charges of child-abuse had been investigated in the past with
no violence and no validation.  This was a clear case of first the BATF, then
the FBI, having watched too many Rambo movies...  My opinion is that the agent
in charge should be charged with executing an illegal raid, criminal negligence,
murder, civil rights violations, and breaking his/her oath to uphold and defend
the Constitution of the US.  The warrant should be unsealed to reveal to the 
public what justification the BATF thought it had in committing an armed assault
on American citizens.  And while on the issue of investigating this issue,
the Randy Weaver case and the Johnny Lawmaster case should be investigated for
BATF wrongdoing.

James

btw, if the BATF came busting in my windows with concussion grenades, you could damn well bet I would return fire to the utmost of my ability.



-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54668
From: an030@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Broward Horne)
Subject: Re: Impeach Clinton, Reno


In a previous article, gs26@prism.gatech.EDU (Glenn R. Stone) says:

>
>Fact:  Both Janet Reno and Bill Clinton have admitted responsibility,
>       even grief, over the deaths in Waco.
>
>Fact:  Regardless of who started the fire, there are more than enough
>       things on tape to make a civil rights case against these two.
>       Cruel and unusual punishment (dying tortured rabbits on tape?)
>       come to mind.  
>
>Fact:  It is a federal felony to infringe civil rights under color of
>       law; where death is involved, this offense carries a penalty
>       of life in prison.
>
>Fact:  Impeachment is allowable for "high crimes and misdemeanors."
>       Anything that's a federal felony should qualify.
>
>Conclusion:  We have NO CHOICE, if we are an honest people, but to 
>             impeach Mr. Clinton, and remove Reno from office.


     I HEARTILY agree.  Now that the BATF warrant has been 
     unsealed, it is CLEAR that Clinton and Reno supported an
     ILLEGAL raid.  Did they not KNOW this?



     NO authority for a 'no-knock" raid
     NO authority to use helicopters.
     NO authority to search for a "drug lab"

    And, apparently, not even any authority to search for "automatic
    weapons".

     51 days of GOVERNMENT LIES.




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54669
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <dusek.735489223@shale> dusek@rtsg.mot.com (James P. Dusek) writes:
>ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig) writes:
>>or the cultists...) I think I'll quote the BBC quoting (actually voice
>>interview) one of the two British survivors. He claimed that the fire
>>started when the tanks caused an internal wooden wall/roof to collapse
>>knocking over kerosene lamps and that they had no suicide plan.
>
>	If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
>burning building?

Assuming the fire was caused by lanterns and stoves being knocked about
by the tanks pushing on the walls (would shake a building pretty good)
perhaps they didn't flee because fleeing would have meant ENTERING the
fire from the other side?  Like they were surrounded by the fire, and
rubble, which finally (combined with teargas, and combustion gasses)
overcame and enveloped them?

In other words they were TRAPPED by the flames, heat, fumes and rubble?

Does that sound plausable?  Not as dramatic as Korash forcing them to
stay, or shooting them (no shot victims found yet), but plausable...

-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54670
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Street stories

In article <1993Apr23.050442.149681@zeus.calpoly.edu>, sparker@tuba.calpoly.edu (Sean Lawrence Parker) writes:
> 
> I just caught the last bit of the street stories segment on 
> woman and guns.What caught my eye was that two woman were
> shown on the program in mass. and both were carrying 
> concealed. Can you obtain a CCW in mass.?( for the ordinary citizen )

CCW's are issued at the discretion of the police chief, so it varies
town by town.

In my town, forget about anything more than "target and sport" (carry to
and from the gun club / hunting area only) unless you're Mr. Moneybags
with Large Daily Deposits.  ("Your life isn't worth shit, but your money --
now, that's important.")  In other towns, they treat law abiding citizens
like adults.  

Secret game hint: you never know when the rules will be changed -- a change 
in police chief can throw a town from either side of the board to the other
-- fun for the whole family!

Some chiefs will grant you a "personal protection" permit if you have been
attacked or threatened.  Some other blue-suited assholes have been known to 
count this as a NEGATIVE against applicants.

It's a crap shoot, and your rights are the stakes.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54671
From: robert@isgtec.com (Robert Osborne)
Subject: Waco

Cross-posted to talk.politics.guns from can.politics:

Mark G. Salyzyn (mark@ve6mgs.ampr.org) wrote:
# cmk@world.std.com (Charles M Kozierok) writes:
# >been to Waco, Texas lately? yes, the government takes care of us
# >all, doesn't it? as long as you belong to a government-sanctioned
# >religion.
#
# Excuse me, but didn't these gun-ladden cult members threaten, shoot and kill
# some people?

They threatened no one.  Their neighbours thought they were a little
strange but all in all the kind of people you would want to live
next door to.

One version has the BATF serving a *search* warrant by jumping out
of a horse trailer with guns and tossing concussion grenades.  If
this is the true order of events then the 'cult' could not know
that a search warrant was being served and since there was no proof
that these guys were police,  the 'cult' had every right to defend
themselves.

: Torching themselves shows briliant tactics, and convinces me
: they *realy* belong in society ...

If you watch actual footage of the fire from start to finish it
is not at all clear that fire wasn't started by the tanks.  The
people who survived are claiming that the fire was started by
the tanks knocking over some kerosene lanterns.  The FBI is
claiming that the 'cult' started the fire.

'they *realy* belong in society' is a catchy phrase but
I'm personally waiting to see what the Texas Rangers have to say
about it all before I pass judgment.   Why don't you do the same.

Some more interesting facts about the Waco incident:

1)  The original assault was conducted by BATF officers wearing
    an assorted types of camouflage.  I saw, on CNN, at least
    three different types.   I would be hard pressed to identify
    a bunch of guys in 'bring-your-own' battle fatigues as
    uniformed officers of the law even if they were claiming to
    be police.
    
2)  The BATF has been lying from the beginning:
    + "We only had handguns" - the original footage showed 4 BATF
      officers on a roof top getting shot at,  one had an MP-5
      assault sub-machine gun.
    + "We were out gunned" - sub-machine guns and shotguns are the
      BEST in quarters weapon,  you can't be out gunned when you
      have the best guns available for the job.
    + "We didn't know they had guns that would shoot through doors!" -
      this one is the best,  there are very few guns that won't shoot
      through a household door,  or through a house WALL for that
      matter.  Since officers from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and
      *Firearms* should know that,  they are either lying or incredibly
      incompetent.  Not to mention criminally negligent if they are
      shooting bullets that they think will stop when the encounter
      plywood.
    + "We had a search warrant.  Actually, we had an arrest warrant.
       No, wait,  we had both.  Yeah, that's the ticket.
       Oh, and they're child molesters too.  And they make *drugs*.
       Did we mention we think they have rocket launchers."
      - The story from BATF and FBI spokespeople has changed daily
      and their claims were getting increasingly outrageous.
      
3)  Throughout the siege the FBI and BATF have be claiming that one
    of their biggest concerns was that Koresh and his followers would
    mass suicide.   Now they are claiming that that's what he did
    AND that they are surprised that he did.  Huh?

All in all I think that anything the FBI and BATF say should be
taken with a grain or two of salt.

Rob.
--
Robert A. Osborne   ...!uunet.ca!isgtec!robert or robert@isgtec.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54672
From: HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In <1r2cat$5a9@geraldo.cc.utexas.edu> mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu writes:

> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
> :mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
> :
> :> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day
> :> in Texas. 
> :
> :Do YOU eat all your food cold?
> 
> Thank you for pointing out the obvious to people who so clearly missed it.
> I can't stand it when people's first reaction is to defend the aggressor.

  Minor quibble:  The assualt (and it was one) began near dawn.  The fire did
not break out for several hours.  I find it highly unlikely that the BD would
be cooking lunch while armored vehicles punch holes in their house and are
pumping in tear gas.  The lantern story makes more sense, except the fire 
seemed to spread too quickly, even given the nature of the buildings and the
very high winds.  And it was daylight, but I guess in the innner recesses it
could be dark--shutters probably closed as well.

  Which puts us back to the FBI did it, or the BD did it, or some other screw-
up occured, which is quite possible.

  The problem with the FBI as a monolithic entity doing it is that it requires
*everybody* involved to keep their mouths shut.  While they tended to behave 
like total idiots, that does not make them homocidal maniacs, either.  And if
it was one nutcase agent, then it serves no purpose to blame the whole agency.

  I can believe that a real nut-case like a Koresh would start such a fire,
but I'm far from convinced he actually did so.

  Then again, I rarely go off making blanket condemnations and pronouncments
within 2 hours of a very confusing incident over 175 miles away...

semper fi,

Jammer Jim Miller 
Texas A&M University '89 and '91
________________________________________________________________________________
 I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
"Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing System."
 "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
      ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54674
From: jim.wray@yob.sccsi.com (Jim Wray)
Subject: BATF/FBI revenge


Jason Kratz writing:

...
JK>If they had rocket launchers and such (as the press and gov claims) why
JK>shouldn't they have done something?  What possible use would a religious cult
JK>have for a rocket launcher?  Also, is child abuse covered by the Bill of
JK>Rights?
...

This is taken a little out of context and I'm not flaming Jason...it's just
that this was the proverbial straw....

I grow a little weary of the allegations (here, the media, people on the
street) that the BD's had all these "horrible illegal weapons and other
paraphenalia of destruction capable of blowing tanks 50 feet into the air..."
and then, without missing a beat, discuss how the BD's willfully commited
mass suicide, or killed their own less fanatical and *then* commited mass
suicide, etc., etc.

If the BD's had all these things and intended to "blow up their abode, blow up
Waco, blow up the entire country, or whatever suits your fancy, what happened
to all the violence they were supposed to unleash? Why wouldn't they have "gone
out in the proverbial blaze of glory" and "come out shooting" with an attitude
of "let's take as many of those dogs as possible with us"?

Instead, they seemed to have preferred death to whatever they thought was in
store for them at the government's hands.

It's totally immaterial whether they were all crazy, all fanatics, all followers
of the antichrist, haters of the government, practicers of weird lifestyles, or
whatever...they must have felt that they were being pressured into renouncing
their beliefs, however how strange or lunatic those beliefs might appear to "you
and me". There is much precedent for such devotion to cause.

My conclusion at this point is that the "authorities" seriously misread their
danger to society (else why did the BD's not do as suggested above) and/or chose
this incident to make some heinous point or satisfy some internal agenda, up to
and including AG J. Renbo using this as an opportunity to assert her manhood.

Some people really do believe it is better to die than be subjected to what
they perceive as the godless government. When I force myself to not judge
others by my own personal standards and beliefs, I can almost admire their
stand.

I surely believe in the Constitution but I don't know that I have such strength
of conviction as evidenced by the BD's.
---
 . OLX 2.2 . Obesa non cantatis!
                          
----
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Ye Olde Bailey BBS   713-520-1569 (V.32bis) 713-520-9566 (V.32bis)     |
|   Houston,Texas          yob.sccsi.com       Home of alt.cosuard       |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54675
From: Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no>
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)



Chemical weapons are not concidered a *very* effectiv weapon against
millitary forces. On civillians on the other hand....

That's one GOOD reason for banning it.

You need VAST amounts of chemicals to be affective, so the best reason
to have/use it is price. (that's why it's called The Poor Mans A-bomb)

Any thoughts on Bio-weapons ??	

If this discusion is about civillians having chem-weapons;
What should they use them on?? Rob a bank ??



	This is not a .signature.
	It's merely a computergenerated text to waste bandwith
	and to bring down the evil Internet.


                        Thomas Parsli
                        thomasp@ifi.uio.no

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54676
From: donb@netcom.com (Don Baldwin)
Subject: Re: Ax the ATF

In article <1r1ito$4t@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
 writes:
>> It's hard to know what/who to believe.  However, the letter I received from
>> the BATF, in response to one I sent to Bentsen, said that there was a search
>> warrant AND an arrest warrant.
>
>Check again.  You may find that the arrest warrant was issued AFTER the
>first firefight.

The letter implies that both warrants were issued before the Feb 28th
shootout but doesn't say so exlicitly.  ACK!

    don


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54677
From: HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In <1r3efjINN3jj@gap.caltech.edu> arc@cco.caltech.edu writes:

> Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
> >I also believe Texas has some of the most liberal 'gun-laws' in USA......
> 
> In Texas, you cannot carry a handgun.  Period.  Either concealed or open.

  Currently, there is a bill before the Texas legislature that would make it
legal for some ordinary folks to carry concealed weapons.  I don't have the
details, sorry.

semper fi,

Jammer Jim Miller 
Texas A&M University '89 and '91
________________________________________________________________________________
 I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
"Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing System."
 "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
      ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54678
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <3876@nlsun1.oracle.nl>, jdurbin@nl.oracle.com (Jason Durbin) writes:
> If even half the speculations of conspiracy made about this are
> true, then I would expect that you people should be calling for
> the ATF, FBI, Texas Rangers, Congress and all branches of the
> US government to be immediately and completey disbanded  --  no
> exceptions. 

Well, we're not.  Which goes to prove you still don't understand what
we're saying here.

> Jeez, do you people really beleive all this crap? Do you also beleive
> in the Zionist Occupation Government and the tooth fairy?

I've lived through the bombing of Cambodia; My Lai; inflated body counts
in VietNam; the funding of Noreiga; Watergate; Contragate; Chappaquiddick;
Kent State; domestic spying by the CIA; Edwin Meese's Pornography 
Commission; the War on Drugs; civil seizure; the MOVE disaster; the LA 
disaster; and now Waco.

Do you really believe that government always does what is right?

> Admittedly mistakes were made but why attribute them to malice rather
> than stupidity?

Watch the news for the next couple of months.  Watch how this whole
government-initiated debacle turns into shouting for "more gun control."
It's already started.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54681
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Re: WI and IL firearms law Questions


|Question #2

|As I understand it, in Evanston, IL, they have a ordinance banning handguns.
|Is there any way to get around this provision?

Why don't you call the City and ask? Oak Park also has an illegal handgun
ban as well, but does allow those with a "collectors FFL" to possess
("collectible?") handguns.

|What would the penalty if you were found out be?

Probably a fine in practical terms.

|What if you used said handgun in a defensive shooting in your apartment 
|there?  How would the city law apply to your impending 
|trial for the shooting?

It wouldn't impede your defense at all. There was an actual incident
in Oak Park where a gas station owner engaged in a shootout with a
handgun; the grand jury decided not to presecute. On the other hand,
a black man used an illegally owned handgun in Oak Park to defend
himself, and the Village tried to make an example out of him. An NRA
Director who lived there made a stink about this, and it was decided
not to charge the guy. Of course, pissing off anti-gun police thugs
has it's own drawbacks, like when the Oak Park Police Chief came to his
house, and told him: "this is stepping over the line; this could get
dangerous for you." Whereupon the few black Oak Park police officers
watched over his house to ensure that the white anti-gun police chief
and his anti-gun cronies wouldn't f*ck with him, his home or family.

|Also, what is IL state law concerning short barreled weapons?  Short barreled
|shotgun is what I would be interested in if a handgun were not available, 
|either that or a shortened 9mm carbine (ie Colt, Marlin).  

L.V. Cipriani states that the "Any other weapon" category is allowed,
but the exact relationship between an Ithaca Auto-burgular, which I
believe is in the "Any other weapon" category and a chopped barrel
H&K HK-94 (Class 3 for sure) is not clear to me...

|One more thing, what is the chance of getting a CCW permit in IL without being
|rich or famous or related to the mayor?

In your dreams, buddy. As long as Democrats reign in Chicago, Illinois
residents will always be disarmed and helpless in the streets. Politicians
get around this by provisions in the law that allow them to carry
concealed weapons. Voters in Chicago are too stupid to vote these a**holes
out of office; because the Dems are always in power, the Illinois 
Supreme Court is always tilted to the Democratic Party's views on guns.
[All candidates supported by political consultant David Axelrod are
anti-gun, which explains anti-RKBA Crook County States Attorney 
Jack(ass) O'Malley being a so-called "Republican."]

Get rid of the Chicago Democrats, get rid of their members on the IL
Judiciary, and you got a fighting chance of a preemption law and a CCW
law...

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54682
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??

In article <C5y9x7.7v0@well.sf.ca.us>, seelowe@well.sf.ca.us (Hudson H Luce) writes:

>  I suggest another name change:

>    Thomas Parsli .... to .... Vidkun Quisling

This is really uncalled for.

You cannot expect a European, growing up in a culture of "rulers" and 
"subjects," to immediately grasp the concepts of individual independence
and citizen sovereignity in the US.

He's less at fault than the countrymen we have here who also can't grasp it.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54683
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Once upon a time ...

In article <1993Apr23.184027.4401@swan.pyr>, cgwillme@pyr.swan.ac.uk (r b willmersdorf) writes:
> american and european universities were full of Angry Young People(tm)
> that wanted to overthrow the government, and wouldn't think twice
> about lobbing a molotov cocktail at the national guard (military police
> in Europe.)

> Certainly, it would have been very bad form to take anything
> the System(tm) said at face value.

> This was in the end of the sixties and the begining of the seventies,
> I'm told. I was too young to remember.

> Something wrong happened along the way, I'm afraid.  Maybe the west
> became just too comfortable, or maybe I was born too late :(

> Yours, disappointed with with the youth of today,

Isn't it ironic.  I'm of that generation, and I remember the lesson.  I
cry to see all the postings from domestic .edu sites that have naively
swallowed everything the government has seen fit to feed to them.
Especially contrasted to such a post from the .uk yet.

>     2) There *is* a difference between lining up 90 people against the
>        wall and executing them, and causing their deaths through negligence/
>        imcompetence.  I honestly hope we witnessed the latter.  As they say,
>        the alternative is too horrible to contemplate.

I suspect we saw the latter.  However, the injustice implied in letting
those involved escape without investigation and/or prosecution is also
horrible to contemplate.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54684
From: mjp@watson.ibm.com (Michael Phelps)
Subject: Re: Need Senate Bill numbers and House Resolution numbers


Try the firearms archive.  Larry Cipriani's instructions follow.  By
the way, thanks for the archive Larry..

This year is the 103rd congress directory.

----------------------------
From
watson!yktnews.watson.ibm.com!newsgate.watson.ibm.com!news.ans.net!howland.r
reston.ans.net!bogus.sura.net!darwin.sura.net!dtix.dt.navy.mil!mimsy!cbvox1.
.att.com!lvc Thu Apr  8 19:41:01 1993
Article: 40039 of talk.politics.guns
Path:
watson!yktnews.watson.ibm.com!newsgate.watson.ibm.com!news.ans.net!howland.r
reston.ans.net!bogus.sura.net!darwin.sura.net!dtix.dt.navy.mil!mimsy!cbvox1.
.att.com!lvc
From: lvc@cbvox1.att.com
Newsgroups: talk.politics.guns
Subject: Information about the anonymous ftp RKBA archive
Message-ID: <1993Apr8.182924.7274@cbnews.cb.att.com>
Date: 8 Apr 93 22:50:09 GMT
Sender: magnum@mimsy.umd.edu
Organization: Ideology Busters, Inc.
Lines: 1795

This is the INDEX file for the anonymous ftp RKBA archive.
The archive site has been moved and is now at:

	godiva.nectar.cs.cmu.edu
	
in the directory

	/usr0/anon/pub/firearms/politics/rkba

This archive is accessible only via anonymous ftp; instructions for
anonymous ftp are at the end of this file.

An email server is available at another site, and as a result is
not completely in sync with this archive.  To get the index for
the rkba email-server send:

	get rkba index

as the body of a message to listserv@mainstream.com

For help send:

	help

If you have any additions or suggestions for improvement to the
RKBA archive please let me know.
--
Larry Cipriani, att!cbvox1!lvc or l.v.cipriani@att.com

----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: rkba82

Report of the Subcommittee on the Constitution of the Committee on
the Judiciary, United States Senate, Ninety-seventh Congress, Second
Session, February, 1982
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HCR11

House Concurrent Resolution 11 by Mr. Crane, January 3, 1991

Expressing the sense of the Congress with respect to the right of all
Americans to keep and bear arms in defense of life or liberty and in
pursuit of all other legitimate endeavors.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HJR438

House Joint Resolution 438 by Mr. Major Owens, March 11, 1992

Proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States
repealing the Second Amendment to the Constitution; includes comments
by Owens entered into the Congressional Record.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR1133

House Bill 1133 by Mr. Goodling, February 27, 1991

To amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit transfer of firearm to,
or possession of a firearm by, a person convicted of a drug crime, and to
provide enhanced penalties for possession of a firearm during a drug crime.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR1354

House Bill 1354 by Mr. Scheuer, March 7, 1991

To end the use of steel jaw leghold traps on animals in the United States.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR1412

House Bill 1412 by Mr. Staggers, March 13, 1991

To amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the establishment
of a national hotline which a Federal Firearms licensee may contact to
learn if receipt of a handgun by a prospective transferee is prohibited,
and to require such a licensee to contact the hotline before the transfer
of a handgun to a nonlicensee.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR1559

House Bill 1559 by Mr. Gibbons, March 21, 1991

To prohibit the importation of semiautomatic assault weapons, large
capacity ammunition feeding devices, and certain accessories.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR1770

House Bill 1770 by Mr. Smith of Florida, April 15, 1991

To amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit certain handguns
which are unsuitable for lawful sporting purposes.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR19

House Bill 19 by Mr. Hughes January 3, 1991

To prohibit the possession, transfer, and certain exports of restricted
weapons, the manufacture of firearms capable of accepting a silencer or
bayonet without alteration, and the possession and transfer of large
capacity ammunition feeding devices, and for other purposes.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR282

House Bill 282 by Mrs. Collins, January 3, 1991

To provide for the mandatory registration of handguns.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR2922

House Bill 2922 by Mr. Cardin, July 17, 1991

To amend the Public Health Service Act to establish an entitlement of
States
and certain political subdivisions of States to receive grants for the
abatement of health hazards associated with lead-based paint, and to amend
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to impose an excise tax and establish a
trust fund to satisfy the Federal obligations arising from such
entitlement.

[This bill would impose upto a $0.75/pound tax on all new lead, and
$0.37/pound tax on recycled lead.]
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR318

House Bill 318 by Mr. Dornan, January 3, 1991

To amend the Animal Welfare Act to prohibit dog racing and dog training
involving the use of live animals as visual lure and to make such Act
applicable to facilities that are used for dog racing or dog race training.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR3371

House Bill 3371
			
"The Violent Crime Prevention Act of 1991"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR371

House Bill 371 by Mr. Marlenee, January 3, 1991

To protect persons engaged in a lawful hunt within a national forest;
establishing an administrative civil remedy against individuals or groups
intentionally obstructing, impeding, or interfering with the conduct of a
lawful hunt; and for other purposes.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/101st/HR4079

House Bill 4079 by Mr. Gingrich, February 22, 1990

To provide swift and certain punishment for criminals in order
to deter violent crime and rid America of illegal drug use.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR436

House Bill 436 by Mr. Weiss, January 3, 1991

To prohibit the manufacture, transfer, or importation of .25 caliber
and .32 caliber ammunition.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR465

House Bill 465 by Mr. Rangel, January 7, 1991

To prohibit certain exports of fully automatic or semiautomatic
assault weapons.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR4897

House Bill 4897 by Mr. Cunningham, April 9, 1992

To amend title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968
to deny grant funds to States unless law enforcement officers are permitted
to carry concealed firearms.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR5633

House Bill 5633 by Mr. Schumer, July 21, 1992

To amend title 18, United States Code, to expand the scope of the multiple
firearms sales reporting requirement, and to require that persons comply
with State and local firearms licensing laws before receiving a Federal
license to deal in firearms.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR5807

House Bill 5807 by Mr. Schumer, August 10, 1992

To impose criminal penalties upon the failure of a Federal firearms
licensee to report to appropriate authorities the loss or theft of a
firearm from the inventory or collection of the licensee.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR7

House Bill 7 by Mr. Feighan

To require a waiting period before the purchase of a handgun;
also known as "The Brady Bill"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR750

House Bill 750 by Mr. Russo, January 30, 1991

To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 to provide that the excise tax
on handguns will be transferred to a trust fund to be used for purposes of
providing compensation to victims of crime, and for other purposes.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S214

Senate Bill 214 by Mr. Hatch, January 15, 1991

To provide procedures for calling Federal constitutional 
conventions under article V for the purpose of proposing 
amendments to the United States Constitution.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S2304

Senate Bill 2304 by Mr. Lautenberg, March 3, 1992

To amend title 18, United States Code, to permanently prohibit the
possession of firearms by persons who have been convicted of a violent
felony, and for other purposes.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S257

Senate Bill 257

To require a waiting period before the purchase of a handgun.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S2813

Senate Bill 2813 by Mr. Gore, June 4, 1992

To establish in the Government Printing Office an electronic
gateway to provide public access to a wide range of Federal
databases containing public information stored electronically.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S2913

Senate Bill 2913 by Mr. Chafee, June 30 1992

To prohibit the manufacture, importation, exportation, sale,
purchase, transfer, receipt, possession, or transportation of
handguns and ammunition, with certain exceptions.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S3282

Senate Bill 3282 by Mr. Mitchell, September 28 1992

To amend title 18, United States Code, to require a waiting period
before the purchase of a handgun.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/101st/S386

Senate Bill 386 by Mr. Metzenbaum, February 8, 1989

To control the sale and use of assault weapons.                
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S51

Senate Bill 51 by Mr. Moynihan, January 14, 1991

To prohibit the manufacture, transfer, or importation of .25 caliber
and .32 caliber and 9 millimeter ammunition.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S634

Senate Bill 634 by Mr. Symms, March 13, 1991

To amend chapter 44, title 18, United States Code, to provide clarification
of limitations on controls of firearms, and to prohibit the use of Federal
funds to political subdivisions which implement certain gun control ordi-
nances.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/101st/S747

Senate Bill 747 by Mr. DeConcini,

To amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, regarding
assault weapons.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S789

Senate Bill 789, by Mr. Moynihan, April 9, 1991

To prohibit the importation of semiautomatic assault weapons, large
capacity ammunition feeding devices, and certain accessories.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S892

Senate Bill 892, By Mr. Metzenbaum, April 23, 1991

To amend title 15, United States Code, to authorize the Consumer Product
Safety Commission to regulate the risk of injury associated with firearms.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S918

Senate Bill 918, by Mr. Packwood, April 24, 1991

The amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt small manufacturers,
producers, and importers from the firearms excise tax.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/HCR3

House Concurrent Resolution 3, by Mr. Crane, January 5, 1993
Expressing the sense of the Congress with respect to the right of all
Americans to keep and bear arms in defense of life or liberty and in the
pursuit of all other legitimate endeavors.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/HJR81

House Joint Resolution, by Mr. Owens, January 27, 1993
Proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States
repealing the Second Amendment to the Constitution.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/HR277

House Bill 277, by Mr. Mazolli, January 5, 1993 

To amend title 18, United States Code, to require a waiting period 
before the purchase of a handgun. 
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/HR544

House Bill 544, by Mr. Torricelli, January 21, 1993

To amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the transfer of 2 or
more handguns to an individual in any 30-day period.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/HR661

House Bill 661, by Mrs. Collins, January 27, 1993

To provide for the manufacturer, importer, or dealer of a handgun or an
assault weapon to be held strictly liable for damages that result from the
use of the handgun or assault weapon.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/HR737

House Bill 737, by Mr. REYNOLDS, February 2, 1993

To provide for the manufacturer or importer of a handgun or an assault
weapon to be held strictly liable for damages that result from the use
of the handgun or assault weapon, and to amend the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986 to increase the excise tax on firearms and use a portion
of the revenues from such tax to assist hospitals in urban areas to
provide medical care to gunshot victims who are not covered under any
health
plan.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/HR1025

House Bill 1025, by Mr. Schumer, February 22, 1993

To provide for a waiting period before the purchase of a hadgun,
and for the establishment of a national instant criminal
background check system to be contacted by firearms dealers
before the transfer of any firearm.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/S108

Senate Bill 108, by Mr. Moynihan, January 21, 1993

To prohibit the importation of semiautomatic assault weapons, large
capacity ammunition feeding devices, and certain accessories.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/S109

Senate Bill 109, by Mr. Moynihan, January 21, 1993

To amend section 923 of title 18, United States Code, to require the
keeping
of records with respect to dispositions of ammunition, and to require a
study
of the use and possible regulation of sales of ammunition.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/S178

Senate Bill 178, by Mr. Moynihan, January 21, 1993

To amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the
manufacture, transfer, or importation of .25 caliber and .32 caliber
and 9 millimeter ammunition.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/S179

Senate Bill 179, by Mr. Moynihan, January 21, 1993

To tax 9 millimeter, .25 caliber, and .32 caliber bullets.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/S376

Senate Bill 376, by Mr. Lautenberg, February 16, 1993

To prohibit the transfer of 2 or more handguns to an individual in any
30-day period.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/S414

Senate Bill 414, by Mr. Metzenbaum, February 24, 1993 

To amend title 18, United States Code, to require a waiting period
before the purchase of a handgun. 
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: gun-free-zones

Text of the GUN FREE SCHOOL ZONES ACT OF 1990 from PUBLIC LAW 101-647
NOV. 29, 1990
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: aclu

A collection of articles on the ACLU's position on gun control.
Included is ACLU Policy Statement #47 which gives the ACLU interpretation
of the Second Amendment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: dcm-info

A collection of articles explaining the Civilian Marksmanship Program.
In other words, "Why does the United States Department of Defense sell
battle rifles to civilians ? "
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: dial911

"Dial 911 and Die!"  By Aaron Zelman and Jay Simkin of Jews for the
Preservation of Firearms Ownership (JPFO)
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: fija-info

The Fully Informed Jury Amendment, and what it means to gun owners
and the right to keep and bear arms.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: whitemanslaw

White Man's Law by William R. Tonso, from the December 1985
Reason magazine
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: jefferson

The First Inaugural Address of Thomas Jefferson, 2nd president of the
United States.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: jewishistory

Jewish History Rufutes Gun Control Activists, by Elliot Rothenberg
from the February 1988 *American Rifleman*.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: law-abiding

The Law-Abiding Gun Owner as Domestic and Acquaintance Murderer
from "Guns, Murders, and the Constitution: A Realistic Assessment of
Gun Control," by Don B. Kates, February, 1990, pp.45-49.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: second-ideology

"The Second Amendment and the Ideology of Self-Protection" by
Don B. Kates, Jr.  Reprinted from CONSTITUTIONAL COMMENTARY,
Vol. 9. No. 1. Winter 1992, (c) 1992 by Constitutional Commentary,

Kates puts the Second Amendment and philosophies of self-protection
into a historical perspective
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: new-understa

Toward a New Understanding of the Second Amendment, by David T. Hardy
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: to-bear-arms

"To Bear Arms for Self Defense: Our Second Amendment Heritage" by
Stephen P. Halbrook.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: no-treason

No Treason, The Constitution of No Authority by Lysander Spooner
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: resistance

Excerpts from the study "Crime Control Through the Use of Armed Force",
by Associate Professor Dr. Gary Kleck, Florida State University School
of Criminology, published in the February 1988 issue of SOCIAL PROBLEMS.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: waitper-qna

Waiting Period -- Questions and Answers by Handgun Control, Inc. (HCI)
and Citizens for Safe Government (CSG)
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: warsaw

"The Warsaw Ghetto; 10 Handguns Against Tyranny",
by Dr. David I Caplan from February, 1988 American Rifleman.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: wethepeople

Supreme Court interpretations of the Second Amendment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: sc-ftp

How to retreive Supreme Court decisions via anonymous ftp.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: alternative-policy

ALTERNATIVE POLICY FUTURES by Franklin E. Zimring
from THE ANNALS OF THE AMERICAN ACADEMY OF POLITICAL AND SOCIAL SCIENCE.
Volume 455, May 1981; published by The American Academy of Political
and Social Science; 1981.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: embarassing.2nd.amendment

The Embarassing Second Amendment by Sanford Levinson, Yale Law Journal
Volume 99, pp 637-659 (1989)
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nra800

Phone numbers for the NRA, many are toll-free 800 numbers
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nradrugs

A collection of articles on the NRA's position on the War on Drugs.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: fl-aw-part1

Florida A.W. Commission - Exec Summary Part 1,
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: fl-aw-part2

Florida A.W. Commission - Exec Summary Part 2,
STOCKTON -- THE FACTS  by Martin L. Fackler, MD
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: iwba

Information about the International Wound Ballistics Association,
Martin Fackler, president
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: gunshyjudges

Gun-Shy Judges by Jacob Sullum, from the May 1991 issue of Reason Magazine
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: heatofmoment

In the Heat of the Moment, By James D. Wright
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: racist-soil

Article "Gun Control Sprouts from Racist Soil." by Roy Innis,
from the Wall Street Journal 11/21/91
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: core-policy

"Bearing Arms for Self-Defense -- A Human and Civil Right" by
Roy Innis, National Chairman, Congress of Racial Equality (CORE)
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: righttobear

The Right to Bear Arms By Sanford Levinson from the
Daily News, Ft Walton Beach, FL.  (1991)
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: rock-island

United States of America v. Rock Island Armory, US District Court for
the Central District of IL; the court ruled that making a post '86
machine gun is not illegal -- believe it or not.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: dalton

United States of America v. John William Dalton, US Court of Appeals,
Tenth Circuit, 91-1149; the court ruled that owning or transferring
a post '86 machine gun is not punishable under the NFA -- believe it
or not.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: waitdanger

Why Gun Waiting Periods Threaten Public Safety By David B. Kopel,
March 25, 1991
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: aw-qna

Assault Weapon Questions & Answers
by Handgun Control, Inc. and Citizens for Safe Government (CSG)
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ccw-survey

A state by state survey of Carrying Concealed Weapons laws.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: us-vs-miller

United States vs. Miller et al., Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Western District of Arkansas.

Argued March 30, 1939 -- Decided May 15, 1939
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: presser

The history of Presser v Illinois is a fascinating exercise of how
politically based decisions on our Constitutional rights have come back
to haunt us.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: cia-ncbh

A column by Neal Knox presenting evidence that former CIA agent
Edwin O. Welles played a major role in founding HCI and NCBH.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: conphone

A list of voice and fax phone number for representatives and senators.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: billofrights

The first 10 articles of amendment to the United States Constitution.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: constitution

The Constitution of the United States of America
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: decl-of-indp

The Declaration of Independence
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: dont-wait

"Criminals Don't Wait -- Why Should You ?" from the NRA.  Exposes the
fraudulent arguments made for waiting periods.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: external

Positive Externalities of Gun Ownership, by John Kell, from
"The Freeman: Ideas on Liberty, October 1991 "
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: english-hist

Firearms Legislation in Great Britain, by Jan A. Stevenson
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: simkin

"Control Criminals, Not Guns" by Jay Edward Simkin found in the
March, 25 1991 [or '92?] Wall Street Journal:
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: unabridged

The Unabridged Second Amendment, by J. Neil Schulman

An interview with Roy Copperud, retired professor of journalism at
USC and author of "American Usage and Style: The Consensus".  Copperud
offers his professional opinion on the meaning of the Second Amendment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: uzitruth

A letter from J. Harper Wilson, Director FBI Uniform Crime Reporting
Program to Paul H. Blackman, Research Coordinator of the NRA stating
that only one police officer, of Puerto Rico, was shot and killed with
a semi-automatic 9mm Model A Uzi.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: maketheirday

"How to Make Their Day" by Don B. Kates Jr. and Patricia Terrell Harris
in the National Review, October 21, 1991

Kates and Harris debunk several myths about firearms, criminals, and
violence.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: two-myths

Two myths of gun control from "Point Blank: Guns and Violence in
America" by Gary Kleck.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: aw-not-problem

"Assault Weapons Aren't the Problem", by Gary Kleck, published in
The New York Times Tuesday, September 1, 1992
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: oregon-study

1990 Oregon Study of Retail Firearm Sales and CHL Licensing
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: children

Fighting for Children's Hearts and Minds by Robert Pew, American
Rifleman - April 1992

Discusses how HCI and it's Center to Prevent Handgun Violence
have set out to use public schools as forums for their anti-gun
propaganda.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: gunssputter

"Guns and Sputter" by James D. Wright, from July 1989 issue of REASON.
Wright exposes the flaws in the New England Journal of Medicine study
comparing the homicide rates of Seattle and Vancouver.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nejm-info

A collection of articles and information on the New England Journal of
Medicine Vancouver/Seattle handgun crime comparison study.

See also the file gunssputter, authored by James Wright.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: dcstudy.1

The New England Journal of Medicine. 1991 Dec 5. 325 (23).
pp 1647-1650.
Editorials: Firearms And The Killing Threshold.
Kassirer-Jerome-P.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: dcstudy.2

The New England Journal of Medicine. 1991 Dec 5. 325 (23).
pp 1615-1620.
Special Article: Effects Of Restrictive Licensing Of
Handguns On Homicide And Suicide In The District Of Columbia.
Loftin-Colin.  McDowall-David.  Wiersema-Brian.  Cottey-Talbert-J.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nejm-editorial

The New England Journal of Medicine. 1988 Nov 10. 319 (19).
pp 1283-1285.
Editorial: Firearm Injuries: A Call For Science.
Mercy-James-A. Houk-Vernon-N.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nejm-letters

The New England Journal of Medicine. 1989 May 4. 320 (18).
pp 1214-1217.
Correspondence: Handgun Regulations, Crime, Assaults, And
Homicide: A Tale Of Two Cities.
Blackman-Paul-H. Hagen-Tim.  Morris-David-C.
Stolinsky-David-C. Tirer-Samuel.  Gryder-John-W.
Kuziak-John-D. Sloan-John-H. Kellerman-Arthur-L-Kellermann.
Rivara-Fred-P. Koepsell-Thomas.  Reay-Donald-T.
LoGerfo-James-P. Rice-Charles.  Ferris-James-A. Gray-Laurel-
A. Mercy-James-A. Houk-Vernon-N.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: suicide.1

The New England Journal of Medicine. 1990 Feb 8. 322 (6).
pp 369-373.
Special Article: Firearm Regulations And Rates Of Suicide:
A Comparison of Two Metropolitan Areas.
Sloan-John-Henry.  Rivara-Frederick-P. Reay-Donald-T.
Ferris-James-A-J. Kellermann-Arthur-L.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: suicide.2

The New England Journal of Medicine. 1990 Jul 12. 323 (2).
p 137.
Correspondence: Firearm Regulations and Rates of Suicide.
Blackman-Paul-H. Sloan-John-Henry.  Rivara-Frederick-P.
Kellermann-Arthur.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: totc

The New England Journal of Medicine. 1988 Nov 10. 319 (19).
pp 1256-1262.
Special Article: Handgun Regulations, Crime, Assaults, And
Homicide: A Tale of Two Cities.
Sloan-John-Henry.  Kellermann-Arthur-L. Reay-Donald-T.
Ferris-James-A. Koepsell-Thomas.  Rivara-Frederick-P.
Rice-Charles.  Gray-Laurel.  LoGerfo-James.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nra.cdc

An open letter from Paul H. Blackman, of NRA to the Director, Office
of Scientific Integrity Review, U.S. Public Health Service, detailing
why they should evaluate the integrity and competency of firearms research
conducted by and for the Centers for Disease Control (CDC).
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.000

What the RKBA.nnn files are all about.

The RKBA.nnn series are set of small (60-100 lines typically) postings
that address common questions and myths about all aspects of firearms.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.001

Accidental deaths by firearms and by other means.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
FILE: RKBA.002

Declining trend of accidental deaths by firearms
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.003

Homicide per capita in the US
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.004

Children and firearms
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.008

Annual firearm manufacture in the United States
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.010

Declaration of Independence
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.013

Trend in weapons use for robberies (1974-86)
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.014

Reasons for homicide and non-negligent manslaughter
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.015

Are firearms a leading cause of death of children?
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.016

Is the United States the most violent nation?
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.999

Complete list of all sources used for the RKBA.nnn series.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: cox-study

Analysis of the Cox Atlanta Journal Constitution, 21 May 1989 article
on Assault Weapons, by James J. Baker of NRA-ILA, before the Select
Committee on Narcotics Abuse and Control, U.S. House of Representatives.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: feder11.txt

The Federalist Papers, as transcribed by Project Gutenberg 1.1
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: great-quotes

Thomas Jefferson quotes and more ...
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: civilian

Civilian Possession of Military Firearms, by Richard A. I. Munday,
from the January/February 1988 issue of the UK Handgunner.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: good-go-bad

"When Good, Law-Abiding Citizens Go Bad", from UK Handgunner No. 46
Jan-Feb 1989.  Discusses how the rate of compliance of gun control
laws is always very low, even among otherwise law abiding citizens.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: tory-national-socialism


"Tory National Socialism", by Richard A.I. Munday, UK Handgunner,
Jul-Aug 86.  Discusses the gun control leanings of socialists of
the right.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: the-big-lie

" Gun Grabbers vs. Assault Rifles: The Big Lie" by Neal Knox,

Semi-auto military-styled "assault" rifles are not now nor have they
ever been a threat to society. These facts have been determined by
the government - but never released to the public!
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ff-47

"The Founding Fathers and the AK-47", by Sue Wimmershoff-Caplan
Discuss the question if the Founding Fathers would have approved of
the AK-47 for civilian ownership.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hcikkk

"Handgun Control, Inc., & the KKK" by David Kopel, from the Oct 91
issue of Gun World magazine.  Discusses the parallels in the hate
campaigns of the Ku Klux Klan and Handgun Control, Inc.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: rkba-orgs

A list of organizations devoted to the preservation of the Second
Amendment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: victoria

"The Gun Law Handbook" for the state of Victoria, Australia (Oct 1988).
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nra-purposes

A summary of the NRA's purposes and objectives, and positions on some
gun control issues.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ktw

A collection of articles relating to teflon coated, armor piercing
bullets.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: thompsoncenter

The Supreme Court decision in the case:

United States of America v. Thompson/Center Arms Co.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: DMN_Gratia_CCP

"Concealed weapons can prevent tragedies like Killeen's" by
Dr. Suzanna Gratia in the Dallas Morning News, Sunday April
29th, 1992
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: Knox_AW_lies

Neal Knox on how military style semi-auto's are not a threat
to public safety, how they are not fundamentally different
than ordinary hunting weapons, and how the gun grabbers are
exploiting the bad image this class of weapons has to enact
further gun control.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: WSJ_Crimestrik

"The NRA Mounts a Militant Campaign Taking Aim at Criminal-Justice
System" by Alix M. Freedman staff reporter of The Wall Street Journal.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: med-media

"Gun Prohibition in the Medical Literature - Telling the Truth?" by
Edgar A. Suter, MD ; discusses anti-gun bias in medical journals.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: toy-guns

"Court Psychologist Says Toy Guns Are Good For Children" from Gun Week,
1989. 

Glen David Skoler, court psychologist for the Arlington County, VA,
claims "toys of violence" -- including toy guns are, in fact, good
for children.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: awca89-appeal

Text of the 9th Circuit court of Appeals in the Fresno Rifle and Pistol
Club challenge to California's Roberti-Roos Assault Weapon Control Act
of 1989.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: lp92-rkba

The right to keep and bear arms plank of the 1992 National Platform of
the Libertarian Party.

And a reproduction of the Libertarian Party brochure
"Responsible Gun Ownership: Equal Rights for America's Gun Owners"

The entire 1992 National Platform of the LP is available via anonymous
ftp on think.com in the file /pub/libernet/LP/libertarian-platform-1992
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: let-july91

An article from the July/August 1991 issue of Law Enforcement Technology
with a survey of police officers on their views of gun control.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nacp-poll

A study conducted by the National Association of the Chiefs of
Police (NACP) through its American Law Enforcement Survey for 1989,
in which 16,259 chiefs of police, sheriffs and law-enforcement command
personnel were polled with a list of 30 questions, it was determined
the overwhelming majority of officers support the right of private
arms ownership, and agreed that gun bans had little effect on crime.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hci-advert

A example of the propaganda used by HCI in soliciting contributions.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hci-transcript

A transcription of the HCI video tape "America Needs a National
Handgun Control Policy"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: gartner

Michael Gartner, president of NBC News, calls for a ban on handguns
in this USA TODAY Thursday January 16th 1992 editorial.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nra-lp

A resolution passed by the voting membership of the NRA at its national
convention in Anaheim, CA stating the NRA will support third party
candidates.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: cooley

Thomas M. Cooley, LL.D., General Principles of Constitutional Law in
the United States of America, 298-299 (3rd ed. 1898), a leading 
constitutional commentator discussed the rights protected by the Second
Amendment:
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: kilpatrick

"Gun Law Might Curb Rising Murder Rate" by James Kilpatrick, St. Louis
Post-Dispatch Tuesday June 23, 1992.  Kilpatrick expresses support for
a national firearms law as proposed by C. Everett Koop, that is, a
requirement that gun owners pass a competency test, among other things.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: vanity-fair

A summary of the 10 page article on Jim and Sarah Brady which appeared
in the January '91 issue of Vanity Fair Magazine.

Question: "Was it true you wanted to get a gun to protect
	yourself against Hinckley?"

Answer Jim brady: "I had a gun"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: goldwin

"Gun Control Is Constitutional," by Robert A. Goldwin from the
Wall Street Journal edtorial page, Thrusday, December 12, 1991
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: anniston

Two articles on a murder averted in Anniston, Alabama by a man
with a CCW permit.  The importance of this event is that it closely
followed the murders by Hennard in Texas, but the media did not
cover Anniston.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: staggers-brady

A survey of public support for the Staggers Instant Background
Check and the Brady Waiting Period.  The basic finding is that
once the public understands the advantages of the instant background
check vs. the problems with the Brady waiting period support for
the Brady waiting period diminishes greatly.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: brady-vote

How Congress voted on the Staggers Instant Background Check and
the Brady Waiting period.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: vs-vote

How Congress voted on the Volkmer-Sensenbrenner Amendment to
strike the new gun control sections from the administration
crime bill.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: dc-vote

How the U.S. Senate voted on S. 2113, the repeal of the District
of Columbia's anti-gun strict liability law.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: covey

"Gun Control: Trying the Facts,  Weighing the Values" A monograph based
on "Crime, Inequality, Guns, & Equity" by Preston K. Covey, Ph.D.,
Director Center for the Advancement of Applied Ethics, Carnegie Mellon
University.

Addresses the desirability of gun bans: ethical aspects, equity issues,
and other values at stake in the management of mortal risks, deadly
force and its instruments.  
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: assays-of-bias

"Assays of Bias on the Second Amendment: The Media Elite" by
Preston K. Covey, Director Center for the Advancement of Applied
Ethics [excerpts from a longer monograph]
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: cleveland

A critique of:

ACCIDENTAL FIREARM FATALITIES IN A METROPOLITAN COUNTY (1958-1973)
Rushforth, Hirsch, Ford, and Adelson
American Journal of Epidemiology #100, 1974, pp. 499-505.


This is THE study that lies at the heart of the gun control
claim that owning a firearm for self-defense is too dangerous.
The claims that a defensive gun is X (=6 in this study)
times more likely to be used against an innocent person than
in lawful self-defense originated with this report in 1974.

by Robert I. Kesten
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: tiananmen-lessons

"LESSONS FROM TIANANMEN SQUARE" by Neal Knox reprinted from
Guns & Ammo, September 1989

Why the Second Amendment is so important, even in todays more
"progressive" era.  Included is a description of the 1932
Bonus March in Washington, DC in which Gen. Douglas MacArthur
opposed unemployed WWI veterans lobbying for the government to
immediately pay their promised Veteran's Bonus.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: forward-trace

"California FFL Dealer Defies "Forward Trace"" by Neal Talbot in
The New Gun Week, March 1, 1991.

Details how the BATF bullies FFL holders into giving BATF copies
of 4473's in violation of federal law.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: justice-stats

"Handgun Crime Victims", by Michael R. Rand, Bureau of Justice Statistics
Statistician, U.S. Department of Justice.

This Bureau of Justice Statistics Special Report describes the key findings
from an analysis of handgun crimes reported in the National Crime Survey
for 1979-87.  It describes the victims of hand-gun [sic] crime, how the
handgun was used during the crime, and the nature and extent of handgun
crime injury.  It also provides information on handgun offenders, the
location of handgun crimes, and whether the crime was reported to the
police.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: chafee

Included are:

1) Transcript of press conference with Senator John Chafee, and former
Supreme Court justice Warren Burger on S. 2913, Chafee's, handgun ban.
Also speaking was Vernon Jordan, former member of the Jimmy Carter
White House; Mayor Sharon Pratt Kelly; Michael Beard of National
Coalition to Stop Gun Violence; Michael Casserly (executive director,
Council of the Great City Schools); Dr. Carden Johnston representing
the American Academy of Pediatrics;

2) An article by Neal Knox in which he describes how Sarah Brady kicked
out HCI president Charles Orasin because of a disagreement on Chafee's
handgun ban.

3) An article on Burger's support for S. 2913.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: alarmist-view

"Gun Registration: An 'Alarmist' View" by Jon vanWormer; reprinted
from the December 1985 Guns & Ammo.  How an rkba moderate became a
radical.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: fackler-papers

A list of articles by "Col. Martin L. Fackler, M.D., F.A.C.S."
Wound Ballistics Lab, and where to write for copies of them.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: gun-war

"THE GREAT AMERICAN GUN WAR" by Barry Bruce-Briggs,
_The_Public_Interest_  No. 45, Fall 1976, pp 37-62
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: george-will

"Repeal Second Amendment and Save Lives", by George Will
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: reeves

"Drastic Steps to End the War at Home" by Richard Reeves, no date
nor publication available; placed in rkba archive 9/2/92

"Studies _Prove_ Gun Control Works" by Richard Reeves, from the
Kansas City Star, 9/28/92.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: canada-ban-list

A reproduction of a brochure from the Canadian Department of Justice
listing newly prohibited and restricted firearms (as of June 1992).

Also included is the "point system" used to determine if a firearm
should be reviewed for possible banning.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: copkiller

Lyrics to the rock song "Cop Killer" by Ice-T on the album Body Count.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: cva.1

A letter from the California Voters Alliance, asking for support in
their effort to defeat anti-gun California Assemblyman Terry Friedman,
co-author of California's waiting period law for rifles and shotguns. 
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: astrology

"CRIMINOLOGY'S ASTROLOGY: The CDC Approach to Public Health Research
on Firearms and Violence" by PAUL H. BLACKMAN, Ph.D., Institute for
Legislative Action, National Rifle Association, 1990

A paper presented at the annual meetings of the American Society of
Criminology, Baltimore, Maryland, November 7-10
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: aw-panic

The Assault Weapon Panic: "Political Correctness" Takes Aim,
at the Constitution, by Eric Morgan and David Kopel

Published by The Independence Institute, October 10, 1991
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: state-rkba

A collection of RKBA provisions from State constitutions.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: too-late

Chapter 13 "But then it was too Late" of "THEY THOUGHT THEY WERE
FREE: The Germans, 1933 - 1945", by: Milton Mayer, University of
Chicago Press
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: militia-code

The legal definition of the militia of the United States of America
taken from:

United Stated Code (USC), TITLE 10, Section 311 and Section 312.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: legal-mg-crime

Report No. 32 of the Firearms Coalition of Silver Spring, MD. 11/29/89
by Neal Knox.  Knox reports that a legally registered machine gun was
used in a drug hit.  Subsequent reports said charges were dropped for
lack of evidence.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hci-cash

HCI donation records to US Senators and Congressmen.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: paulreverenet

Information about the "Paul Revere Net", a network of 2nd Amendment
Bulletin Boards

The Paul Revere Network (PRN) is a coast-to-coast network of
committed grass-roots gun rights activists who rely upon computer
bulletin board systems for their primary mode of communication.
Leroy Pyle (NRA Director and 27-year San Jose police veteran)
is Founder and Director of the PRN.  Based in San Jose, CA,
Pyle's BBS (1:143/223) currently hubs all network message
traffic.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: gun-talk

Information about the NRA-ILA Bulletin Board "Gun Talk"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congressgrades

A grading of congressmen based their votes on 1) the Brady Bill
(HR7), 2) Staggers (HR1412) and 3) the Volkmer-Sensenbrenner amendment
to strike the anti-gun provisions from the house crime bill (HR3371).
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: lawmaster

"FEDS TRASH LAW-ABIDING GUN OWNER'S HOME", NRA official journal March
1992, by Richard E. Gardiner.  Details how the BATF raided the home of
Johnny Lawmaster in search of a non-existent unregistered M-16 auto-sear.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: point-blank

The concluding chapter to "Point Blank" by Gary Kleck.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: purdy-rapsheet

Patrick Purdy's criminal record.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: progundocs

Statement of purpose and contact information for "Doctors for Integrity
in Research & Public Policy"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: orlando

A summary of the effects of the highly publicized Orlando training
program in which over 6000 women were trained in basic pistol
marksmanship and the law of self-defense.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: form4signoff

A letter from Wayne Miller, Chief National Firearms Act Branch of
BATF stating that local law enforcement signoff on the ATF Form 4,
application for Taxpaid Transfer and Registration of Firearm [i.e.,
machine gun], is completely discretionary.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: badlands.txt

New Zealand Firearms Control by Robert Badlands.

A paper presented at a conference on Gun Control held at Melbourne
University-Union Theatre 27-28 August 1988.  The conference was
sponsored by the Sporting Shooters' Association of Australia.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: danto.txt

Issues Regarding Gun Control in America by Bruce L. Danto

A paper was presented at a conference on Gun Control held at Melbourne
University-Union Theatre 27-28 August 1988.  The conference was
sponsored by the Sporting Shooters' Association of Australia.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: fine.txt

Impediments to the Purposeful Reform of (Australian) Firearms Laws by J. D.
Fine

A paper presented at a conference on Gun Control held at Melbourne
University-Union Theatre 27-28 August 1988.  The conference was
sponsored by the Sporting Shooters' Association of Australia.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: greenwd.txt

Untitled paper by Colin Greenwood

A paper presented at a conference on Gun Control held at Melbourne
University-Union Theatre 27-28 August 1988.  The conference was
sponsored by the Sporting Shooters' Association of Australia.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: kates.txt

Gun Control: Recent Research on the American Experience by Don B. Kates,
Jr.

A paper presented at a conference on Gun Control held at Melbourne
University-Union Theatre 27-28 August 1988.  The conference was
sponsored by the Sporting Shooters' Association of Australia.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: marsden.txt

Gun Control: A Banker's Perspective, by ??? Marsden

A paper presented at a conference on Gun Control held at Melbourne
University-Union Theatre 27-28 August 1988.  The conference was
sponsored by the Sporting Shooters' Association of Australia.

Note, this paper is almost impossible to read currently as the original
would not scan well.  A more readable copy will be supplied later.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: backdoor

Back Door Gun Control by Peter Alan Kasler from the January 1993
issue of American Survival Guide magazine.

Kasler discusses four examples of innocent people whose firearms
are confiscated, and/or charged with a crime when none was committed,
as examples of how gun control is implemented in the real world.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: armed-citizen

"The Armed Citizen" feature from "The American Rifleman" and "The
American Hunter"; these stories show how firearms are indeed useful
for self-defense.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: botsford

The Case Against Gun Control by David Botsford
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: academia-bias

"Fighting Anti-Gun Bias in Academia -- an article downloaded from the
NRA-ILA BBS "Gun Talk"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: story-of-gun

"The Story of a Gun" by Erik Larson, from "The Atlantic", January 1993.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hcr**

Reports to the Firearms Coalition, by Neal Knox.

All these files are named hcr then two numbers, e.g., hcr51 for
"Report No. 51 to the Firearms Coalition"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: whose.txt

"Whose Side Are They On ?"

"Freedom From War: The United States Program For General and Complete
Disarmament in a Peaceful World." an official publication of the United
States of America government.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nccfa

Contact information for the "National Collegiate Coalition for Firearms
Awareness"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: canada

Some facts about Canadian gun control laws, gun ownership and violent
crime.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: time-letter

Time magazine's form letter response to criticism of their
"Death By Gun" issue.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: gun-in-school

"Health Objectives for the Nation: Weapon-Carrying Among High School
Students -- United States, 1990" edited by David Dodell, D.M.D.

Proposes ways to reduce carrying of firearms by high school students.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress-cover

"Congress Covers Itself But Not Public" by Paul Craig Roberts, printed
in the Cleveland Plain Dealer October 2nd, 1992.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hamper

"Restrictions hamper law abiding folks, not criminals." by
David B. Kopel, printed in the Columbus OH Dispatch, January 16th.

Points out how waiting periods can cause a great deal of harm.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: schumer-gripe

A "Washington Post" letter to the editor by Congessman Charles E. Schumer
discussing his bill, H.R. 5633, which requires law enforcement sign-off
on FFL applications.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: sof

A UPI article on a lawsuit against "Soldier of Fortune" which forced
them out of business.

This article is copyright by UPI, and archived with permission; please
respect the re-distribution prohibition.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: fl-stats

A summary of CCW permit statistics for the state of Florida, e.g.,
the number of permits issued, number revoked, number denied, etc.
This proves that people obtaining CCW permits are law abiding
citizens and are not wreckless with their firearms.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: knox-on-ruger

"Knox Replies To Comment From Ruger Counsel's" from
The New Gun Week, December 1, 1989.

Neal Knox discusses how Sturm, Ruger Inc. are willing to sacrifice the
RKBA for the benefit of their business.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: american-blacks

"Gun Control and American Blacks" by Raymond G. Kessler (pp. 476-478)

In the United States, the experience of blacks from slavery 
through the 1960's was one of the clearest and best-documented 
examples of the political functions of gun control.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nraction*

The NRA-ILAs little known newsletter "NRAction"; names will have the
month and year at the end, e.g., nraction0291.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: americamilitia

"America's Militia" by David B. Kopel, appeared in "Gun World" magazine
December 1992.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hci93agenda

The "Action Agenda for a National Gun Policy" by HCI.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hci-newsletter

The Handgun Control Semi-Annual Progress Report for December 1992.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hattoripetition

A petition written by the host family of Japanese exchange student
Yoshihiro Hattori, who was killed when he went to the wrong home for
a Halloween party:

"To protest the easy availability of firearms in the United States"

which will be presented to President Clinton.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hci-election

"What the Election Means for Our Gun Control Movement" by Sarah Brady.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: centerwall

University of Washington Pyschiatrist Dr. Brandon Centerwall writing
in the April 1989 American Journal of Epidemiology says that television 
exposure is related to half of the homicides in the United States.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: va-outrage

"An Outrage in Virginia" by Neal Knox.  Describes how BATF used a
Virginia gun dealer to general strawman sales and then later "traced"
those guns back to VA so they could claim 40% of guns they traced
came from VA.  When the dealer stopped cooperating they were convicted
of conducting strawman sales, one of the owners committed suicide.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: factcard93

The 1993 Firearms Fact Card published by the NRA-ILA
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nejm43

A letter to the editor of the Wall Street Journal by Preston Covey
on the factoid "You are 43 times more likely to kill someone you know
with a gun than a criminal."
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: gifford

An op-ed piece by Dan Gifford which appeared in the March 8 1993 issue
of the Cleveland Plain Dealer; it discusses the issue of police abuses
and citizen self defense against such abuses.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: reynolds

An editorial "Gun Makers Must Pay the Price" by Mel Reynolds (D-IL),
member US House of Representatives, which appeared in the 02/15/93
issue of the Chicago Tribune.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: pozner

"Gun Control" with Vladamir Pozner (yes, the commie) and Phil Donahue
from a Feb. 25 1993 broadcast on CNBC.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: trustpeople

CATO Institute Policy Analysis No. 109, July 11, 1988
"TRUST THE PEOPLE: THE CASE AGAINST GUN CONTROL," by David B. Kopel
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: bitterprice

The British Shooter Pays A Bitter Price, by Keith G. N. Nicholson
from the American Rifleman, March 1993.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: batman

"Cartoon Campaign for Gun Control" from the March 8th 1993 issue
of "New American"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: batfss

"Waco Shootout Evokes Memory of Warsaw '43" from the Wall Street
Journal, Monday, March 15, 1993
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: academics

Contact information for "Academics for the Second Amendment"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: propaganda

Anti-Gun-Ownership Propaganda, by Doan Boal in the March, '92 issue
of Survival Guide.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: media-fairness

Media Fairness Action Plan Is Continuing, by James H. Warner, NRA Ass't
General Counsel, from American Rifleman, March 1993, page 54.

This describes the FCC's "personal attack" rule and how the NRA may
take advantage of this rule against broadcasters who attack the NRA.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: artconf

ARTICLES OF CONFEDERATION, Proposed by Congress November 15, 1777,
Ratified and effective March 1, 1781
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: pending-bills

A list of the currently pending gun control bills in the US Seante and
House of Representatives.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: noduty

Self-Reliance For Self-Defense -- Police Protection Isn't Enough!
by Peter Kasler
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: leftout

The Second Amendment: A Right Left Out, by Doctor Linda Karen Miller
appearing in The American Rifleman, February 1993, p. 33.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: copsnguns

WHAT COPS SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THE GUN ISSUE! by Leroy Pyle,
from the May 1992 issue of Guns&Ammo.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: crossfire

A transcript of the Wednesday, March 3 1993 edition of the CNN
show CROSSFIRE.  The participants are Michael Kinsley, John Sununu,
Rep. Charles Schumer (D-NY) Criminal Justice Subcmte.,
and J.F. = Rep. Jack Fields (R-TX) 
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: naziconnection

The WAR ON GUN OWNERSHIP STILL GOES ON! -- GUN CONTROL'S NAZI CONNECTION!
by Craig Peterson from the May 1993 issue of Guns & Ammo.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: armedcriminal

The Armed Criminal in America, by James Wright, 1986.  A Research in
Brief published by the National Institute of Justice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: bigotry

"BIGOTRY, SYMBOLISM AND IDEOLOGY IN THE BATTLE OVER GUN CONTROL" by
Don Kates, from the 1992 "Public Interest Law Review"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: flmurd.ps
File: gamurd.ps
File: idmurd.ps
File: mtmurd.ps
File: nodiscr.ps
File: ormurd.ps
File: pamurd.ps
File: philmurd.ps
File: utmurd.ps
File: vamurd.ps
File: wamurd.ps
File: wvmurd.ps

CCW laws and murder rates in several states, by Clayton Cramer.  These
are all PostScript files and require the use of PostScript printer to
print.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hammer

Marion Hammer on the Failure of Gun Control, downloaded from Gun Talk.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: threechiefs

The views of Police Chiefs Daryl Gates (LA), Lee Brown (NYC), LeRoy Martin
(Chicago) on gun control and other civil rights.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

RKBA archive: general information and anonymous ftp instructions.

The moderator of the firearms-politics mailing list, Karl Kleinpaste,
has agreed to set up an anonymous ftp archive directory for RKBA
related information.  This directory can be used for things like
articles by Kates, Wright, Tonso, Levinson, Supreme Court Decisions,
the RIA vs US decision, copies of legislation, and so on.  It's not
meant to be for the discussions that normally appear here.

So, in the future if you're looking for something check there first
and then ask here.

Instructions:

Short version for techies:

The site is godiva.nectar.cs.cmu.edu.  Place contributions into the
directory /usr0/anon/pub/firearms/politics/rkba.  The ftp commands
get, put, mget, or mput should work.  Give the command "type binary"
to be sure files are transferred correctly.  Your files will be moved
to the rkba directory.  To get a file use the commands get or mget.

I will maintain an index which you should get first to check if
the file you want to read or write already is archived.

Long version for non-techies:

In order for you to use this archive your computer must be on
the Internet.  To connect to the archive site run the command:

	ftp godiva.nectar.cs.cmu.edu

If that doesn't work you cannot use this archive.  If the ftp
command is successful you'll get this prompt asking you for a
login:
	Name (godiva.nectar.cs.cmu.edu:lvc):

Instead of lvc your initials will appear.  Answer this prompt with:

	ftp

Next you'll get this prompt asking your for your e-mail address:

	Guest login ok, send e-mail address as password:

I would enter:

	l.v.cipriani@att.com

You'll enter your own e-mail address.  You'll get these lines
or similar as output:

	Remote system is UNIX.
	Using binary mode to transfer files.

Next, the command prompt is printed:

	ftp> 

If you do not get the line "Using binary mode to transfer files."
Run the command:

	type binary

Now you're logged in to the archive machine.  There are many
directories on this machine  but the two you are concerned with are

	/usr0/anon/pub/firearms/politics/rkba
and
	/usr0/anon/pub/firearms/politics/incoming

There are subdirectories to the rkba directory, those are discussed below.

When you login to the system your directory is /usr0/anon.  To retreive
files change your current directory to the rkba directory with the command:

	cd /usr0/anon/pub/firearms/politics/rkba
or
	cd pub/firearms/politics/rkba

To submit files change your directory to the incoming directory with
the command:

	cd /usr0/anon/pub/firearms/politics/incoming
or
	cd pub/firearms/politics/incoming

Once you do this you'll get another ftp> prompt asking you to enter
another command.

To find the names of the existing files in the directory you are
in run the command:

	ls -l

This will produce something like:

total 6021
-r--r--r--  1 karl          6932 Jun 16  1992 DMN_Gratia_CCP
-r--r--r--  1 karl         69149 Apr  5 19:20 INDEX
-r--r--r--  1 karl         18965 Jun 16  1992 Knox_AW_lies
-r--r--r--  1 karl         10930 Apr 30  1992 S361
-r--r--r--  1 karl          8958 Jun 16  1992 WSJ_Crimestrike
-r--r--r--  1 karl          2649 Jan 13 18:33 academia-bias
-r--r--r--  1 karl           935 Mar 22 22:38 academics
-r--r--r--  1 karl         36079 Aug  4  1992 aclu
... and so on ...

Each line corresponds to one file.  Reading right to left, the fields
are the file name, the last modification date of the file, the size of
the file in bytes, and some permission fields which you do not need
to be concerned with.

To get a file run the command "get" followed by the name of the file
you want, for example:

	get INDEX
or
	get noduty

After the file is transfered to your machine a message like this:

	Transfer complete.
	19580 bytes received in 5 seconds (4 Kbytes/s)

You can repeat the get command for every file you want to retreive.
You can use the mget command to retreive multiple files.  If the
file you want is in a subdirectory, for example, congress/103rd/HR1025
you should change your directory to the appropriate subdirectory first
and then retrieve it:

	cd congress/103rd
	get HR1025

Once you're finished you can log off with the command:

	quit

If you have a file you want to contribute the procedure is a little
different.  First of all you should find out if the file already
exists, so get a copy of the index file with the procedure above
and look it over to make sure you wouldn't repeat an entry.  The
index will have a description of each of the files in the rkba
directory.  For example:

----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: whitemanslaw

White Man's Law by William R. Tonso, from the December 1985
Reason magazine
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Once you've determined you won't be duplicating an entry, login
and change to the incoming directory command (see above).  Once
you are in the incoming directory use the command:

	put file_name

In this case:

	put whitemanslaw

Again there'll be a "Transfer complete, so many bytes transfered
in so many seconds" message.  Now your file is on the archive
machine.

Another thing to watch out for is duplicate file /names/.  Be sure
there isn't a file in the incoming directory that is called the same
as the file you want to write.  If you use the same name you'll
overwrite the previous file [or you'll get an error message].

Your file may have to be renamed if there is a conflict with a
file by the same name in the rkba directory.

Once your file is in the incoming directory send me an entry for
the INDEX file and I will add it to the file.

If you cannot use anonymous ftp and would still like to contribute
a file email the file to me and I'll take care of the rest.

If you submit a file and do not notify me it may be removed, so
be sure to let me know first.

If you have any questions feel free to ask me.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com





-- 
Michael Phelps, (external) mjp@vnet.ibm.com ..
                (internal) mjp@bwa.kgn.ibm.com .. mjp at kgnvmy         
 (and last but not least a disclaimer)  These opinions are mine..       

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54685
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: Gun Talk -- State legislative update

In article <lairdb.735523285@crash.cts.com> lairdb@crash.cts.com (Laird P. Broadfield) writes:
>In <C5sGG3.Bnv@cbnews.cb.att.com> lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:
>>As William O. Douglas noted, "If a powerful sponsor is lacking,
>>individual liberty withers -- in spite of glowing opinions and
>>resounding constitutional phrases."
>
>An excellent quote.
...
>I looked under 'C' and 'K' for Kalifornia; has the NRA given up on us?

One might well ask if CA gun owners have given up on the NRA/CRPA.

The national NRA doesn't march in and get things passed.  They provide
a convenient label for local activities/activists.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54686
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...

On the subject of CS/CN/tear gas: when I received my initial introduction to
tear gas, the first thing that came to mind was the location of the exit.  If
there had been anything in the way, corners to negotiate, doors to open, or 
any other obstacles to movement, I would have had a difficult time exiting the
chamber.  And any concentration of tear gas is hazardous to individuals with
respiratory problems, and the wearing of soft contact lenses in a tear gas 
contaminated area is considered a REAL BAD IDEA.  So hoping the BD's would
peaceably come strolling out the door after being gassed is a bit unrealistic.
If they could have found the door, having them staggering out retching wouldn't
be too far fetched.  Throw in the factor of 50-51 days of being under siege and
subject to psychological warfare, and all bets on functional abilities are off.
Anybody tried to get Amnesty International to jump in on this one?

-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54687
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: Analysis of Second Amendment (Was: Re: Some more about gun control...)

In article <1993Apr21.042608.26086@ra.msstate.edu> dnewcomb@whale.st.usm.edu (Donald R. Newcomb) writes:
>First, I would like to say how much I appreciate having so literate and
>erudite an individual as Mr. Rutledge with whom to discuss this topic.
>Frankly, most anti-RKBA posters refuse even to approach the topic of
>the original understanding of the Bill of Rights as detailed in the
>writings of the era. This  is most refreshing.
>
>Second, I must apologize for leaving the discussion for several days.
>My brigade's quarterly drill was this weekend and I needed to attend
>to several matters pertaining to the State Militia.
>
>Some people seem to feel that the concept of the Militia is an anachro-
>nism that is out of place in the 20th century. I'm not sure the Swiss
>would agree and I think perhaps a discussion of how the Militia, both
>organized and unorganized, fits into the defense plans of my State,
>Mississippi. Please do not assume that this describes something peculiar
>to one southern state. For instance, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
>has a well organized Militia which, members report, maintains stocks
>of both riot guns and machine guns. The laws of other States will vary
>but are probably similar.

It appears it is time that this article (originally posted by Larry
Cipriani last year, and which I saved) gets posted again.  It offers
as good an analysis of the meaning of the Second Amendment, especially
regarding the militia clause, as I have seen.  I have not seen any
rebuttles with similar bone fides...

Enjoy.  (Flames to /dev/null)

--------- Begin Enclosed Article -----------

			THE UNABRIDGED SECOND AMENDMENT

			      by J. Neil Schulman

If you wanted to know all about the Big Bang, you'd ring up Carl Sagan,
right ?  And if you wanted to know about desert warfare, the man to call
would be Norman Schwarzkopf, no question about it.  But who would you call
if you wanted the top expert on American usage, to tell you the meaning
of the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution ?

That was the question I asked A.C. Brocki, editorial coordinator of the Los
Angeles Unified School District and formerly senior editor at Houghton
Mifflin Publishers -- who himself had been recommended to me as the
foremost expert on English usage in the Los Angeles school system.  Mr.
Brocki told me to get in touch with Roy Copperud, a retired professor
journalism at the University of Southern California and the author of
"American Usage and Style: The Consensus."

A little research lent support to Brocki's opinion of Professor Copperud's
expertise.

Roy Copperud was a newspaper writer on major dailies for over three decades
before embarking on a a distinguished 17-year career teaching journalism at
USC.  Since 1952, Copperud has been writing a column dealing with the
professional aspects of journalism for "Editor and Publisher", a weekly
magazine focusing on the journalism field.

He's on the usage panel of the American Heritage Dictionary, and Merriam
Webster's Usage Dictionary frequently cites him as an expert.  Copperud's
fifth book on usage, "American Usage and Style: The Consensus," has been in
continuous print from Van Nostrand Reinhold since 1981, and is the winner
of the Association of American Publisher's Humanities Award.

That sounds like an expert to me.

After a brief telephone call to Professor Copperud in which I introduced
myself but did not give him any indication of why I was interested, I sent
the following letter:

"I am writing you to ask you for your professional opinion as an expert in
English usage, to analyze the text of the Second Amendment to the United
States Constitution, and extract the intent from the text.

"The text of the Second Amendment is, 'A well-regulated Militia, being
necessary for the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep
and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.'

"The debate over this amendment has been whether the first part of the
sentence, 'A well-regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a
free State', is a restrictive clause or a subordinate clause, with respect
to the independent clause containing the subject of the sentence, 'the
right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.'

"I would request that your analysis of this sentence not take into
consideration issues of political impact or public policy, but be restricted
entirely to a linguistic analysis of its meaning and intent.  Further,
since your professional analysis will likely become part of litigation
regarding the consequences of the Second Amendment, I ask that whatever
analysis you make be a professional opinion that you would be willing to
stand behind with your reputation, and even be willing to testify under
oath to support, if necessary."

My letter framed several questions about the test of the Second Amendment,
then concluded:

"I realize that I am asking you to take on a major responsibility and task
with this letter.  I am doing so because, as a citizen, I believe it is
vitally important to extract the actual meaning of the Second Amendment.
While I ask that your analysis not be affected by the political importance of
its results, I ask that you do this because of that importance."

After several more letters and phone calls, in which we discussed terms for
his doing such an analysis, but in which we never discussed either of our
opinions regarding the Second Amendment, gun control, or any other political
subject, Professor Copperud sent me the follow analysis (into which I have
inserted my questions for the sake of clarity):

[Copperud:] "The words 'A well-regulated militia, being necessary to the
security of a free state,' contrary to the interpretation cited in your
letter of July 26, 1991, constitutes a present participle, rather than a
clause.  It is used as an adjective, modifying 'militia,' which is
followed by the main clause of the sentence (subject 'the right', verb
'shall').  The to keep and bear arms is asserted as an essential for
maintaining a militia.

"In reply to your numbered questions:

[Schulman:] "(1) Can the sentence be interpreted to grant the right to keep
and bear arms solely to 'a well-regulated militia'?"

[Copperud:] "(1) The sentence does not restrict the right to keep and bear
arms, nor does it state or imply possession of the right elsewhere or by
others than the people; it simply makes a positive statement with respect
to a right of the people."

[Schulman:] "(2) Is 'the right of the people to keep and bear arms' granted
by the words of the Second Amendment, or does the Second Amendment assume a
preexisting right of the people to keep and bear arms, and merely state
that such right 'shall not be infringed'?"

[Copperud:] "(2) The right is not granted by the amendment; its existence
is assumed.  The thrust of the sentence is that the right shall be
preserved inviolate for the sake of ensuring a militia."

[Schulman:] "(3) Is the right of the people to keep and bear arms
conditioned upon whether or not a well regulated militia, is, in fact
necessary to the security of a free State, and if that condition is not
existing, is the statement 'the right of the people to keep and bear Arms,
shall not be infringed' null and void?"

[Copperud:] "(3) No such condition is expressed or implied.  The right to
keep and bear arms is not said by the amendment to depend on the existence
of a militia.  No condition is stated or implied as to the relation of the
right to keep and bear arms and to the necessity of a well-regulated
militia as a requisite to the security of a free state.  The right to keep
and bear arms is deemed unconditional by the entire sentence."

[Schulman:] "(4) Does the clause 'A well-regulated Militia, being necessary
to the security of a free State,' grant a right to the government to place
conditions on the 'right of the people to keep and bear arms,' or is such
right deemed unconditional by the meaning of the entire sentence?"

[Copperud:] "(4) The right is assumed to exist and to be unconditional, as
previously stated.  It is invoked here specifically for the sake of the
militia."

[Schulman:] "(5) Which of the following does the phrase 'well-regulated
militia' mean: 'well-equipped', 'well-organized,' 'well-drilled,'
'well-educated,' or 'subject to regulations of a superior authority'?"

[Copperud:] "(5) The phrase means 'subject to regulations of a superior
authority;' this accords with the desire of the writers for civilian
control over the military."

[Schulman:] "(6) (If at all possible, I would ask you to take account the
changed meanings of words, or usage, since that sentence was written 200
years ago, but not take into account historical interpretations of the
intents of the authors, unless those issues can be clearly separated."

[Copperud:] "To the best of my knowledge, there has been no change in the
meaning of words or in usage that would affect the meaning of the
amendment.  If it were written today, it might be put: "Since a
well-regulated militia is necessary tot he security of a free state, the
right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be abridged.'

[Schulman:] "As a 'scientific control' on this analysis, I would also
appreciate it if you could compare your analysis of the text of the Second
Amendment to the following sentence,

"A well-schooled electorate, being necessary to the security of a free
State, the right of the people to keep and read Books, shall not be
infringed.'

"My questions for the usage analysis of this sentence would be,

"(1) Is the grammatical structure and usage of this sentence and the way
the words modify each other, identical to the Second Amendment's sentence?;
and

"(2) Could this sentence be interpreted to restrict 'the right of the people
to keep and read Books' _only_ to 'a well-educated electorate' -- for
example, registered voters with a high-school diploma?"

[Copperud:] "(1) Your 'scientific control' sentence precisely parallels the
amendment in grammatical structure.

"(2) There is nothing in your sentence that either indicates or implies the
possibility of a restricted interpretation."

Professor Copperud had only one additional comment, which he placed in his
cover letter: "With well-known human curiosity, I made some speculative
efforts to decide how the material might be used, but was unable to reach
any conclusion."

So now we have been told by one of the top experts on American usage what
many knew all along: the Constitution of the United States unconditionally
protects the people's right to keep and bear arms, forbidding all
governments formed under the Constitution from abridging that right.

As I write this, the attempted coup against constitutional government in the
Soviet Union has failed, apparently because the will of the people in that
part of the world to be free from capricious tyranny is stronger than the
old guard's desire to maintain a monopoly on dictatorial power.

And here in the United States, elected lawmakers, judges, and appointed
officials who are pledged to defend the Constitution of the United States
ignore, marginalize, or prevaricate about the Second Amendment routinely.
American citizens are put in American prisons for carrying arms, owning
arms of forbidden sorts, or failing to satisfy bureaucratic requirements
regarding the owning and carrying of firearms -- all of which is an
abridgement of the unconditional right of the people to keep and bear arms,
guaranteed by the Constitution.

And even the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), staunch defender of the
rest of the Bill of Rights, stands by and does nothing.

it seems it is up to those who believe in the right to keep and bear arms to
preserve that right.  no one else will.  No one else can.  Will we beg our
elected representatives not to take away our rights, and continue regarding
them as representing us if they do?  Will we continue obeying judges who
decide that the Second Amendment doesn't mean what it says it means but
means whatever they say it means in their Orwellian doublespeak ?

Or will be simply keep and bear the arms of our choice, as the Constitution
of the United States promises us we can, and pledge that we will defend
that promise with our lives, our fortuned, and our sacred honor ?

(C) 1991 by The New Gun Week and Second Amendment Foundation.
Informational reproduction of the entire article is hereby authorized
provided the author, The New Gun Week and Second Amendment Foundation are
credited.  All other rights reserved.

			About the Author

J. Neil Schulman is the award-winning author of novels endorsed by Anthony
Burgess and Nobel-economist Milton Friedman, and writer of the CBS "Twilight
Zone" episode in which a time-traveling historian prevents the JFK
assassination.  He's also the founder and president of SoftServ Publishing,
the first publishing company to distribute "paperless books" via personal
computers and modems.

Most recently, Schulman has founded the Committee to Enforce the Second
Amendment (CESA), through which he intends to see the individual's right to
keep and bear arms recognized as a constitutional protection equal to those
afforded in the First, Fourth, Fifth, Ninth and Fourteenth amendments.

J. Neil Schulman may be reached through: The SoftServ Paperless Bookstore,
24-hour bbs: 213-827-3160 (up to 9600 baud).  Mail address: PO Box 94, Long
Beach, CA 90801-0094.  GEnie address: SOFTSERV

--------- End Enclosed Article -------------
-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54688
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

>> I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
>> and M-16's/AR-15's and banging/marrying thirteen yuear olds. 

With one exception, that's a pretty good description of many of the
Baptists I know.  The exception is that they know the difference
between an M-16 and an AR-15.  Heck - they even know that "it looks
like Richard Petty's stock car" doesn't mean "it's a racing stock
car".  They may be uncouth, but they've figured out that appearance
isn't function.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54689
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <23APR199302461670@zeus.tamu.edu> djh4484@zeus.tamu.edu (HARTY, DANIEL JOSEPH) writes:
> "  A well regulated militia, being necessarry to the security of a free state,
>   the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."
>
>  What is regulated? Regulated means "controlled"! How about security?

While it may mean that in 1993, the relevant meaning comes from 1789.
Moreover, "controlled" doesn't tell you WHO's doing the controllling.

Fletcher's Political Works, pub'd in 1749, defines a "well-regulated
militia", that being the relevant phrase, as being an armed people NOT
under the control of govt.  The wigged gents who argued about the
constituion used it in that way.

Feel free to provide a 1790s-era reference showing a usage other than
"individual right, not to be interfered with by govt".

Note that the first clause has a meaning - it is a restriction on
govt military power.  See Scarry's University of Penn law review
article for an extended discussion.  The existence of a well-regulated
militia is a necessary part of that restriction, but it is not sufficient.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54690
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card


In article <CMM.0.90.2.735132009.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no>, Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
>Gun clubs:
>If you are a member you CAN borrow weapons....(Suprised??)
>You are supposed to train with a .22 for the 6 months, THEN
>you can start with anything bigger.
>
>Drivers licence:
>Forgot that USA is THE land of cars.....
>Getting one in Scandinavia (and northern europe) is not easy.
>Average time is about 20 hours of training, and the cost is rather......
>But we think this is acceptable because a car is NOT a toy, and
>bad drivers tend to hurt OTHERS.
>(If you are really bad, you WON'T get a lincence!)
>
>Abuse by the goverment:
>This seems to be one of the main problems; Any harder gun-control
>would just be abused by the goverment.(!)
>Either some of you are a little paranoid (no offence...) OR you should
>get a new goverment. (You do have elections??)

Unfortunately, elections can, and are, bought.  Promise the voters money, and
they will vote for you.

>
>Guns 'n Criminals:
>MOST weapons used by criminals today are stolen.
>Known criminals can NOT buy weapons, that's one of the points of gun control.

Same here.  Convicted felons may not legally purchase firearms.

>And because gun control are strict in WHOLE scandinavia (and most of europe),
>we dont have any PROBLEM with smuggled guns.

That you know of.

While I lived in the DBR, a gang robbed a joint US Army/Bundewehr armoury and
got several hundred M-16s, ammunition, handguns and some explosives.  When I
left two years later, there were no clues.

>
>Mixing weapons and things that can be use as one:
>What I meant was that cars CAN kill, but they are not GUNS!
>Someone said that if we 'ban' guns we'd have to ban cars to, because they 'kill' to...
>I don't think we should argue on this one..... ;)
>
>The issue (I hope..):
>I think we all agree that the criminals are the main problem.
>Guns are not a problem, but the way they are used is.... (and what are they for??)

Who uses them is the problem.  Crime, in the U.S., is "no big deal" if you are
the criminal.  How about 5 years for murder.  Credit for time served (in jail,
waiting for trial) and you are out in 12 months, worst case.  If we would put
criminals, especially violent ones, in the slam for true sentences, crime would
drop.  Instead, we reward them for being good and let them out early, very
early.

>
>I think this discusion is interesting when you think of (ex)Jugoslavia:
>They should all have weapons, it's their rigth to have them, and if they use them
>to kill other (Innocent) people the problem is humans, not guns.

Serbs, Croats and Muslims have been killing each other almost since before the
invention of guns.  Old women are throwing stones at UN trucks.  This is a
hatred that goes beyond reason.
>
>If 50% of ALL murders was done with axes, would you impose some regulations on them
>or just say that they are ment to be used at trees, and that the axe is not a problem,
>it's the 'axer' ??
>(An example, don't flame me just because not exactly 50% are killed by guns...)

Yes, the problem is the user.  Question back (since you are one of the rational
ones):  If all gun crime were to stop, would you support dropping all gun
controls?

>
>Think about the situation in Los Angeles where people are buying guns to protect
>themselves. Is this a good situation ?? Is it the rigth way to deal with the problem ??

They did not believe, from experience, that the "police" (including National
Guard) could/would protect them.  Unless you want to argue that a human being
does not have a right to protect him/herself, they did the right thing.  What
would you suggest as a defense against a mob throwing bottles and rocks, and
also likely armed with stolen firearms?

>
>If everybody buys guns to protect themselves from criminals (and their neighbor who have
>guns) what do you think will happen ?? (I mean if everybody had a gun in USA)

Criminals would move to Scandinavia??? :-)  The average criminal would look for
a less hazardous job, and the rest would likely be buried at county expense.

>
>Don't flame the Englishmen because of Northern Irland, they have gun control that works
>(in England) and fonds from USA are one of the reasons why IRA can bomb innocents...
>(Something about throwing stones in glass houses...)

Personally, I criticize the fools who send money to the IRA to "make Ireland
free".  Of course, this is the last thing the IRA wants, because they lose
power if England pulls out.  But that's for another group.

>Don't flame them because of what to (three?) children did either.

The U.S. has roughly 20 times the major sporting events as the U.K..  How many
riots did we have at sporting events last year (off the playing field)? 
Hooligan is a word never used when reffering to sports fans here.  I guess
that's where the different cultures thing comes in.

>(Can an Jugoslav have an oppinion on guns or even peace??) (YES!)

Yes.  The question is, is the problem one of too many guns (mostly from the
army) or not enough (nonSerbians can not defend themselves.

>
>(My numbers about crime rates after restrictions on shot-guns are from the police
>and the Statistisk Sentralbyraa) (understood that one Sorenson??)
>
>LAST WORD:
>Responsible gun owners are not a problem, but they will be affected if you want to protect 
>your citicens.

But disarming responsible gun owners is not the solution.  Yet, that is exactly
what HCI is proposing.
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54691
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: criminals & machineguns

In article <C5ME6D.Iy0@cs.uiuc.edu> kratz@cs.uiuc.edu (Jason Kratz) writes:
>In <1993Apr16.202441.16032@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU> andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:
>>In article <93104.175256U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>>>people are getting killed by gang violence every day?  Every single day I hear
>>>about more people getting killed by gang violence and see some of the weapo{s
>>>that are being confiscated.
>
>>Is Kratz claiming that he can reliably visually distinguish an M-16
>>from an AR-15?  That he can see the difference between a semi-auto and
>>a full-auto UZI?  That he can see the difference between the various
>>versions (some full-auto, some semi-auto only) of the M-11/9?
>
>Well, let me see.  UZI, no.  M-11/9, no.

I see that I misphrased my question.  I should have asked WHICH
full-autos Kratz can accurately distinguish from semi-auto
look-alikes.  I should have also included some semi-auto only guns in
my list to see if he'd ask how to distinguish them from their
non-existent full-auto "relatives".

Let's do the former now.  Kratz has claimed that he can visually
distinguish full-autos from semi-autos.  For which full-autos is he
making that claim?  How does he do it?  Let's get specific, and as
exhaustive as possible.

>M-16/AR-15, maybe.  I remember there
>being a selector swtich on the AR-15.  If I remember correctly (please correct
>me if I'm wrong) the switch would set to an "off" position or an "on" position
>because the gun (AR-15) is semi-automatic.  Wouldn't the M-16 have a position
>for semi-auto fire and full-auto fire (or maybe 3 round bursts)?

Maybe?  Why is Kratz asking about what he told us that he knows?

Is Kratz certain that he can distinguish a three position switch from
a two position switch via TV inspection?  (Does he even get to see the
switch in the typical police display of guns?)  Note that one might
well be able to see this sort of thing in a hands on visual inspection
even though it won't be seen on TV.  And to think that Kratz was
telling us that seeing it on TV was just as accurate as being
there....

>How about the other guns?  Do they also have selector switch to switch between
>semi-auto and fully-auto fire?

Why all the questions?  Kratz assured us that he could make this distinction
and now he's asking us how he did it....

>Well, what about what I said above?  If that is correct I guess TV would be
>acceptable (if you had a good enough picture and a picture of the lower 
>receiver of the AR-15/M-16).

What about it?  It only demonstrates that, as I predicted, Kratz
was blowing smoke on this.

>>-andy gave Kratz a chance to back down on this in private
>>--
>Jason Kratz <- didn't take andy's offer to back down in private

-andy wonders what Kratz is learning from this
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54693
From: wolfone@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (I am an android..)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr21.113723.10103@synapse.bms.com> hambidge@bms.com writes:
]In article <C5sv88.HJy@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
]>In article <1r1j3n$4t@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
]>>In article <1r19tp$5em@bigboote.WPI.EDU>, mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
]>>
]>>> >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
]>>>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
]>>> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day  
]>>> in Texas. 
]>>
]>>Do YOU eat all your food cold?
]>
]>Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
]>Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.
]
]Ever hear about cutting off the electricity? That was done.
]How effective is an electric stove then?

Didn't the Branch Davidans have an emergency generator? Oh well, I don't think
Brent thought of that anyway.


-- 
/----------------------------------------------------------------------\
|Patrick Chester   (aka: claypigeon)         wolfone@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu|
|The Earth is our cradle, but one cannot stay in the cradle forever... |
|People's organizations rarely stay that way... or even begin as such. |
|I only speak for myself. If I *did* speak for UT, would anyone listen?|
\----------------------------------------------------------------------/

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54694
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.) writes:

>In <1r3efjINN3jj@gap.caltech.edu> arc@cco.caltech.edu writes:

>> Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
>> >I also believe Texas has some of the most liberal 'gun-laws' in USA......
>> 
>> In Texas, you cannot carry a handgun.  Period.  Either concealed or open.

>  Currently, there is a bill before the Texas legislature that would make it
>legal for some ordinary folks to carry concealed weapons.  I don't have the
>details, sorry.

>semper fi,

>Jammer Jim Miller 
>Texas A&M University '89 and '91
>________________________________________________________________________________
> I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
>"Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing System."
> "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
>      ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

If I recall correctly, the bill would provide for concealed carry if
the person takes a 15-hr DPS safety course in firearms and pays a $150
fee for the license.  The bill is apparently veto-proof in the House,
but LtGov Bullock has said it will never come to the floor of the
Senate and Dreamboat Annie has vowed to veto it if it comes to her
desk.  *shrug*

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54695
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Re: news says BATF indictment/warrant unsealed...


|QUESTION:
|What will Californians do with all those guns after the Reginald
|denny trial?

The Wall Street Journal had an article on how the police were whining
about all the new guns; excuse me, but police are EMPLOYEES of the
government. Rather like having your janitor complain about job
conditions.

I say Californians should form armed block clubs that would engage
in coordinated strategies should BATF attempt to disarm them based
on the "nefarious tipster" theory of law enforcement. Unlike Waco, 
Californians should be able to destroy armored vehicles in city
streets with incendiary weapons, acetylene after slowing them down
with abandoned car blockades. M-1 Garands should easily outclass
BATF shock troops with their H&K MP-5 SMGs, and there should be
enough Sony Walkmans and Boom Boxes to overwhelm any FBI psy-war
operation... yes, a good time would be had by all. Billary Clinton
would get what he wanted, a War on Gunowners, the BATF would attempt
to show the anti-gun press they they really, REALLY were in charge
with a 500-man "Charge of the Light Brigade," and the FBI would attempt 
to show how _THEY_ really were in charge by asking the Californian 
National Guard to level the area with artillary!

:-) :-) :-)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54696
Subject: Re: Gun Buy Back
From: R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu

In article <1r6qqcINN8j4@clem.handheld.com>
jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:
 
>
>In article <16BB8B194.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu> R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu writes:
>> In article <1993Apr22.134330.9761@rti.rti.org>
>> jbs@rti.rti.org writes:
>>
>> >
>> >In article <16BB7BA6A.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu> R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu
>writes:
>> >>...Gun buyback programs will hopefully
>> >>have an impact on accidental shootings (especially youths), domestic
>> >>disputes where a gun is available in the heat of emotion and anger, and
>> >>maybe keep a few guns from being stolen and later used in street-level
>> >>crime.
>> >
>> >What gives you the idea that gun "buyback" programs will have an impact on
>> >any of these things?  Evidence, please?
>> >
>> > Please don't misinterret  what I was saying Joe.  I was making the point
>tha
>> there is NO evidence of effect of gun buyback programs but hopefully if
>> there is any effect it may prevent injuries or deaths in one of these types
>> of common incidents.
>>
>> >If you're a "Research Associate" in "Urban Child Research," then perhaps
>> >you can comment for us on the ratio of the accidental gun death rate to the
>> >rate of accidental death from other single causes?  Follow that perhaps
>> >with some sort of justification for the amount of effort that anti-gunners
>> >spend trying to convince the country that accidental gun-related death
>> >among children in the U.S. is a serious problem.
>> >
>>  Firearms are the fifth-leading cause of unintentional deaths among children
>> ages 14 and under.  I don't understand how the ratio to other accidental
>> deaths is important.  So guns don't kill as many children as car accidents.
>> What is the difference in severity between 1,000 deaths and 10,000 deaths?
>> I am not trying to use accidental gun-related deaths among children as a
>> justification for gun control.  Who needs to be convinced that accidental
>> gun deaths of children is a serious problem?  I assumed that any humane
>> person would be concerned when any 10 year old got hold of their parents
>> gun from their bedroom drawer and accidently blew away one of their friends.
>>
>
>Any death is serious.  Wanna discuss match control?  Firearms related
>unintentional deaths among children ages 14 and under are the fault of one or
>more negligent persons, not the gun.
>
   Did I say that a child who unintentionally shoots someone is not negligent?
 NO.  I hate to repeat myself Jim, but like I told Joe, I was not attempting
in any way to justify gun control.  You're right, any death is serious.
THAT was my point to Joe who said that "anti-gunners" try to convinve
the country that accidental gun deaths related to children are a serious
problem.  I guess I assumed everyone thought that it was a problem.
No, I don't want to discuss match control.  I don't equate a book of matches
to a loaded 9 millimeter either.  Don't confuse the issue.  And please don't
say that tired old NRA line "Guns don't kill people, people kill people".
Sure, people can kill people without guns.  But easy access to guns makes it
a lot more convenient.  "Guns don't kill people, People with easy access to
guns kill people".
 
>> >>More than anything, gun buyback programs are symbolic offerings to the
>> >>community.  In that sense, I think they might do a little good.
>> >
>> >Please explain why you think "symbolic offerings" do good.
>> >
>>  My point was, gun buyback programs which are almost always run by police
>> departments MIGHT (I stress might) do a LITTLE (I stress little) good by
>> giving people the impression that the police are attempting to respond
>> to interpersonal gun violence in a unique way.  Overall, I thought that I
>> had made it clear that I did not think that gun buyback programs were
>> useful.
>>
>
>Providing false hope, then, is the intent?
>
    Jim, I'm just saying how it is.  I'm not saying if that is a good thing
or not. From the police who I have talked with who run some of these gun
buyback programs, I get the impression that they really think they are
having an impact on the community.  When I ask them if they have an evaluatory
component to the program, they say "well no..."  So, in answer to your
question, no, false hope is not the intent.  I think the intent is to
show folks that police are attempting to do something to curb interpersonal
gun violence whether its effective or not.  Look, if you can't measure
the impact of these programs using some sort of pre-test and post-test
evaluation, what is the point?  It must be symbolic in nature.  The police are
essentially saying "look, if you have a gun lying around and you don't
want it, we'll give you $50 for it...because we care about the community".
If you, I and Joe could think of a way to measure the effectiveness or
ineffectiveness of these programs we could become rich and famous.
 
>>
>> >>I do know that the vast majority of guns that are used by youths or
>> >>brought to school by youths on a daily basis (about 135,000 youths) are
>> >>obtained easily and quickly, through a personal friend, or more often
>> >>"borrowed" from a parent without their knowledge.
>> >
>> >I suggest you go back and look at wherever you saw these "statistics" - I
>> >suspect you'll find if you look carefully that 135,000 is the number of
>> >students *estimated* to have carried *a weapon* (not necessarily a gun)
>> >to school at least once in the past year, and not the number of students
>> >who carry a gun to school daily.
>> >
>>  Well Joe, I suggest that you talk to the Center to Prevent Handgun Violence
>> or the Centers for Disease Control.  If YOU look carefully you will see
>> that YOU greatly underestimate the presence of guns in the lives of youths.
>> The CPHV reports that 135,000 youth bring GUNS to school DAILY and that
>> 400,000 bring GUNS to school at least once a year.  The CDC estimates
>> that 1 out 0f 25 high school students carried a gun to school at least once
>> in 1990.  The CDC also says that 1.2 million elementary-aged, latch-key
>> children (kids who come home from school to an empty house), have access
>> to guns in their home.  California schools reported a 200% increase in
>> student gun confiscations between 1986 and 1990, and a 40% increase between
>> 1988 and 1990.  Florida reported a 61% percent increase in gun incidents in
>> schools between 1986/87 amd 1987/88.  These are the "statistics".
>>
>
>200% increase in California schools, eh?  Gun control is working fine, there!
>>
>>  I didn't anything about gun control, what are you talking about?
 
>> >>thus willing to follow a man who claimed to be the Messiah (Got news
>> >>for you folks, if the Big Cheese was on this crazy planet of ours
>> >>presently, he would NOT be carrying a gun or holding children when they
>> >>were in danger).
>> >
>> >"Holding kids?"  Time for a reality check, son.  These kids were the
>> >children of the people inside who believed that the forces of evil were
>> >outside waiting to kill them.  Would you send *your* children out the door
>> >if you believed as they did?
>> >
>>  Okay, maybe I worded it wrong...DAD.  I meant that to put children in a
>> situation (fortified compound) where harm could come to them is not the
>> act of a Messiah in my opinion.  I'm not saying that Koresh had control over
>> these children directly, but I would hope that whatever Messiah there is
>> would not let innocent children die.
>> If as he claimed he was the Messiah and people followed him as such, why
>> did he not tell their parents to free the children instead of letting them
>> burn alive?  Thanks for the reality check Joe, its been real.
>>
>So your religion is different.  Does that make it his wrong?  Even assuming
>Koresh actually made that decision, and the verdict is still out on that.
>
> Jim, listen to me, I said I'M NOT RELIGIOUS WHATSOEVER, do you understand?
  Religion has nothing to do with this.  I could care less what religion
they were okay?  To put children in that situation is wrong, pure and
simple.  Difference is good Jim, I am the most progressive and diverse
person in the world.  But, if different is allowing kids to be exposed
to tanks and tear-gas, then yes Jim, DIFFERENT IS WRONG.
 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54697
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!
From: dusek@rtsg.mot.com (James P. Dusek)

ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig) writes:
>or the cultists...) I think I'll quote the BBC quoting (actually voice
>interview) one of the two British survivors. He claimed that the fire
>started when the tanks caused an internal wooden wall/roof to collapse
>knocking over kerosene lamps and that they had no suicide plan.

	If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
burning building?

James Dusek

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54698
From: crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com (Ron Phillips)
Subject: Re: Who's next? Mormons and Jews?

In article <C5s5n0.DyJ@world.std.com>, rjk@world.std.com (Robert J. Kolker) writes:
|> Thank you for remembering Matzada.  Matzada was not an insane act. It was
|> a sanctification of G_D's name and the most extreme denial of tyranny
|> possible. To this day the officers of the Tzahal (Isreal Defense Force)
|> take their oath at the fortress. Lo Tepol Shaynit Matzadah. Matzadah will
|> not fall again!
|> 

Not anymore!  Recent archaeological inspection of the site presents pretty
compelling evidence that the "mass suicide" at Masada never occured.  This
evidence was so compelling tha the Tzahal no long hold their secret ceremony
at the fortress.


-- 
**************************************************************
* Ron Phillips               crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com *
* Senior Customer Engineer                                   *
* Intergraph Electronics                                     *
* 381 East Evelyn Avenue               VOICE: (415) 691-6473 *
* Mountain View, CA 94041              FAX:   (415) 691-0350 *
**************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54699
From: crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com (Ron Phillips)
Subject: Waco Questions


Folks,

It's time to start building some precise questions to send to our
federal elected officials and to investigative reporters in our
local TV, radio and newprint media.  Ideally, these questions could be
asked at any investigation into the BATF's and FBI's participation
at the WACO fiasco in hopes of being resolved and, hopefully, wake
up the local news media that they are not getting the entire truth
from the BATF and FBI.  My list is up to 13 that are really nagging 
at my gut.  The list will probably grow. 

1.   What were the contents of the original warrant, now sealed, that
     the BATF obtained?

2.   It is reasonable to believe that illegal firearms and/or ammunition
     could not be flushed down the toilet.  Therefore, a "no-knock"
     raid could be ruled out.  Prior to the initial assault on the 
     complex, did a single BATF agent and accompanying witness (without 
     a contingent of assault and news media personnel) attempt to knock 
     on the door of the Branch Davidian's complex and serve the warrant 
     in a manner prescribed by law?

3.   On the day of the initial assault on the complex, BATF agents
     were aware that several small children were inside the buildings.
     In the ensueing gun battle, BATF agents fired into a building
     known to contain children, killing at least one two-year old child.
     Knowing children were present, why didn't the BATF have an
     alternate plan and immediately retreat from the area close to
     the complex and implement the alternate plan rather than opening
     fire and jeopardizing the lives of the children in the building? 

4.   The FBI spokesman states that paper evidence indicates that
     David Koresh and members of the Branch Davidians possessed over
     $200,000 in firearms and ammunition.  Did David Koresh and the
     members of the Branch Davidians have a valid Federal Firearms
     License, were they actively participating in the legal business
     of selling/buying firearms and ammunition, and were any of the
     weapons they had illegally possessed?  Does this paper evidence
     consist only of weapons purchased or does it include legally
     dispossessed weapons.

5.   After the original assault on the compound tragically failed,
     a BATF spokeswoman stated "We were outgunned!".  Yet, TV newscasts
     of video tape filmed at the time of the incident show BATF agents
     armed with MP-5 and AR-15/M16 rifles.  Although unclear on the
     video tape because of obstruction from full view by agent's
     bodies, they also may have had AK-47 and SKS rifles.  What type(s)
     of firearms did the BATF agents have immediate access to at the 
     scene of the original assault on the complex?

6.   Since there is no evidence to confirm anyone was inside the
     complex involuntarily, why did the FBI treat it as a "hostage"
     situation? 

7.   Along the same lines, why did the FBI use "psychological warfare"
     techniques, including sensory overload, sleep deprivation, and
     other disruptive techniques that would test the sanity of any 
     normal person rather than using techniques aimed at placing the 
     complex occupants into a calmer frame of mind?

8.   Reports indicate several of the children inside the complex
     were accompanied by their mothers.  Since it is reasonable
     to expect these mothers would have their children taken away
     from them if they came out, why did the FBI expect the mothers
     to just walk out and surrender themselves to the authorities?

9.   Agents at the scene claim to have seen members of the Branch
     Davidians setting fire to the complex.  Branch Davidian members
     who survived the inferno claim the fire was started when an 
     armored vehicle punched through the wall and knocked over a 
     lantern which was setting on a table.  Video tape of the incident 
     does show an armored vehicle punching a hole in the wall and the 
     fire erupted almost immediately from the same general location.  
     Was the source of the fire the same room where the armored vehicle 
     penetrated?

10.  FBI spokesmen are voicing the opinion that the David Koresh and
     the members of the Branch Davidians committed mass suicide.  Yet,
     bodies are being discovered throughout the house and other areas
     within the building complex.  This seems to be counter to any
     known mass suicides through history.  What evidence does the FBI
     have that a mass suicide pact existed?

11.  FBI Director Sessions stated that the massive fireball shown on
     the video tape was caused by the Branch Davidian's ammunition
     and/or powder cache exploding.  Yet, the fireball seems to be
     more characteristic of the type created when compressed gas
     or other highly volatile fuel source explodes.  Was any evidence 
     found which would indicate the Branch Davidians had an ammunition 
     and/or powder cache which exploded to create this fireball?  If so,
     and if David Koresh and members of the Branch Davidians were 
     engaged in the legal business of selling/buying firearms, was the
     amount determined to be excessively greater than one would expect
     for someone engaged in such a legal business?

12.  It is rumored that one FBI agent was extremely upset about critical
     news media coverage and intentionally used an armored vehicle to
     crush a reporter's car which had been left at the compound.  Is 
     there any factual basis to this rumor and, if so, what charges will 
     be brought against the FBI agent who performed the act?

13.  FBI Director Sessions states that, during the final assault on the
     complex, "over 80 shots were fired at the vehicles."  On the video
     tape of the incident, you can hear the drone of the armored vehicles
     engines.  Yet, there is no sound of the sharp reports that one
     would expect to hear if shots were fired.  Also, there are no 
     indications of smoke and/or muzzle flashes appearing from the windows,
     buildings or other structures in the video.  Surely, these should be 
     evident if the Branch Davidians had fired on the armored vehicles.  
     Finally, the video tape does not show any indication of paint splatter, 
     sparks or other characteristic spray of material which should be 
     apparent if the Branch Davidians had fired upon the vehicles.  Do 
     any of the armored vehicles which were brought in to pump tear gas 
     into the compound show evidence of fresh damage due to being hit by 
     shots from high-power rifles?

14.  CS gas is considered to be a chemical warfare agent.  The United
     States has signed international treaties which prevent the use
     of CS gas in warfare.  If the United States could not morally use
     CS gas against Saddam Hussein and his troops, why is it morally
     acceptable to use the same agent against citizens of our own land?

15.  On April 21, FBI spokesmen state that at least 3 bodies discovered
     in the complex had bullet wounds to the head indicating they had
     been murdered or had committed suicide.  On April 22, the county
     coroner claims he knows nothing about any bodies found with bullet
     wounds to the head.  Were any of the victims bodies found within
     the burned out complex have bullet wounds to the head?
-- 
**************************************************************
* Ron Phillips               crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com *
* Senior Customer Engineer                                   *
* Intergraph Electronics                                     *
* 381 East Evelyn Avenue               VOICE: (415) 691-6473 *
* Mountain View, CA 94041              FAX:   (415) 691-0350 *
**************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54701
From: gardner@convex.com (Steve Gardner)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <C5y36B.8MG@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>For me, though, the black soot billowing outside the compound added with
>how fast the fire spread ponted to *someone* dousing large parts of the
>compound with some sort of gasoline or fire-starter. 
	Lots of house fires give off black sooty smoke.  And as far as
	the speed of the fire the winds were gusting to 30mph at least
	that day.  I guess you're forgetting the way Oakland and Berkeley
	looked back in 91.  Did those folks use accelerants?

						smg

	



 I doubt the Feds
>did that as they were more interested in arresting Vernon.  The real
>unbalanced one (at least the one that lost his cool) was Vernon, so
>I figured that he was more likely to do it (after all he was Jesus 
>being persecuted by the authorities, and had followers to hold onto,
>so made the decision.  He and his followers also probably felt that they
>were rocketing to heaven by doing this stuff).  Thsi conclusion, I came
>to after umpteen million hours of listening to NPR and other radio
>shows (I always have the radio going when I am in my office on some
>innocuous talk-show or news program as background noise).
>
>
>-- 
><><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
><>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
><><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54702
From: porges@beretta.camb.inmet.com (Don Porges)
Subject: Re: JFFO has gone a bit too far


Having read the posted long article by JPFO, I have some observations:

1.  This article does NOT claim that the GCA of 1968 is a "verbatim 
translation" of a Nazi law.  What it says is that in another place --
the book they're talking about -- they compare the two things section
by section.  The implication is that the similarities are devastating.
In the next sentence, they talk about how in that book they reproduce 
the German text of the Nazi law, together with its translation.  Not 
surprisingly, a reader could easily conflate these two things into a 
single idea:  that the American GCA is a literal translation of the Nazi
law; and sure enough, that's what the whole thing has mutated into, 
urban-folklore style.

2.  The article goes to great pains to establish that Senator Dodd had a 
copy of the Nazi law, either from his time on the Nurnberg prosecution 
team or later.  This fact is considered highly incriminating, but I don't 
understand why.  The author repeats several times that he is simply unable 
to imagine how anyone could come into possession of the original text; and 
yet in a paragraph towards the end, he explains it perfectly:

"If Dodd got his copy of the original German text of the Nazi Weapons
Law during his time at Nurnberg, it likely was part of a collection of
documents, for example, issues of the Reichsgesetzblatt [the German
law registry]."

Bingo.  Exactly.  

Dodd had a *book*, with a series of Nazi laws in it, including the one
under discussion.  All of the stuff about "Why would a U.S. congressman
have a copy of a Nazi law?" melts away, by the author's admission.  He
then continues:  "But if he acquired the original German text of the 
Nazi Weapons Law after his service at Nurnberg, he must have done so 
for a very specific reason..."  But there's absolutely no reason to 
think that this is the case.  In fact, as a "senior member of the U.S. 
team that helped to prosecute Nazi war criminals", it seems to me that
he would have *had* to have a copy.  All arguments about whether 
the Nazi Weapon Law is really of historical interest (as it obviously
is, certainly according to the author here), or whether Dodd personally
prosecuted the Interior Minister who signed it, can be put aside as red 
herrings.

3.  Having established that Dodd owned a copy of the original German text, the
JPFO article then tries to draw sinister implications from the fact that he 
asked to have it translated.  The problem is, in the context of the charge 
levelled at Dodd, these two things work *against* each other.  People ask 
to have things translated when they *don't know what they mean*.  If Dodd 
took it upon himself to preserve the Nazi law with idea of someday introducing 
it into American law, surely by 1968 he would have know what it *meant*, 
wouldn't he?
    Anyway, this precise charge -- the main one that I questioned in an earlier
posting -- is just silly.  Why would Dodd need the exact translation for this
purpose?  Is the idea that the gun controllers, despite being presumably bent
on disarming the populace with the goal of eventually destroying all civil
liberties, needed a crib sheet?  Didn't they have any idea how to do it
on their own?
    Once again, the author provides a perfectly acceptable answer to his
own question: "Dodd may have offered his copy of the Nazi Weapons Law
to show that the specific proposal did not resemble anything in the 
Nazi law."  In fact, since the law and its translation *were* entered
into the Congressional Record, under the heading of documents "concerning
the history of Nazism and gun confiscation", Dodd's motivation isn't a 
mystery:  he asked for the translation in order to put it in the CR.

4.  Even this article makes it clear that the part of the Nazi law that
was added *by* the Nazi regime is only a small part of that law.  
Registration of guns, for instance, was begun in 1928, and thus NOT
a "Nazi-inspired" idea.  The parts of the Nazi law that parallel the 
1968 GCA include handgun control of some sort, and the identification 
of certain weapons as sporting weapons.  The JPFO then goes on to list 
other parts of the Nazi law, forbidding ownership of weapons by Jews;
of course, there are no such provisions in the American GCA.  Nevertheless,
in a rhetorical move guaranteed to muddy the waters, immediately after the 
discussion of the anti-Jewish parts of the law, the JPFO article continues, 
"Given the parallels between the Nazi Weapons Law and the GCA'68..." -- so 
as to get maximum emotional mileage out of that aspect of the law.
-- 
					-- Don Porges
					porges@inmet.camb.inmet.com
					..uunet!inmet!porges

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54703
From: gress@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (GRESS  JOSEPH JOHN  )
Subject: Re: With Friends Like These -- L. Neil Smith

In article <C5D05G.6xw@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca> papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod) writes:
>In article <1993Apr10.155819.18237@sco.com> allanh@sco.COM (Allan J. Heim) writes:
>>Look, if you can figure out a reliable means of keeping guns away from
>>bad people, while not interfering with good people, I think we'd all be
>>for it.  The problem is, the methods we're using now don't do the trick.
>
>Don't manufacture them.  Don't sell them.  Don't import them.
>
>Some guns will get through, but far fewer, and far less people will
>die because of them.  Hunting weapons could be allowed, of course, as
>long as they are big, and bulky, and require reloading after a few
>shots (how many times can you shoot at the same animal, anyways One
>assumes they are moving!)
>
>
First of all let's assume that you are right that fewer guns would make it 
in to the country, that sounds great (to those that see guns as inherently
evil) except then every one  of those guns would be in the hands  of someone
who obviously couldn't care less about following the law, after all they 
got the gun illegally, so is more likely to commit a crime with that gun.
Great then everyone with a gun is likely to use it in a crime, nice system.

Now  as to reducing the number of guns  coming into society by making it 
illegal to manufacture, sell, or import them in this coutry,  let me use
a parallel for empiric evidence.  The amount of cocaine in this country is
far less since its manufacture, sale, and importation was out lawwed.    If
that last statement is true then perhaps we should consider your plan.  This 
could also apply to drugs in general.

PLAIN OLD  JOE
>



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54704
From: fiddler@concertina.Eng.Sun.COM (steve hix)
Subject: Re: Your Evil Tax Dollars at Work, was RE: ATF BURNS RANCH ETC ETC...

In article <93112.230800MBS110@psuvm.psu.edu> Mark 'Mark' Sachs <MBS110@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
>In article <93112.153005MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU>,
>>From A.P. :  According to numerous accounts by those in the compound,
>>the fire was started by an armoured vehicle crushing a large propane
>>tank, and turning over numerous gas lanterns.

>Oh? Then why did the smoke and flames start from three different places?
>In particular, three different places where there were no APV's?

According to an AP report (from Texas, written by Jaime Aron) this morning,
in addtion to the gas pumped in by hoses from CS generators, canisters of
tear gas were thrown into the building from armored vehicles, one of the
canisters hitting a man inside in the face.

This was in the part of the article *before* going into differences in
the stories told by BD survivors and the gov't.

Tear gas canisters *used* to be able to start fires...





-- 
-------------------------------------------------------
| Some things are too important not to give away      |
| to everybody else and have none left for yourself.  |
|------------------------ Dieter the car salesman-----|

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54706
From: klm@gozer.mv.com (Kevin L. McBride)
Subject: The Holocaust Revisited

The U.S. Government's campaign of persecution and genocide against the
Branch Davidians was a resounding success.

Heil Clinton!  Heil Reno!  The Gestapo is alive and well and living in
Washington, D.C.

-- 
Kevin, who agrees that David Koresh was probably a first-rate nutcase
       but who firmly believes that the Bill of Rights guaranteed his
       his right to be a religious fanatic and that the government is
       guilty of violating his civil rights and of 1st degree murder.

       OK, which small, under-represented-in-congress religious group
       are we going to persecute next and are we going to torch their
       church with a rolled up copy of the Constitution?

       I think I'm going to be sick now. . .

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54707
From: jbs@rti.rti.org
Subject: Re: text of White House announcement and Q&As on clipper chip encryption

In article <strnlghtC5tr6D.n3n@netcom.com> strnlght@netcom.com (David Sternlight) writes:
>
>Though I agree this is not the place to discuss guns, I note in passing that
>a number of gun apologists seem to have ignored the words "well regulated"
>in their distorted interpretations of the Second Amendment.

What interpretations?  Just read it as it's written.
   "A well-regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free
state, the right of the people, to keep and bear arms, shall not be
infringed."

Where does it say "The right of the people to be members of a militia shall
not be infringed" or "The right of the militia to keep and bear arms shall
not be infringed?"  NOWHERE.


"Well-educated businessmen being necessary to the ability of the nation to
compete in the international marketplace, the right of the people to attend
schools shall not be infringed."

Would you "interpret" this to mean that only businessmen should have a
protected right to attend schools?  Why or why not?

  -joe

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54708
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Re: S414 (Brady bill) loopholes?


In article <shepardC5p2y6.GC1@netcom.com>, shepard@netcom.com (Mark Shepard) writes:
>Hi. I've just finished reading S414, and have several questions about
>the Brady bills (S414 and HR1025).

Good!
>
>1. _Are_ these the current versions of the Brady bill?
>     What is the status of these bills?  I've heard they're "in committee".
>     How close is that to being made law?

Not very.  Thanks to the filibuster in the Senate, things are backing up.  The
House judiciary  is going to start looking at our friends from the ATF, so that
bill will be held up a little, too.  NOTE: Things can change quickly.

>
>2. S414 and HR1025 seem fairly similar.  Are there any important
>   differences I missed?
>
>3. S414 seems to have some serious loopholes:
>  A. S414 doesn't specify an "appeals" process to wrongful denial during
>     the waiting period, other than a civil lawsuit(?)  (S414 has an appeals
>     process once the required instant background check system is established,
>     but not before).

I thought there was a correction process in both bills for both parts.

>  B. the police are explicitly NOT liable for mistakes in denying/approving
>     using existing records (so who would I sue in "A" above to have an
>     inaccurate record corrected?)

Very correct.

>  C. S414 includes an exception-to-waiting-period clause for if a person
>     can convince the local Chief Law-Enforcement Officer (CLEO) of an
>     immediate threat to his or her life, or life of a household member.
>     But S414 doesn't say exactly what is considered a "threat", nor does
>     it place a limit on how long the CLEO takes to issue an exception
>     statement.

Welcome to the world of "the privileged".

>True?  Have I misunderstood?  Any other 'holes?

How about no compulsion to allow purchase if there is no evidence against?

>
>4. With just S414, what's to stop a person with a "clean" record from
>   buying guns, grinding off the serial numbers, and selling them to crooks?
>   At minimum, what additional laws are needed to prevent this?

It is already illegal to do this.

>
>   'Seems at min. a "gun counting" scheme would be needed
>   (e.g., "John Doe owns N guns").  So, if S414 passes, I wouldn't be surprised
>   to see legislation for stricter, harder-to-forge I.D.'s plus national gun
>   registration, justified by a need to make the Brady bill work.

This is the "health" card.  Or so some "paranoids" claim.  I say that just
because you're paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you.   :-) 1/2

>
>Please comment.  I'm mainly interested in specific problems with the current
>legislation--I don't mean to start a general discussion of the merits
>of any/all waiting-period bills ever proposed.
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54709
From: fontenot@ravl.rice.edu (Dwayne Jacques Fontenot)
Subject: FBI is not stupid

hello,

I just want to make 2 points:

1) The FBI is not stupid. These people are chosen for their intelligence,
education, loyalty to the government, etc. They are given much intensive
training. So, to all of you who refuse to believe there could be any
conspiracy here, and say that the FBI was just stupid, I say I don't
believe it.

2) The FBI has acces to the latest in audio and video technology -- the
latest digital systems. The FBI can manufacture evidence. Need a tape of
Koresh saying, "light the fire", and you can have one. Need a thermal
imaging video of three people lighting fires, and through the magic of
computer graphics, you can have one. The thing is, manufacturing these
pieces of evidence takes time. So it may be a few more days before we
get to see them. Or maybe we just haven't heard any tapes or seen any
FBI video is because it is:
	1) classified
	2) too gruesome for our eyes
	3) lost/got coffee spilled on it

Dwayne Jacques Fontenot

BTW, I get my information from live video feeds. I read the papers too,
but almost everything in them contradicts what I have seen with my own eyes.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54710
From: fbrown@seaway.ssd.kodak.com (Frank Brown 726-0415)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r75n1INN97g@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:
>In article <dusek.735489223@shale> dusek@rtsg.mot.com (James P. Dusek) writes:
>> ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig) writes:
>> >or the cultists...) I think I'll quote the BBC quoting (actually voice
>> >interview) one of the two British survivors. He claimed that the fire
>> >started when the tanks caused an internal wooden wall/roof to collapse
>> >knocking over kerosene lamps and that they had no suicide plan.
>> 
>> 	If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
>> burning building?
>> 
>I don't know, why?
>
This is the AP story from Fri morning.

As the walls came tumbling down and tear gas filled the air, cult leader
David Koresh sprang into action. He left his third-floor bedroom and began
looking around the house, making sure women and children were secure and 
checking that everyone had their gas masks on properly. Within hours, the    
compound became an inferno. Nine Branch Davidians excaped.
   This is their story, gleaned from lawyers who spoke with six of them
who are jailed on charges that include conspiracy and murder. That day the 
six said a portable radio offered the only contact with the outside world    
since Koresh's right-hand man, Steve Schneider, ripped out the compounds's 
phone line after FBI agents called before dawn Monday saying this was the
cults last chance: Come out or prepare to get forced out.
    They kept their word. By dawn, tanks were battering the Mount Carmel
compound, punching for hours to creat holes for tear gas to enter. The BD
meanwhile proceeded with their daily routines. Strapped into gas masks, the
women did laundry. Others read Bibles in their rooms. The 17 children, all
under 10, remained by their mothers' sides. Still, it was hard to ignore what    
was happening around them. Each time a tank rammed the poorly-constructed building
it shook violently. Cult members dodges falling gypsum wallboard and doors.
Hundreds of gas canisters hurled in from the armored vehicles were filling
the air with noxious fumes. The flying canisters were more frightening than
the tanks. At least one man was hit in the face. The gas began filling the air,
driven by heavy gusts of wind coming through windows and the holes the tanks
made. Scattered throughout the house, the cult members made no efforts to
gather. Then the FBI sent in its biggest weapon -- a massive armored vehicle
headed for a chamber, lined with cinder blocks, where authorities hoped to 
find Koresh and Schneider and fire tear gas directly at them.
  Here the cult members' story diverges from the government's version. The
FBI says cult members set fires in three places. But each of the six cult
members, in separate discussions with lawyers, consistently gave versions
at odds with the FBI's account. They say the tank flattened a barrel of 
propane, spilling its contents. And as the tank thundered through the house,
it tipped over lit lanterns, spitting flames that ignited the propane and
other flammables. The home of used lumber, plywood, and wallboard tacked 
together with tar paper was vulnerable. The building erupted. Nine BD's
escaped jumping through windows and dashing through other openings. Others
died groping in the blackness.

Frank




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54711
From: malexan@a.cs.okstate.edu (ALEXANDER MICHAEL)
Subject: Re: BATF Acronym

In article <8110360@hpfcso.FC.HP.COM> cunniff@hpfcso.FC.HP.COM (Ross Cunniff) writes:
>diederic@spot.Colorado.EDU (Andrew Diederich) writes:
>>B. arely
>>A. dequate,
>>T. otally
>>F. ***ed!
>
>The one I made up last night was:
>
>	Bureau of
>	Assault,
>	Theft, and
>	Frame-ups
>
Try this one, a favorite around here:

Bureau of Assholes, Tightwads, and Facists.

And remember, they were created by the Infernal Revenue Code.

			--msa


-- 
Soon I discovered that this rock thing was true.  Jerry Lee Lewis was the Devil.
Jesus was an architect previous to his career as a prophet.  All of a sudden,
I found myself in love with the world, so there was only one thing that I could
do was ding a ding dang my dang a long ling long.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54712
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: HR 1276 ("A gun law I can live with!" :-)

In article <1993Apr21.200151.4937@dg-rtp.dg.com>, meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers) writes:
> >                                     A BILL 
> > To establish the right to obtain firearms for security, and
> >     to use firearms in defense of self, family, or home, and
> >     to provide for the enforcement of such right.

> In article <1qkshq$l39@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
> writes:
> [ ... ]
> >Maybe I'm too "religious," but when I see a bill to "establish a right,"
> >I wince.  Keep in mind, what the law giveth, the law can taketh away.

> Hey, guys.  You're absolutely correct, and well on the way to winning
> this battle ... and losing the war.  Yes, there are serious philosophical
> flaws in HR 1276.  Technical ones, too -- how'd you like to sue the Feds,
> lose, and have to pay _their_ "reasonable Attorney's fee" ... ?    :-)

> Still, I have one basic question:  compared to what we've _got_ is HR 1276
> (a) better, or (b) worse?  This one shouldn't even take you three guesses.

Compared to the Second Amendment?  I think it's worse.

The problem is, the devil is in the details.  You know, the Brady Bill
sounds like a "good idea" too, until you discover that there is NO check,
and that the police DON'T have to allow your purchase even if you check
out, and that you have NO recourse if they don't.

Are there any loopholes here?  I'm no lawyer, I can't be sure.  I
would have never noticed the second one mentioned above in the Brady
Bill, for example.

The more words involved, the more details.  What was that saying about
Abraham Lincoln requiring 200 words to free the slaves, and the modern
Congress requiring 3,000,000 words to describe price controls on rice?

> If there's a good enough show of support for HR 1276, maybe for a change
> _we_ could be the ones saying "it's a reasonable first step" ...

That only works with bad laws.  Good laws are like good computer programs.  
Quality has to be written in from the start, not added on later.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54713
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Photographers removed from compound

In article <C5wJFz.Bus@news.udel.edu>, roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
> >> I find this disturbing. 

> >Good.  Keep thinking critically.

> Dont' patronize me and I won't patronize you.

Feel free to patronize me all you like; I need the tips. :-)
Seriously, if you were insulted, I apologize.

> The most tiresome thing about this group is that so many people 
> tell others they are sucking up to the government when ever they 
> decide that something the government says is plausible and praise 
> them as independent thinkers whenever they find something the government 
> says implausible.

People are sucking up to the government when they decide that ONLY the
things the government says are plausible.  Especially if they refuse to
consider reasonable alternatives.

However, from what I saw plastered all over the TV news last night, it's
no longer necessary to be an "independent thinker" to depart from the
government's party line.  It looks like our "independent press" may 
actually be starting to be earn its clothes allowance.  This, to me, is
a good sign.  I hope it continues.

> Here's a clue.  Independent thinkers are able to come to either conclusion 
> depending on the circumstances.  Non-critical thinkers are the ones who would 
> always come to the same type of conclusion regardless of the circumstances.

Independent thinkers question authority.  In a situation where only one
set of facts are being presented, "coming to a conclusion" is not the 
hallmark of an independent thinker unless it's coupled with the ability
to challenge those "facts" critically.  The scientific method consists
of more than choosing the popular hypothesis; it's even more than choosing
between two hypotheses that other people have proposed.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54714
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Your Evil Tax Dollars at Work, was RE: ATF BURNS RANCH ETC ETC...

In article <93112.230800MBS110@psuvm.psu.edu>, Mark 'Mark' Sachs <MBS110@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
> I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem eager to believe
> a murderous, heavily-armed religious cult, despite much evidence to the
> contrary.

Murderous, huh?  Yeah, there was all sorts of carnage going on there in
the 60 YEARS they were there -- BEFORE the government assaulted them.
Oh, I forgot -- you probably consider self-defense as murder.

> Thought Experiment: Suppose this exact same thing happened under
> the Bush administration. What would your answer be then? Would you still
> prefer to believe the cultists?

Damn right.  This is not a partisan thing; it's about individual 
liberties -- the right of a citizen to be left the hell alone.

> (No, I don't really expect a response to that challenge.)

That's another indication that you don't understand the issue.

> So is there any particular reason the gummint decided to slaughter eighty
> people? Are they, like, just plain evil, or what? Did they just wake up
> one day, stretch and yawn, and throw a dart at a map of the United States
> to figure out who to oppress that day? I'm eager to know.

Maybe they said:

"Our appropriations are coming up soon.  We need a good PR boost.  Let's
find a socially unpopular group who happen to have a lot of guns, go in
like gangbusters, be heros, and have the local media get it all on video 
tape.  Then we won't have to worry about our budget until next year."

> Does [Bill Clinton] look good in a cape?

Why don't you knit one to match his jogging outfit?
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54715
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1993Apr23.152549.8169@starbase.trincoll.edu>, () writes:
> In article <1r5rnn$rdt@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>, bu008@cleveland.Freenet.Edu

> > Perhaps you've been under a rock the last few days?  The BATF and the FBI
> > are both federal agencies.  Clinton has admitted in front of news cameras
> > that Janet Reno (the once and future Attorney General) gave him a full
> > briefing of what was planned *before* they did it, and he gave her the
> > go ahead.

> > Maybe, just possibly, that makes him a *teensy* bit responsible?

> Perhaps you've been under a rock since, say, the turn of the century. How
> in the #$^& is one man supposed to review every single freaking
> governmental action, every day? That's why we have an executive branch. HE
> reviewed the plan and said "go," but he wasn't the architect and he wasn't
> there, bullhorn in hand, implementing it. Yes, he was responsible in the
> sense that he was briefed. So what! Shit happens. 

Hey, joe -- assuming you're old enough to remember it -- how did you feel
about presidential responsibility every time Reagan said "I don't recall" 
about his arms-for-hostages meetings with the Ollie North gang?

How did you feel about it when Bush said he "was out of the loop on that
decision" when he was right there in the thick of it?

Oh, right.  "He was responsible in the sense that he was briefed, but so
what -- shit happens!"  Is that what you said?

> joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54718
From: wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu> green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green) writes:
>Just to shed some light on the fire, it was widely reported (AP, etc.) that
>there WERE several witnesses to BD folks starting the fires.  It has also
>been reported that the fires broke out in several places at once, which
>rules out a Bradley knocking over a lamp, etc. as the cause.

The only folks claiming this are the ATF/FBI who have an interest in
putting the blame on the BD's. Wake up.


>What I would like to see is some serious discussion of this incident.  I
>believe the moves made were right and proper, but I still have some problems
>with some of the tactics.  After watching the ABC special on it tonight, as
>well as CNN and Nightline, I question some of the ATF and FBI actions.

Right and proper? How? It was FUBAR from day 1.

>1) Could it have been possible to have taken Koresh outside the compound at
>some time before the Feb. 28th raid?
>
From all independent sources. Yes. 

>2) Could a further wait have resulted in a different outcome.

It would have hurt nothing to wait and the result could hardly have been
worse.

>3) Were FBI actions (blaring loudspeakers, etc.) the "right" course of action?

Sure, it you want to someone you claim is a dangerous paranoid even
more paranoid.

>And a few other questions.  Like I said, I believe the actions taken, in
>general, were proper.  But I still have some reservations.
>
>One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
>"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
>had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.

And what makes you think that "waffle boy" didn't tell her to take the
wrap. It was job preservation not "balls".
-- 
 +   Wayne J. Warf -- WWARF@ucs.indiana.edu -- I speak for myself only   +
 |*Clinton*Gore*CIA*FBI*DEA*Assassinate*Bomb*WoD*BoR*ATF*IRS*Resist*NSA* |
 |*Christian*God*Satan*Apocalypse*ZOG*Nazi*Socialist*Communist*Explosive*|
 +*fundamentalist*revolution*NSC*Federal Reserve*Constitution*gold*FEMA* +

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54719
From: strait@cheetah.csl.uiuc.edu (Jeffrey C. Strait)
Subject: Re: NRA address?

In article <7307@pdxgate.UUCP>, barker@rigel.cs.pdx.edu (James Barker) writes:
> Could someone email me a USNail address for the NRA? I'd like to write them
> a letter encouraging them to see to it VERY EMPHATICALLY that the 2nd
> amendment is restored to the form that the founding fathers intended.

National Rifle Association
1600 Rhode Island Ave. NW
Washington, DC 20036-3268
1-800-368-5714 (membership)

-- 
| Jeff Strait                       | strait@uicsl.csl.uiuc.edu        |
| University of Illinois            | PHONE: (217) 333-6444            |
| "If you ladies leave this island, if you survive basic recruit       |
| training, you will be a weapon, a minister of death praying for war" |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54720
From: vojak@icebucket.stortek.com (Bill Vojak)
Subject: Question on Senate Bills

 I'm writting letters to my Congresscritters and was wondering if
 there is any reason(s) why I should NOT support the following
 Bills, other than the previous comments about S.458.  Just checking
 before I mail the letter to make sure I don't support something
 that I really shouldn't.

 -----------------
 I strongly SUPPORT the following laws currently being considered in Congress
 as they would either have a positive effect towards reducing crime, or re-
 enforce our Constitutional right under the 2nd amendment.

 * S. 441 (Campbell)	To amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a
			mandatory minimum sentence for the unlawful possession
			of a firearm by a convicted felon, a fugitive from
			justice, a person who is addicted to, or an unlawful
			user of, a controlled substance, or a transferor or
			receiver of a stolen firearm, to increase the general
			penalty for violation of Federal firearms laws,
			and to increase the enhanced penalties provided for the 
			possession of a firearm in connection with a crime of 
			violence or drug trafficking crime, and for other
			purposes.

 * S.458  (Smith) 	To restore the second Amendment Rights of all Americans.

 * S.488  (Specter)	To provide Federal penalties for drive-by shootings.

 * S.504  (Kohl)	To amend section 924 of title 18, United States Code to
			make it a Federal crime to steal a firearm or explosives
			in interstate or foreign commerce.


                                Bill Vojak
                                vojak@icebucket.stortek.com
				NRA, ILA,
                                Colorado Firearms Coalition
-----------------------------------------------------------------
 Here's a story, bout a man named Brady, who took a .22 bullet
 in his head.  Even though he can act perfectly normal, he
 prefers to pretend he's brain dead.

 Here's a story, bout a woman named Brady, who had nothing to
 do but sit around all day.  Then her husband became a media
 martyr, now she wants to take all your guns away.

 The Brady Bunch, The Brady Bunch, This is how we got stuck
 with the Brady Bunch. . . . .
-----------------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54721
From: kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??


In article <CMM.0.90.2.735315429.thomasp@holmenkollen.ifi.uio.no>, Thomas Parsli 
<thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
> 	1. Make a new Newsgroup called talk.politics.guns.PARANOID or 
> 	talk.politics.guns.THEY'R.HERE.TO.TAKE.ME.AWAY


Well, may I point out that paranoia is an IRRATIONAL fear, without basis
in reality.  As we've seen here in the US, there is nothing irrational
about it.  Perhaps you folks in Finland have been down on your knees
being good little boys and girls so that the former Soviet Union didn't
come across the border and stomp the snot out of you for so long that
you just figure everybody should be so accomodating to tyranny.


> 
> 	2. Move all postings about waco and burn to (guess where)..
> 
> 	3. Stop posting #### on this newsgroup


If you don't like us talking about political issues involving attacks
on people for owning guns, don't read talk.politics.guns.


> 
> 	We are all SO glad you're trying to save us from the evil 
> 	goverment, but would you mail this #### in regular mail to
> 	let's say 1000 people ????
> 	

Nobody's trying to save YOU from anything, so butt out.  I couldn't
care less about what somebody on the other side of the world thinks 
about this. Of course, you do have a right to an opinion...  but I've
always figured that opinons are like hemmorhoids.  Every asshole's
got them, I just don't care about yours. 



  **************************************************************************
*     I remember what I was doing         *    Bad boy, whatcha gonna do    * 
*  when I heard that JFK had been shot.   *        Whatcha gonna do         *
*  Will you remember the Battle of Waco?  *    when they come for you...    *
 ***************************************************************************
Ken Whitehead (kdw@odin.icd.ab.com)



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54722
From: cathyf@is.rice.edu (Catherine Anne Foulston)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

Could y'all PLEASE stop posting this stuff to tx.general.  tx.politics
is sufficient and is where this stuff belongs.  Thanks.

	Cathy
-- 
Cathy Foulston + Rice University + Network & Systems Support + cathyf@rice.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54723
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: The Dayton Gun "Buy Back" (Re: Boston Gun Buy Back)

According to WNCI 97.9 FM radio this morning, Dayton, Ohio is operating a
gun "buy back".  They are giving $50 for every functional gun turned in.
They ran out of money in one day, and are now passing out $50 vouchers of
some sort.  They are looking for more funds to keep operating.  Another
media-event brought to you by HCI.

Is there something similar pro-gun people can do ?  For example, pay $100
to anyone who lawfully protects their life with a firearm ?  Sounds a bit
tacky, but hey, whatever works.
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54724
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Re: Need Senate Bill numbers and House Resolution numbers

In article <C5u7Io.uMw@hawnews.watson.ibm.com> mjp@vnet.ibm.com (Michael J. Phelps) writes:
>
>Try the firearms archive.  Larry Cipriani's instructions follow.  By
>the way, thanks for the archive Larry..

There are a few bills not yet in the archive, but these are the main ones
we need to fight.  And thanks to David Robinson for scanning so many of
them in for us!

The subdirectory bills are stored in was moved from "congress" to
"Congress", that is:

godiva.nectar.cs.cmu.edu:/usr0/anon/pub/firearms/politics/rkba/Congress
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54725
From: j979@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca (FULLER  M)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...

In article <1993Apr21.040839.20574@ucsu.Colorado.EDU> fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary) writes:
>In article <1993Apr20.050550.4660@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca> j979@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca (FULLER  M) writes:
>>That the gas was "not harmful", as the sensitive, caring Janet Reno described 
>>it?
>
>Is it? As far as I know, tear gas, especially in large concentrations,
>is very dangerous (even toxic) for small children. This makes the
>FBI's supposedconcern for the safety of the children seem rather 
>hypocritical.
>

Not to mention that the G-men believed the children didn't have gas masks.

But that was not, with respect to the children, the point of the gassing.
The feds *knew* that the children's health would be in danger and proceeded
under the assumption that the "motherly instinct" of the Davidian women
would remove them from harm's way. I busted a gut on that one.

Someone else on the net observed that the administration's appeal to a
woman's "motherly instinct" would never wash with feminists and liberals
if a republican were in the White House. I say that such an justification
could *only* come from a feminist mindset. 

BTW - I'd read in the paper yesterday that the type of gas used was CS2.
The paper didn't provide any specifics about it.

"Guess I'm still writing..."
Malcolm Fuller, Surveying Engineering, University of New Brunswick
malcolm@atlantic.cs.unb.ca or j979@jupiter.csd.unb.ca              }>:-/> --->
_____________ Malo periculosam libertatem quam quietam servitutem ____________

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54726
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks
From: kmcvay@oneb.almanac.bc.ca (Ken Mcvay)

In article <C5wMp5.5u9@boi.hp.com> jeffw@boi.hp.com (jeff waldeck) writes:

>Where did you hear about the thermal imaging? I haven't heard this yet 
>(not that I doubt it, I'm just looking for sources...) 

This was reported in Canadian papers Thursday, 22 April - I _think_ the
source was UPI, but don't recall for certain.

>It seems to me that if they did have this kind of info, they could
>broadcast it and it would resolve (or at least help to resolve) alot
>of doubt in people's minds. 

>Personally, the way the (FBI/BATF/Reno/etc) is claiming all sorts of
>things without offering one shred of proof (other than their "good word")
>is very suspicious to me. A picture is worth a thousand words...

I understand that at least two goverment investigations have been ordered,
so we may learn more during their hearings. 

>I sincerely hope you are right and it turns out (with indisputable
>proof broadcast across our land) that the Government groups had nothing
>to do with the fire. But until I see such proof, I think it is just as
>likely that a tank did knock over a lantern as Koresh torching the place.
>The only "evidence" I have seen is a tank crashing through the front
>wall, withdrawing, and seconds later flames are seen (the first flames
>on the video) erupting from this very same spot. Coincidence? Perhaps.

Tough call without more investigation, but if the thermal imaging story
holds up, I think the government will be more credable... of course,
paranoia fans won't believe their results anyway, will they?

>If such proof exists, the Government should publish it and put all this
>speculation to rest.

Hear, hear! I'd also like to see the autopsy reports confirm news reports
that multiple victims were found shot (in the head), and in positions
inconsistent with fire victims. It is simply too early to draw conclusions
either way about this nasty incident, but I tend to believe the government
side.

-- 
The Old Frog's Almanac - A Salute to That Old Frog Hisse'f, Ryugen Fisher 
     (604) 245-3205 (v32) (604) 245-4366 (2400x4) SCO XENIX 2.3.2 GT 
  Ladysmith, British Columbia, CANADA. Serving Central Vancouver Island  
with public access UseNet and Internet Mail - home to the Holocaust Almanac

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54727
From: hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker)
Subject: Re: Hallam-Baker bashes tpgers (was Re: Welcome to Police State USA)


In article <1993Apr22.041542.11054@a.cs.okstate.edu>, kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT) writes:

|>From article <C5t9IA.6F9@dscomsa.desy.de>, by hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker):

|>> If anyone wants to understand the paranoid mindset of Koresh I offer you
|>> talk.politics.guns. There you can dredge the sewers of minds so hung
|>> up on power and ego trips that they bend reality arround their own
|>> particular set of beleifs.
|>
|>Just what the hell do you base that ludicrous claim on?  There are 
|>*plenty* of fine, decent people people who read/post to t.p.g.  If
|>any of these people are paranoid it is because of people like you.

Hey dude you are making me paranoid! What an argument!!!


|>> I long ago gave up arguing the case for arms control directly. Instead
|>> I invite people to ask themselves, would you want to be in a room full
|>> of the occupants of talk.politics.guns, their personal armouries and
|>> attempt to enter a discussion with them?
|>
|>I'd have a spot of tea with them. :)  You probably gave up on arguing the
|>case for arms control directly long ago because posters who *know*
|>what they are talking about (e.g., Frank Crary) disproved all your
|>arguments for why more gun control is needed.  So, you gave up because
|>you know they are right and you couldn't refute their answers.

No, Frank Crary's arguments are based on the assumption that most people
are sane, normal people. tpg disproves this of gun owners. USEnet as a whole
disproves it of humanity as a whole.

We now have proof positive that guns don't make you safer. Buy a lot of
guns and you either get shot in the no knock raid or get the FBI to burn
down your house. See even in the paranoid mindset of tpg there are good reasons
to support gun control.


Cuddles 'n kisses

Phill 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54728
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <9l15qxn@rpi.edu>, lswilfin@mercury.ral.rpi.edu (Lee S Wilfinger) writes:
> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
> 
> >Obnly something like 12% of guns used in crime in the US are purchased 
> >from legitimate dealers (and not necessarily by the person who used them
> >in the crime).  So we already HAVE that much "gun control."
> 
> I've seen this mentioned a number of times. I'm curious; what is the
> source for this statistic? 

The number bounces between 2% and 18%, depending on the study quoted and
the type of gun being studied.

Some cites:

---------------------------------------

A recent BATF study (titled "Protecting America, Yes") surveyed 471 career 
criminals and found that only 7% of guns used in violent crimes were
purchased from retail dealers.

---------------------------------------

National Institute of Justice
Research in Brief

November 1986

                        The Armed Criminal in America
                              by James D. Wright

(1) Legitimate firearms retailers play only a minor role as direct
    sources of handguns for adult felony offenders.

Only about one-sixth of the gun-owning felons obtained their most
recent handguns through a customary retail transaction involving a
licensed firearms dealer.  The remainder -- five out of six --
obtained them via informal, off-the-record transactions involving
friends and associates, family members, and various black market
outlets.  The means of acquisition from these informal sources
included cash purchase, swaps and trades, borrowing and renting, and
often theft.  The criminal handgun market is overwhelmingly dominated
by informal transactions and theft as mechanisms of supply.

---------------------------------------

INDEPENDENCE ISSUE PAPER No. 4- 91
Independence Institute
14142 Denver West Parkway #101
Golden, CO 80401 
(303) 279-6536

              WHY GUN WAITING PERIODS THREATEN PUBLIC SAFETY
                             By David B. Kopel

     The basic problem with waiting periods is shown by a Bureau of Alcohol,
Tobacco and Firearms study of gun dealer sales in Des Moines and Greenville.
The study found that about one to two percent of sales were to dangerous
criminals.[51]  In short, waiting periods have no statistically noticeable
impact on any type of crime because only a tiny fraction of crime guns
are purchased at retail by ineligible buyers.

51. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, Assistant Director of Criminal
Enforcement, Memorandum to Director, July 10, 1975 (Greenville survey; of
20,047 names submitted to FBI for record checks, 68 had felony convictions;
of those, 41 had not been represented by counsel at their conviction or who
committed crimes in the distant past; twenty-seven buyers were prosecuted)
(of the 1.3% of buyers selected for prosecution, .9% had non-violent felony
convictions, and .4% had violent convictions). Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and
Firearms, Assistant Director for Criminal Enforcement, memorandum to
Director, May 8, 1975 (of 374 records checked, 39 were purchasers with felony
records who were not appropriate for prosecution because of age or
non-violent nature of felony; six purchasers were prosecuted).

---------------------------------------

INDEPENDENCE ISSUE PAPER No. 12-91

                          THE ASSAULT WEAPON PANIC:
                      POLITICAL CORRECTNESS" TAKES AIM
                            AT THE CONSTITUTION

                      By Eric Morgan and David Kopel

     Testimony before Congress revealed that most "assault weapons" in the
hands of criminals were obtained through illegal channels.{97}  The testimony
is consistent with the National Institute of Justice's research findings
based on studies of felons in state prisons. The NU study, authored by
sociologists James D. Wright and Peter Rossi found that only sixteen percent
of criminals had obtained their most recent handgun from a gun store. (The
figures included purchases by legal surrogates, rather than directly by the
criminal.) Wright and Rossi, who had begun their research as firm proponents
of gun control, concluded that no set of controls on retail purchases, and
probably not even full scale gun prohibition, would reduce criminal use of
guns. Wright and Rossi suggested that lawmakers concerned about gun crime
directly target the black market in criminal guns, and
leave the legitimate retail market alone.{98}   Not surprisingly, Wright
believes that the consequences of current "assault weapon" legislation on
street violence are likely to be ineffective.{99}   He warns that gun
controls aimed at ordinary citizens are less likely to reduce the pool of
criminal guns than to provide organized crime with lucrative new
business.{100}

6.   _See, _e.g., The Anti-drug, Assault Weapons Limitation Act of 1989. S.
Rep. No. 160, 101st. Cong., 1st. Sess. 6-8 (1989) [hereinafter SENATE REPORT]
(introduced by Senator DeConcini to reduce semiautomatic firearms abuse by
drug traffickers and violent criminals); Roberti-Roos Assault Weapons Control
Act of 1989, CAL. PENAL CODE $$ 12275-12290 (West 1990) [hereinafter Roberti-
Roos]; MD. ANN. CODE art. 27 $$ 442,481E (1989) (placing greater restrictions
on 17 varieties of "assault weapons," and providing punishments for failure
to comply or attempts to evade).

97.  SENATE REPORT, _supra note 6, at 17.

98.  James Wright & Peter Rossi, ARMED AND CONSIDERED DANGEROUS: A SURVEY OF
FELONS AND THEIR FIREARMS (New York: Aldine de Gruyter, 1986).

99.  _Lock _and _Load _for _the _Gunfight _of _'89, U.S. NEWS & WORLD REP.,
March 27, 1989, at 9 [hereinafter _Gunfight]. Wright also said, "If criminals
can get all the drugs they want, they can get guns, too." _Id.

100. James Wright, "Second Thoughts About Gun Control," 91 _The _Public
_Interest (Spring 1988), at 30-3 1.

-- 
cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54729
From: nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

<34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
>Ah yes, I see a few liberal weenies have come out of the woodwork
>to defend the burning of the children.

    Actually all the liberals I've seen have deplored the burning of 
children. I would far preferred that the Davidians had not set the 
fire that burned themselves and their children to death, but I don't 
believe that the responsibility for the fire (or the almost complete 
absense of attempts to escape the blaze) can be placed at the door of 
the Federal authorities.

>Probably drooled all over themselves while watching the TV coverage.

    Not so. My wife got me a convenient plastic "drip pan" for Christmas...

>Probably had a few like that in Nazi Germany, as well.

    Yeah, those Nazis. You know how we liberals just love those Nazis.

>Oh yeah, ATF/FBI now claims, according the the media, that there are
>a few survivors. The number seems to vary minute by minute.

    Yeah, as information trickles in... funny how that works...

--
Nathan Engle                        Software Juggler
Psychology Department               Indiana University
nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu      nengle@silver.ucs.indiana.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54730
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Need info on 43: 1 and suicide for refutation

In article <1qmuv8INNl8s@dns1.NMSU.Edu> loki@acca.nmsu.edu (Entropic Destroyer) writes:

>The following is quoted from the tail end of a (rather condescending)
>article about Paxton Quigley, that appeared in US Snooze and World Lies,
>(sorry... i think it was in the wall street journal...)
>and was repeated in the Colorado (people's) Daily, a student newspaper
>at the University of Colorado at Boulder.
>
>"A study of residential gunsot deaths in King County, Wash., found that
>a gun in the home was 43 times more likely to be used to kill its owner,
                    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>spouse, a friend, or child than to kill an intruder.  

       The "used to kill" is the heart of the misinformation.  It's one
of those technically accurate phrasings that conveys the wrong impression.
What Mr. Quiqley is more than aware of, I'm sure, is that when people
read this they think violent arguments where one member of the family
grabs a gun and shoots another, thereby creating a tragic situation
which could easily have been avoided had the gun not been there, or
a tragic accident, especially involving a child.

       Unfortunately, that's not the way things stack up.  The majority
of that 43 "times" (37 I believe) are suicides.  That is, someone 
intentionally took a firearm and shot themselves intending to kill 
themselves.  And why it's popular to try and blame suicides on guns,
the evidence doesn't support this.  Internal studies, as well as
comparative studies with other countries, indicate that cultural
factors far outweigh whether a person will kill themselves or not.
(Japan, for instance, has a slightly higher rate than the U.S.  There
people jump off buildings.)

       According to the National Crime Survey, 40% of violent crime
is commited by "non-strangers," which mistakenly has been generalized
regarding the King County study to mean, "Friends and family."  That
is, Mr. Quigley, and others who quote this statistic, are banking on
the mental image that a "Friend, family member, or child," equates
to a loving relationship, and that it was cut short in a moment of
anger.  Unfortunately, all too often husbands beat and kill wives,
children assault parents, or vice-versa.  Most rapes are commited by 
someone known to the victim, for instance.  Essentially, that a gun
was used against a "friend" or family member doesn't mean they
weren't trying to hurt the other person.  Crime is highest among
poor urban families, and those are also the areas most "at risk"
for family problems, especially violent ones.  A son in a gang may
not be as loving toward his parents if they disapprove than a suburban
kid might.

       Finally, it hinges on the fallacy that a dead intruder is the
only value of a self-defense firearm.  Using the minimum figures I
worked out using the NCS I got about an 80:1 ratio between deadly
self-defenses (justifiable homicides) and with-gun self-defenses.
Between the FBI Uniform Crime report and the NCS there's an enormous
amount of data and anybody with the calculator can crunch the numbers.
As such it is incorrect to assume that a dead body is the only valid
means of determining the success of such a defense, since according
to the NCS (which has been considered by many to seriously under-report
defenses) there were far more successful with-gun defenses than intruders
killed.

       Not it also confines itself to the home, where attack by a "friend
or family member" is far, far more likely, and excludes any defense
which occurs outside the home.  (I believe a large number occur in
businesses.)

>Studies by the 
>Western Psychiatric Institute, in Pittsburgh, found that the mere presence
>of a gun in the home sharply incresases the likelihood a family member
>will commit suicide, even in the absence of psychiatric illness."

       I have not seen the exact data for this, so I can't comment.  I
will point out Canada's and Japan's suicide rate as indications that
culture far more than firearm availability affect suicide rates.

       There was also a comparative study between Canada (for what
it's worth, considering the difficulty of comparing across cultural
lines) published in the New England Journal of Medicine (I can get the
exact cite if you need it) that concluded that restrictive firearm laws 
would not significantly impact the over-all suicide rate.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54731
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <93105.165359U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>In article <1993Apr15.184452.27322@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU> andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:
>>>Hell, a Glock is the last thing that should be switched to.  The only thing
>>>that I know about a Glock is the lack of a real safety on it.  Sure there is
>>>that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety.
>>
>>Now we know that Kratz doesn't understand what a safety is supposed to
>>do.  (He also confuses "things he can see" with "things that exist";
>>Glocks have multiple safeties even though only one is visible from the
>>outside.)
>
>Excuse me but I do know what I safety is supposed to do.

Kratz comments above show otherwise.

>It's basic purpose - not to let the gun fire until you're ready.

Bingo - now the question is, does the Glock's qualify?  Let's see
the evidence that Kratz uses.

>Christ, I've known that since I had my first Crosman air gun.  You don't
>know me so don't make assumptions about what I know and don't know.

But first an aside.  Having an air gun proves nothing.  Moreover,
my comments are based on what Kratz writes.  He's free to argue that
he babbles in text but actually knows something off-line.

>>A safety is supposed to keep the gun from going off UNLESS that's
>>what the user wants.  With Glocks, one says "I want the gun to go
>>off" by pulling the trigger.  If the safeties it has make that work,
>>it has a "real" safety, no matter what Kratz thinks.
>
>From the things I have read/heard Glocks are always knocked because of the
>trigger safety.  They are supposedly harder to learn to use properly.

Harder than what?  I note that almost all revolvers work the same way,
so it can't be "harder than revolvers".

>Every article that I have read can't be wrong about the damn thing.

Sure they can.  (Moreover, we know now that Kratz' sample is
unrepresentative.)  We can look at the reasoning.  It is basically
"these Glocks are dangerous because they're not like my 1911/S&W third
generation."  Part of that is true, but since those same people don't
claim that revolvers, which share the relevant property, are
dangerous, we see that the argument fails.

>me to quote my sources because I don't keep a ton of gun magazines and/or

Why would I care?  I'm not looking for more bogus reasoning.

>rec.guns articles laying around.  Boy, you can't make a simple statement on
>here without someone getting right on your ass.

One can make hundreds of simple statements without having anyone
"getting right on your ass".  One merely has to make accurate simple
statements.  Then you get "attaboy"s by mail and publically.

Accuracy is a severe burden, but most of us manage it.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54732
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <93105.215548U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>>>I have been at a shooting range where
>>>gang members were "practicing" shooting.

>In article <1993Apr15.202811.29312@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU> andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:
>>How do "we" know that they were gang members and not undercover cops
>>or even law-abiding menacing minorities.  BTW - Why the sneer quotes?
>
>"We" know because the area that the gun shop/shooting range is in is right on
>the border of the west side of Chicago.  That is a gang infested area.

So?  Kratz was there - does that mean that he's a gang member?

Even in the most gang-infested areas, most of the residents ARE NOT
gang-members.

>that only minorities have gangs?  Not so.  As far as the quotes are concerned
>it was totally obvious that they weren't just practicing for marksmanship.

How was it obvious?  Were they not trying to hit the target?  Or, does
Kratz confuse "marksmanship" with "trying to simulate a post"?  If so,
that excludes self-defense shooting, but the rest of us understand
that that exclusion would be an error.  (It excludes a lot of legit
"gun games" as well.)

>don't know about you but I have never seen anyone else practice marksmanship by
>taking their gun out of their coat as fast as possible and start shooting.

Sounds like practical pistol or maybe IPSC.  It also sounds like how a
self-defense shooter might well practice.  The only things that action
excludes are hunting and "like a post" shooting.  Kratz should get out
more often.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54733
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

In article <1qkcok$s9i@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> ci946@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (John K. Gever) writes:
>Public health experts will tell you that you are far more likely
>have your gun stolen, use it yourself on a family member or
>have it used on you than you are to use it on an actual criminal.

Actually, they won't.  What they'll tell you is that if you add up the
number of suicides, murders of one drug dealer by another, legit
self-defenses of a battered spouse, and so on, you'll end up with a
number that is much larger than the number of self-defense killings
against strangers committed in the bedroom.  (BTW - they didn't
honestly count the latter either, but let's not quibble.)  They
try to claim that comparison is between the costs of self-defense
and the benefits, but they're wrong.

This comparison doesn't measure the costs of self-defense and it
doesn't measure the benefits either.  For example, the goal is not to
kill the attacker, whatever your relationship to him, but to stop him.
While the number of killings may be proportional to the number of
stops, it isn't equal.

Anyone who confuses that comparison with an honest evaluation
is either lying or....

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54734
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Government = biggest cult leader?

Look, folks, I don't know what happened in Waco.  I do not claim the BDs are  
angels, I never did.  Koresh may very well be the devil incarnate.  I just  
don't know.  But I do know that I must question any single source of  
information, such as we have here.  And I must question even harder given that  
it is single source at the insistance of that very government.  What ever else  
happened at WACO, that is perhaps the biggest evil done.  And even more so in  
light of the discrepencies turning up between the federal officials and the  
state officials.

But what I really don't understand is the hoards of devoted government  
worshipers who believe the government could not possibly do any wrong.  They  
are fanatic to the point of making things up, such as Brent's microwave oven  
disclaim of the BD's using fire for food heating.  

I am hard pressed to see any real difference between the claimed power Koresh  
held over the BDs, and the demonstrated power the government holds over those  
rapid apologists.


Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54735
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Hallam-Baker bashes tpgers (was Re: Welcome to Police State USA)

In article <C5yypo.EI2@dscomsa.desy.de>, hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker) writes:

> No, Frank Crary's arguments are based on the assumption that most people
> are sane, normal people. tpg disproves this of gun owners. USEnet as a whole
> disproves it of humanity as a whole.

Heavens!  Everybody but Phill is out of step!

> We now have proof positive that guns don't make you safer. Buy a lot of
> guns and you either get shot in the no knock raid or get the FBI to burn
> down your house. See even in the paranoid mindset of tpg there are good reasons
> to support gun control.

Once again, Phill lets us all know that might makes right -- but ONLY for
the all-sacred government.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54736
From: loki@acca.nmsu.edu (Entropic Destroyer)
Subject: Letter in Colorado Daily


The Colorado Daily recently reprinted the Wall Street Journal's article
on Paxton Quigley, including the nefarious little paragraph the Journal
tacked onto the end.  After recieving much assistance from various T.P.G.
type folks, I wrote a letter to the editor criticizing this last paragraph,
and surprise, surprise, surprise, they published it.  The text follows.
The Colorado Daily, btw, is the University of Colorado (Boulder) student
(I think) newspaper... not exactly a big coup, but every little bit, i guess...

(The title was the only thing they changed/added)

"Gun Stats"

The Daily recently reprinted an article from the
Wall Street Journal, primarily concerned with Paxton
Quigley, author of "Armed and Female."  The article,
in turn, cites a misleading statistic that was originally
reported in the New England Journal of Medicine.  The
article states, "A study... found that a gun in the home
was 43 times more likely to be used to kill its owner,
spouse, a friend, or child than to kill an intruder."  This
is an often-quoted statistic, and it is misleading for sev-
eral reasons, outlined below:

The study gives the impression that, if you own a 
gun, the likelihood that you will successfully use it to 
defend yourself is less than that of the gun being turned
against you.  The study, however, fails to take into
account cases where a law-abiding citizen uses a gun 
to thwart a crime, without actually killing the perpe-
trator.

The study actually refers to 'acquaintances' rather
than 'friend'.  This would include the friendly neigh-
borhood thug who shows up like clockwork, every
month, the second your grandmother cashes her social
security check.  Possibly an acquaintance, but hardly a
friend.

The NEJM study is based on the immediate dis-
position of cases and fails to take into account cases
originally filed as homicides that were later ruled to be
self-defense.  Especially considering the small sample 
size (396), taking these events into account has a sub-
stantial effect on the 43:1 ratio quoted.

Criminologist Gary Kleck gives us a slightly dif-
erent statistic: a gun is 33 times more likely to be 
used, successfully, by a private citizen against an 
aggressor than it is to kill anyone at all.  Further, per-
sons defending themselves from aggression by using a 
gun fare better than those who resist vicimization by
some other means, or who offer no resistance at all.
Statistics available from the FBI and other agencies 
also show that a gun is 245 times more likely to be
used by a non-criminal to defend against criminal threat
than to be used to commit criminal homicide, 535 times
more likely to be used to defend against a criminal
threat than to accidentally kill anybody, and 50 times
more likely to defend against criminal threat than to be
used to commit suicide.

It is well to keep in mind that nearly anything can 
be proved by uncritical quotation of statistics.  One has
to consider carefully what questions were asked by
those gathering the data before one can draw an accu-
rate conclusion from them.

D.F. Taylor
CU Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry


--
Spooksmoke: Revolution, Assasination, Thorium, Cobalt-60, Clintin, CIA, NSA, SHC
  DoD #202 / loki@acca.nmsu.edu / liberty or death / taylordf@ucsu.colorado.edu 
                 Send me something even YOU can't read...
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.2

mQCNAitfksQAAAEEAKceEjWI9f5KMJyKP0LOgC5dGHRpbMY2xhOo8kpEHMDyuf8a
1BfDQSj53kosTz6HRoshSDzLVuL1/40vPjmMNtFR+vyZ4jvd3rL4iuq2umMmex3M
itf3uLt8Xn/v/QAbsvhcFSHVJVK4Lf6wosuCMO03m2TiX31AI7VB0Uzo4yXjAAUX
tCREYW5pZWwgRiBUYXlsb3IgPExva2lAYWNjYS5ubXN1LmVkdT4=
=S5ib
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54737
From: meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers)
Subject: Re: The Ballad of David Koresh

In article <C5w448.2np@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> pwithere@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (patricia anne withered) writes:
>                        The Ballad of David Koresh.
[ ... ]
>At Concord and at Waco
>the tyrant's minions failed.
>Though they all died in the fire
>Koresh's people have prevailed. 

Good irony.  The Waco finale was on April 19, Patriot's Day.
On that day 218 years earlier, the militias of Concord, Mass.,
and other nearby towns repelled a gun-control raid by the
then-current Colonial government ...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54738
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??

In article <CMM.0.90.2.735383339.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no> Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:

>NOTE!!!
>My posting was in reply to those about FBI torching the plasce after
>filling it with napalm, and arrested people dissapering.
>
>[...]
>
>About Waco
>It looks to me as the BATF and FBI can't handle situations like this.
>The way it went reminds me of 'stun' bomb beeing dropped on a house
>in LA from a helicopter. (Whole block went up in flames, 5 died...)
>
>It doesn't HAVE to be a conspiracy, MAYBE they just screwed up ???

       I don't think we've got a conspiracy on our hands, or anything
vaugely similar.  I do think that the Feds showed a distinct lack of
both intelligence and disregard for others safety throughout this whole
mess.

       I do think the FBI and the BATF screwed up big.  What made me
really concerned was FBI director William Sessions being on CNN engaging
in what could only be called spin control before the place had even
cooled down.  Evertyhing had literally blown up in their faces and I felt
there had to be something more important he should have been doing...

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54739
From: chuck@eng.umd.edu (Chuck Harris - WA3UQV)
Subject: Re: CNN for sale

In article <C5soMx.HMD@boi.hp.com> kde@boi.hp.com (Keith Emmen) writes:
>If anyone is keeping a list of the potential contributors, 
>you can put me down for $1000.00 under the conditions above

Seems to me folks, that if you are so interested in acquiring CNN, just
buy your $1000 worth of stock today.  It's being traded everyday.  After you
own your piece, we can work on the proxy votes later.  It's probably even a
good investment.

Chuck Harris - WA3UQV
chuck@eng.umd.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54740
From: whughes@lonestar.utsa.edu (William W. Hughes)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

In article <feustelC5tw49.7p5@netcom.com> feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:
>I predict that the outcome of the study of what went wrong with the
>Federal Assault in Waco will result in future assaults of that type
>being conducted as full-scale military operations with explicit
>shoot-to-kill directives.

You mean they aren't already? Could have fooled me.


-- 
                            REMEMBER WACO!
     Who will the government decide to murder next? Maybe you?
[Opinions are mine; I don't care if you blame the University or the State.]

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54741
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <CMM.0.90.2.735386976.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no> Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:

>I don't remember the figures EXACTLY, but there were about 3500 deaths in Texas
>in 1991 that was caused by guns.....

       How about "firearm related."

>This is more than those beeing killed in car-ACCIDENTS!

       Texas is unusual in this regard.  It would be nice to reduce them
both, though.

       As Texas doesn't appear to have an murder rate that much higher than
the national average, I would expect it is a result of a much higher
suicide rate.

>*I* should not suffer because of others....

       Be nice if you didn't have to suffer at all.

>We all agree on this one, BUT we also live in a sociaty and therefor
>we'll have to give up *SOME* of our 'freedom' (Note the '').

       Here's where we run into a problem.  I am perfectly willing to
have government regulation on something which is likely to cause others
harm.  What we're discussing, though, is the extreme regulation of a large
group in order to target a small group, and I don't think that's
appropriate. 

>Do you have an insurance??
>Then you'll have to pay because of what others do...       
>
>Do you buy anything??
>YOU are paying for those who return goods, steal or even those who gets a bonus...
>
>Do you live with other people??
>Then you 'can't' do ererything you'd want (burping/farting playing music LOUD)

        Does this, then, justify anything?  At some point you have to draw
a line (at least to my way of thinking) where the government must have
something a little more substantial than a set of percentages with which
to punish an individual.

        Where do *you* draw the line?  Or is there one?

>One state (don't remember which, Texas??) tried to impose a rule that you could
>only buy ONE gun each MONTH. Think you all know what happened.....

        Virginia.  It passed.

>I respect the right to defend yourself, but that right should not inflict on
>other people.

        Does it?

>It seems like you all realize that you have a problem in America, the only
>problem is that you won't take the car away from the drunk driver, you 
>hope to cure him first.

        Cute analogy. 

        The U.S. doesn't treat drunk driving like a serious crime.  However,
we also don't confiscate cars of people who drink.  We also don't confiscate
*all* cars because some people drink and drive.  It's the core of the legal
system that in order to punish an individual (and I'd call property
confiscation a punishment) you must have evidence against that individual.
That is, it isn't enough to show that the majority of people convicted of
murder are white  in order to convict a particular white guy of murder.

>Hope life comfirms to the standard of Winnie the Poh.

        Huh?
------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54742
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

In article <1993Apr23.151855.7011@starbase.trincoll.edu>  () writes:
> In article <1r6p8oINN8hi@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
> Arras) wrote:
> >  
> > I have not made up my mind about Waco, but there sure seems to be a group  
of  
> > devoted government following fanatics willing to believe whatever that  
> > government wants to tell them, without any shred of doubt, nor thought of  
thier
> > own.  They sure get shrill whenever their belief structure is being shaken.
> > 
> > Kinda reminds you of the BDs, doesn't it?
> > 
> > Jim
> 
> Go to hell. I'm no "government [-] following fanatic." Your sweeping
> generalizations evince your own ignorance. 

Eloquently, if somewhat shrilly, put.  

> What were they supposed to do?  Just let him be? 

Well, why not?

> Fuck him. Fuck the ATF, too. They should've done it right
> the first time.

You have a way with words.  And you sure get shrill on cue.
> 
> joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54743
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r9bfc$bm1@eagle.natinst.com> chrisb@natinst.com (Chris Bartz)  
writes:
> In article <1r8vg9$rl5@bigboote.WPI.EDU> mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael  
Frederick Rhein) writes:
> >># >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
> >
> >for heating purposes because of the weather in Texas.  Everyone now claims 
> >that it was for cooking.  Stop and think about this.
> 
> This whole thread is rediculous.  Who cares if they had a stove going
> or not.  Does it matter if they had a stove burning, or lanterns
> burning, or candles burning, or someone smoking, etc, etc, etc.  The
> premise is that the FBI was filling the house with napalm so that it
> would catch fire.  This is crazy.  FBI was NOT PUMPING NAPALM into the
> Davidians home.  You will have to have pretty damn strong evidence to
> convince me of that.
> 
> I can believe mass suicide/murder by Koresh.  I can believe an
> accident by the Davidians.  I can believe an accident by the FBI.  I
> can easily believe mass stupidity on all sides but I can not believe
> that the FBI lit this fire intentionally.  No way.
> 

I tend to agree, but I would like a better explanation of why the FBI stopped  
the firetrucks at the gate.  I saw this in realtime.  It concerns me that the  
FBI "appeared" to not be too interested in stopping the fire after it started,  
and actually started flying hueys around the compound, which had to add in some  
small part to the winds driving the fire.

> -- 
> -- chris bartz (chrisb@natinst.com)
Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54744
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: Impeach Clinton, Reno


 >   I HEARTILY agree.  Now that the BATF warrant has been 
  >   unsealed, it is CLEAR that Clinton and Reno supported an
   >  ILLEGAL raid.  Did they not KNOW this?



>     NO authority for a 'no-knock" raid
 >    NO authority to use helicopters.
>     NO authority to search for a "drug lab"

>    And, apparently, not even any authority to search for "automatic
>    weapons".

>     51 days of GOVERNMENT LIES.

	Sorry, I missed all this!  Can you please give an update on
	the warrant?  I hadn't heard that it was unsealed.  There
	was no authority for a "no-knock?"  This is news.  How about
	an OK for a wiretap?

	Please summarize!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54745
From: emcguire@intellection.com (Ed McGuire)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

In <C5wI8x.Cqs@skates.gsfc.nasa.gov> dsc@gemini.gsfc.nasa.gov (Doug S. Caprette) writes:

>Can anyone cite an example in which this defense was successful?
>How about a source for this?

Please take this thread out of "tx.politics.talk.politics.guns" which does
not exist.  How about "tx.politics,talk.politics.guns" instead, eh?
-- 
Ed McGuire                   1603 LBJ Freeway, Suite 780
Systems Administrator/       Dallas, Texas 75234
 Member of Technical Staff   214/620-2100, FAX 214/484-8110
Intellection, Inc.           <ed@intellection.com>

<1993Apr3.071631.9811jp@tygra.Michigan.COM>:  "I run an anonymous server and
it is STAYING FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE, which should be about 55 years."

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54746
From: "Paul Hager" <hagerp@cs.indiana.edu>
Subject: Re: Your Evil Tax Dollars at Work, was RE: ATF BURNS RANCH ETC ETC...

Mark 'Mark' Sachs <MBS110@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:

>In article <93112.153005MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU>,
><MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU> says:
>>From A.P. :  According to numerous accounts by those in the compound,
>>the fire was started by an armoured vehicle crushing a large propane
>>tank, and turning over numerous gas lanterns.

>Oh? Then why did the smoke and flames start from three different places?
>In particular, three different places where there were no APV's?

This claim hasn't been retracted or contradicted yet, as many earlier
government claims have?  At least one clip showed a fire erupting
after a tank busted in a wall.  We have unsubstantiated claims by
the government about the FLIRs spotting "simultaneous" fires.

>And if the government did start the fire, then why weren't people trying
>to get out of the compound?

That's easy.  Six hours of CS gas, heavy smoke from a rapidly spreading
fire, confusion, panic.  Only 10% got out.  The building was collapsing
all around them and finding the way out was a matter of luck.

>And besides... oh, I don't know why I'm even bothering.

The Davidians may have committed suicide, or some few zealots among
them might have started the fires -- that is possible.  But, given
the government's earlier inability to tell a straight story, I find
my above scenario equally possible.  I wait for some independent
investigation to look into the whole thing.

It would be one thing if the government spokespeople had been
consistent and forthright throughout.  Keeping the press far away
and ghettoized in "pools" was not conducive to building up trust.
Sealing the warrants was non-optimal, as well.  This operation
was out of control from the git-go.

>>I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem willing to accept
>>the governments story, despite much evidence to the contrary.

>I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem eager to believe
>a murderous, heavily-armed religious cult, despite much evidence to the
>contrary. Thought Experiment: Suppose this exact same thing happened under
>the Bush administration. What would your answer be then? Would you still
>prefer to believe the cultists?

Speaking only for myself, I think Bush and Reagan should have been
impeached over Iran-Contra.

In 1979, I would probably have given the benefit of the doubt to
the government.  No more.  Like I said, I'll wait to see the
results of an independent investigation -- if there is one --
before I choose whom to believe.

>(No, I don't really expect a response to that challenge.)

But you got one, anyway.

>>But then
>>again, that is how Mr. Clinton was elected, by people who believe that
>>his campaign promisses would be respected by him once he got into office.

>Um, isn't that how all politicians are elected?

I generally vote for the lesser of two evils.  This last time, it
was the least of three evils.

>>If people will believe that of any politican, it is little wonder they
>>will believe all of the factoids being given out as fact by the
>>Clinton/Reno/FBI/BATF confederation.

>So is there any particular reason the gummint decided to slaughter eighty
>people? Are they, like, just plain evil, or what? Did they just wake up
>one day, stretch and yawn, and throw a dart at a map of the United States
>to figure out who to oppress that day? I'm eager to know.

It was a bureaucratic execution.  Out of control bureaucracies driven
by percieved self-interest and gross stupidity.

>And does Bill Clinton have cooler theme music than Darth Vader? How is he
>on diabolical laughter? Does he look good in a cape? These things MUST be
>investigated. You first.

Clinton is just another statist.  My only problem with Clinton on this
is that he is apparently willing to blindly back the ATF and FBI.

>   "...so I propose that we destroy the moon, neatly solving that problem."
>[Your blood pressure just went up.]        Mark Sachs IS: mbs110@psuvm.psu.edu
>   DISCLAIMER: If PSU knew I had opinions, they'd try to charge me for them.
-- 
paul hager		hagerp@moose.cs.indiana.edu

"I would give the Devil benefit of the law for my own safety's sake."
                       --from _A_Man_for_All_Seasons_ by Robert Bolt

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54747
From: pspod@hooch.lerc.nasa.gov (Steve Podleski)
Subject: Re: Waco, they did it.    ( MASADA )

fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary) writes:
>msn@reef.cis.ufl.edu (Mike 'HK G3ZF Full-Auto' Newsome) writes:
>>> I'm sick to my stomach as I write this.  The BD compound
>>> is on fire, and will burn to the ground in minutes.
>I used exactly this one-word reply, to suggest a likely ending to
>the siege several weeks ago. But like Masada, this wasn't entirely
>a government action: The defenders held out as long as they could,
>and then killed themselves, their families and their children 
>rather than surrender. Israel calls the action of the Zelots
>"heroic", and trains their army to follow this example. Now that 
>someone has repeated this action in modern times, what do we call it?

Liberals and supporters of Clinton say that costs made the action 
necessary.

-- 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Steve Podleski			|     phone: 216-433-4000
NASA Lewis Research Center     	|    
Cleveland, Ohio  44135         	|     email: pspod@hooch.lerc.nasa.gov 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54748
From: dusek@rtsg.mot.com (James P. Dusek)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:
><34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
>>In article <1r2d2rINNa7e@hp-col.col.hp.com>, dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff) says:
>>>NUT CASE PANICS!!REALIZES HE'S MADE A COMPLETE FOOL OF HIMSELF IN FRONT OF
>>>THOUSANDS OF NETTERS!!!BACKS AWAY FROM EARLIER RASH STATEMENTS!!!!GOD HAVE
>>>MERCY ON HIM!!!!
>I thought we were discussing Koresh here, not President Clinton.
>Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

	Dave 1 Clinton 0

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54749
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks
From: steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu (Jason 'Think!' Steiner)

> Go to hell. I'm no "government [-] following fanatic." Your sweeping
> generalizations evince your own ignorance. What were they supposed 
> to do? Just let him be?

once upon a time, that's exactly what they would have done & everyone
could have just gone on living a peaceful (if well armed) life. what
is it that makes people think they have the right -not- to just leave
others be?

jason

--
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`
`,`      "Innocence, joy, and squeezable fun for everyone" - TOYS       `,`
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,` steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu `,`,`,`

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54750
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1993Apr23.153005.8237@starbase.trincoll.edu>  () writes:
> In article <1r6h4vINN844@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
> Arras) wrote:
> >   
> > You seem to make two points.  No one ultimately oversees the federal  
agencies  
> > you mention, and since Koresh "apparently" has a different view point from  
your  
> > Baptist upbringing, then he is not worthy of protection from religious  
> > persecution.  As to being the Messiah, is not Christ within us all?
> > 
> > Must be comforting to belong to a government approved religion.
> > 
> > Baptists are a cult, two, BTW, under most of the definitions in the  
dictionary  
> > of "cult".
> > 
> 
> I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
> and M-16's/AR-15's and banging/marrying thirteen yuear olds. 

I don't recall saying Baptists do any of that.  Though I suppose some do.  And  
none of them are listed in the dictionary as characteristics of a cult.  My  
mother stockpiled Campbells soup when it was on sale.  

> You're a sorry
> son of a bitch if you can't draw a distinction between these two things.

You are an intolerent, foul-mouthed human.  You sound like you are ready to  
join the KKK or neo-nazis, with a narrow mind like yours.

> People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend sociopaths
> who aren't deserved of it. Get a life and chill on the paranoia.
> 

Far from it, I defend the rights of anyone to be different under our  
constitution, which was formed in part to protect religious cults which had  
been persecuted in England before migrating here to be free.  You are the one  
endangering our constitution.

> joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54751
From: dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung)
Subject: Re: Feds Caught in Another Lie

kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead) writes:
>Well, after 2 days of hearing that 3 of the BD bodies had
>been shot in the head (Horrors!  Another Jonestown! Crazed
>Cultists!  Child Abusers!  WHACKOS in Waco!), last night the 
>medical examiner was on TV and was pretty vehement in denying
>that ANY of them had bullet wounds...  he seemed just a tad upset 
>at the Feds for having spread that rumor.  

Funny, the medical examiner today stated that there was no
evidence ONE WAY or ANOTHER that there were bullet wounds --
not a single autopsy has been performed, so all reports are
deemed speculative.  INCLUDING reports that there were NO
bullet wounds.

>Before long, I think all the kneejerk government apologists
>are going to start getting pretty pissed off at how easily
>they were misled.

Before long, I think all the kneejerk conspiracy theorists
are going to start getting pretty pissed off at how easily
they mislead themselves.  Also, pretty disappointed at
being ignored by the coutnry.

-- 
 | The Koresh cult standoff is over ... may his victims Recquiescat in Pace |
 |                                                                          |
 |                    (the above is a net.moment of silence)                |
 Daniel A. Hartung  --  dhartung@chinet.chinet.com  --  Ask me about Rotaract

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54752
From: dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung)
Subject: ABC Confirms Two Points of FBI's Version


Well, the question of why fire equipment took so long to reach the 
compound has been answered. ABC aired a report including the 911 tapes 
from Monday. The FBI called 911 within 4 minutes of the fire's breakout. 
Unfortunately, dispatch of vehicles outside the Waco city limits 
required approval of a deputy chief, who was not available (literally 
out to lunch?); the 911 operator desperately called around to local 
community volunteer fire departments to get something out there. By 
the time trucks arrived 27 minutes later, the whole complex was aflame 
and it was clearly too little, too late; there were just two pumpers 
and no water supply. The FBI made another call requesting a tank truck, 
but the Waco department apparently depended on hydrants and did not 
have one. Though clearly unwilling to risk firemen's lives in the 
line of fire, it seems they might have done so had there been sufficient 
equipment and water to make a difference.

They even aired a tape of a woman who called Waco 911 from Georgia 
asking if anything was being done. Civic-minded, but probably 
irresponsible; if everyone watching television did that, no local 
calls could get through.

ABC also aired the comments of an independent fire investigator who 
viewed tapes from more than one side of the compound (not just the 
standard "pool shot"), and agreed that the fire a) must have been 
started in at least 3 places, and b) must have had an accelerant 
to spread so fast.

Neither of these is conclusive proof that the Koresh crowd offed 
themselves more than the FBI offed them, but it's a heck of a lot 
stronger proof than some of the "theories" floating around the net.

Score 2 FBI, 0 Branch Davidians. Or is that -89 Branch Davidians?

-- 
 | The Koresh cult standoff is over ... may his victims Recquiescat in Pace |
 |                                                                          |
 |                    (the above is a net.moment of silence)                |
 Daniel A. Hartung  --  dhartung@chinet.chinet.com  --  Ask me about Rotaract

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54753
From: dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung)
Subject: Medical Examiner Says No Evidence for Bullet Wounds EITHER WAY

Apparently needing to clarify his comments from Thursday, Dr. Nizam
Plawaby (spelling?), the Medical Examiner for Tarrant County, Texas,
who has authority in the Waco deaths, stated that since no autopsies
had been performed, there is no evidence for bullet wounds, or 
evidence against bullet wounds.

Janet Reno also stated that she had never been told of bullet wounds
by anyone in the Justice Department.  

-- 
 | The Koresh cult standoff is over ... may his victims Recquiescat in Pace |
 |                                                                          |
 |                    (the above is a net.moment of silence)                |
 Daniel A. Hartung  --  dhartung@chinet.chinet.com  --  Ask me about Rotaract

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54754
From: dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
>gt5311b@prism.gatech.EDU (BHATTACHARYA,ABHIJIT) writes:
>>I doubt if Koresh had let the BATF have a look inside his place as they 
>>intended to do, "orchestrated character assassination, noise torture, and
>>a holocaust" would never have come to pass.
>
>Do you know what a "no-knock search with grenades" is?

Once again, Koresh closed the door on an agent with a search warrant,
and the door was then perforated by a rain of bullets from the
inside.

They shot first.


-- 
 | The Koresh cult standoff is over ... may his victims Recquiescat in Pace |
 |                                                                          |
 |                    (the above is a net.moment of silence)                |
 Daniel A. Hartung  --  dhartung@chinet.chinet.com  --  Ask me about Rotaract

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54755
From: belansky@rtsg.mot.com (Steve P. Belansky)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:

>In article <C5uHuo.Awq@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:
>>In article <nate.1485.735408842@psygate.psych.indiana.edu> nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle) writes:
>>>    Yeah, as information trickles in... funny how that works...
>>
>>Funny, yeah, funny how you didn't wait for the FBI spokesdroid 
>>latest reversal of "facts" before proclaiming the BD's burned
>>themselves to death.

>If you won't believe anything the government says, and the press
>is not reliable according to the same logic, then what do you base
>your statements on?  Wild speculation laced with a healthy dose
>of paranoia?

It is not a matter of dis-belief but a matter of which of their constantly
(and radically) changing stories we are to believe.

Steve B.

>-- 
><><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
><>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
><><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54769
From: hagerp@cs.indiana.edu (Paul Hager)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

kevin@axon.usa (Kevin Vanhorn) writes:


>In article <C5rpoJ.IJv@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>>
>> Two of the nine who escaped the compound said the fire was deliberately set 
>> by cult members.

>Correction: The *FBI* *says* that two of the nine who escaped said the fire
>was deliberately set by cult members.  Since the press was kept miles away,
>we have absolutely no independent verification of any of the government's
>claims in this matter.

Indeed.  Larry King had the two attorneys (whose clients are now
dead) of Koresh and another Davidian on his show last night.  Their
discussions with the survivors differ from the FBI account.  The
attorneys say that they were told that the tanks knocked over lanterns
in the compound which started the fires.

Government spokespeople have lied and contradicted each other 
throughout this whole affair.  I'll wait for some better evidence before
I form an opinion.
-- 
paul hager		hagerp@moose.cs.indiana.edu

"I would give the Devil benefit of the law for my own safety's sake."
                       --from _A_Man_for_All_Seasons_ by Robert Bolt

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54770
From: s5uapw@odysseus (Aaron Walker)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5toMp.24o@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
writes:
 
> And another survivor claims he heard someone shouting "The fire's  
started!".
> Odd terminology.  That's what one says when you know a fire is planned,  
not 
> when one occurs by accident.
> 

It's also what you say when you're waiting for the end to come in a 
"fiery apocalypse"...just a thought.

Personally, if the fire was set (by either side), I wonder about the
timing.  If Koresh & Co. set the fires, why wait through six hours of
wall-bashing and tear-gassing before starting; was there anything "new"
that happened just around that point?  Similarly, if the FBI were going
to torch the place (and fake it, of course), why wait so long, wouldn't
it be more "reasonable" to believe the BD's would set the fire early
after the assault began?  

The most plausible (to me) explaination is that of an accidental starting
of the fire by the tanks.  Among other things, I say that because I
was listening to the radio when the fire started and the reporter
(watching from a distance, of course) said that it looked like at least
one of the tanks had penetrated farther into the building than previously.
Specifically, he said that one tank apparently was halfway (half of
the tank's lenght) into the building where it previously had only been 
penetrating a few feet.

reserving judgement,
-Aaron

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54771
From: "Paul Hager" <hagerp@cs.indiana.edu>
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:

>In article <C5rrot.MMM@rice.edu> fontenot@ravl.rice.edu (Dwayne Jacques Fontenot) writes:
>>In article <C5rpoJ.IJv@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>>>In article <1993Apr19.184303.6205@stortek.com> vojak@icebucket.stortek.com (Bill Vojak) writes:
>>>>
>>>  [...]
>>>> 5) Point out that even if the fire was set by someone inside of the
>>>>    building, it came as a direct result of the actions of the FBI/BATF.
>>>>    And the people inside (including 17 children) deserved a trial, instead
>>>>    of this.
>>>
>>>Well they had over 40 days to come out with their hands up on national tv 
>>>to get the trial they deserved.  Instead they chose to set fire to their 
>>>compund hours after the tanks dropped off the tear gas.
>>
>>Correction: The FBI says that the Davidians set fire to their buildings.

>And I suppose the FBI also prevented them from coming out with their 
>hands up while national tv cameras watch.

Well the attorneys of the Davidians reported on Larry King that
the tanks had actually damaged the structure to the extent that
effectuating egress from the building was difficult at best.
With a rapidly spreading fire and large amounts of smoke and
tear gas, finding the right exits, or acceptible holes in the walls
were nearly impossible.  I find this explanation to be completely 
plausible.  Doesn't mean that it's true, but I don't find it
intrinsically less believable than the government stories.

>>The FBI also said that the Davidians had a methanphetamine lab in their
>>basement and that the Davidians had .50 cal machine guns.
>>
>>Do you believe everything the FBI says? 

>Do you disbelieve everything the FBI says?
>I balance my gut reaction to question authority together with the 
>independent facts as I see them on video.  I usually adopt the 
>scenario that is simplest and most plausible.  I do not generally 
>believe in conspiracy theories that involve complicated and unlikely 
>scenarios.

I concur.

>The BATF is by no means devoid of fault in the handling of this affair.
>But to suggest that they may have intentionally started the fire is 
>ludicrous.

Indeed.  According to the lawyers, the Davidian survivors say that
lanterns were knocked over during the "probing" and that's how
the fire started.  A tragic accident, if true.

>>Do you trust that snivelling little
>>piece of sh*t special agent Ricks? He seems to think he is a comedian, and
>>the media who laugh at his sick jokes are just as guilty as he, IMHO.
>>
>>>Up until now the BATF had been making me sick.  Today the people inside 
>>>the compound who set the fire made me sick.  Keeping the children inside 
>>>the compund when they should have been released earlier with the other 
>>>people weeks ago is absolutely inexcuseable.  Not releasing them before 
>>>deciding to set the place afire is the work of madmen.
>>>
>>>Two of the nine who escaped the compound said the fire was deliberately set 
>>>by cult members.
>>
>>Correction: The FBI says that two of the nine said the fire was deliberately
>>set by the sect members.

>If the fire were set by accident or by people outside the compound, I would 
>have expected far more cult members to flee the compound.  Or at least come 
>out shooting.

See above.  This one is going to be thoroughly investigated.  Maybe
we'll eventually get some idea of what happened.  My view is that,
from beginning to end, this operation was a botch and that it is
completely possible that nut cases who were otherwise law-abiding
citizens were victims of a bureaucratic execution.
-- 
paul hager		hagerp@moose.cs.indiana.edu

"I would give the Devil benefit of the law for my own safety's sake."
                       --from _A_Man_for_All_Seasons_ by Robert Bolt

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54772
From: tzs@stein2.u.washington.edu (Tim Smith)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter) writes:
>> Oh?  How about the press?  If the BATF & FBI were going to shoot people
>> leaving a burning building, don't you think they would get rid of the
>> press first?
>
>Oh, you mean something like moving the press back to a single
>location, 2 miles away from the "compound"?  The press was allowing

That doesn't count as getting rid of the press.  Getting rid of the press
would mean getting them far enough away so that they wouldn't be able to
see what is going on.

--Tim Smith

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54781
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

In article <1993Apr16.174436.22897@midway.uchicago.edu> pkgeragh@gsbphd.uchicago.edu (Kevin Geraghty) writes:
>wrong about the  whole guns-for-protection mindset, it ignores the
>systemic effects of cumulative individual actions.  If you want fire
>insurance on your house that's prudent and it has no effect on me; but
>if you and a bunch of other paranoids are packing handguns in the
>backcountry it makes me, and anyone else who doesn't chose to protect
>himself in this manner, pretty f**king nervous. 

Why?  If you're not a threat, you're not affected at all.

>I mean, take this to its logical conclusion, suppose we all carried
>handguns all the time, for protection from all the other people
>carrying handguns. Would we collectively be, or feel, safer? Hell no.
>We'd feel a lot more insecure.

Why?  I note that the available psych info says that feelings of
security INCREASE.  The victimization stats say that that increase
is rational.

>Another systemic effect of all the "good" people protecting themselves
>is that the "bad" people are going to modify their behavior in
>response:

Yes, they are, but how?

>they're going to be much itchier and much more willing to
>kill people in the course of routine muggings if they think their

Nope - that doesn't happen.  Instead the switch (among those who
change behaviors) to property crimes.  That's an improvement even if
the economic take is unchanged.  Sure - not everyone switches, but
they were killing before.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54782
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: Backcountry Confidence

In article <C5L02E.8GH@murdoch.acc.Virginia.EDU> rbw3q@rayleigh.mech.Virginia.EDU (Brad Whitehurst) writes:
>	The rest of us fall in the middle.  There IS too much violent
>crime in the U.S., but turning the whole country into an old-time
>Dodge City (ref. to American Old West) is not the way.

That's an interesting statement.  There's quite a difference between
Hollywood's "Old West" and the real one.  Yes, there were drunks,
saloons, mining camps, and thugs.  However, as McGrath showed, the
thugs preyed almost exclusively on one another.  McGrath claims that
this was due to the fact that no one much cared if someone who
insisted on getting into a fight got his way, even if he lost, while
they really did care when thugs preyed on others.

>citizens should be able to own weapons, but we see no sense in some
>types.

We haven't figured out that those distinctions don't actually work.
Machine guns have been strictly regulated since 1934.  Said regulation
is both perfect (legally owned machine guns aren't ever used
criminally) and a complete waste of time (the criminal use of machine
guns hasn't change at all).  The result - we're now arguing about
guns that LOOK like machine guns, but are no different than other
guns.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54815
From: jagst18+@pitt.edu (Josh A Grossman)
Subject: Re: Dillon puts foot in mouth, film at 11


I have also heard about HCI claiming thant anyone they  get an address
from is a member.  If this is the case their membership rolls are
grossly inflated and we should not call them and give them a name
and address to add to their already false rolls.  Perhaps
if you could get a copy of their existing membership, then pretend to
be an existing member, do that several thousand times, you could
hurt HCI.  But names are power.  Remeber the NRA uses the fact
that it has 3 million paid members in order to flex its muscles.

Perhaps politicians don't realize the lying tactics of HCI, wait a
minute, HCI learned it from politicians....

Later,
Josh



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54816
From: clochmul@nrambr.chem.duke.edu (C. H. Lochmuller)
Subject: Re: Dillon puts foot in mouth...

# So the Blue PRess suggests that we bankrupt HCI by requesting information
# and the concern by list members is that HCI will claim everyone that calls
# as a new member.  I think they will. I also think they will claim a new
# MANDATE to ban all firearms from the solar system wheter we call and ask for
# information or not!
# 
# On the other hand, with due respect to the Editor of the Blue PRess, just
# becaue Mike makes damned good presses, dies, powder scales, and got tired of
# Lee's atacks DOES NOT MEAN THAT EVERY DILLON FAN FOLLOWS WHAT MIKE CALLS FOR
# LIKE HE WAS KARESH AND WE WERE TRANSDILLIDIANS! 
# 
# Our local State Assemblyman has called for a complete ban on all non-bolt
# action military rifles and all assault weapons, a 7 day wait for purchase
# permits { it currently takes 10 to 14 working days here in NC } and one
# permit/year. The flood of calls he got was 7 for and 3 against. Guess who
# called supporting his move? Guess what ILA is doing? Right?
# 
# CHL
# 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54817
From: hollombe@polymath.tti.com (The Polymath)
Subject: Re: Dillon puts foot in mouth, film at 11

In article <199304160443.AA25231@sun.Panix.Com> justice@Panix.Com (Michael Justice) writes:
}Dillon has published a letter in the Blue Press telling people
}"How to Bankrupt HCI" by requesting information from them.
}
}Last time this idea went around in rec.guns, a couple of people
}said that HCI counts all information requestors as "members".
}
}Can anyone confirm or deny this?
}
}If true, what's the impact of HCI getting a few thousand new
}members?

Last I heard, HCI had something like 250K members to the NRA's 3 million.
If true, and they want to play duelling mandates, well ...

The Polymath (aka: Jerry Hollombe, M.A., CDP, aka: hollombe@polymath.tti.com)
Head Robot Wrangler at Citicorp                      Laws define crime.
3100 Ocean Park Blvd.   (310) 450-9111, x2483       Police enforce laws.
Santa Monica, CA  90405                            Citizens prevent crime.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54818
From: yoony@aix.rpi.edu (Young-Hoon Yoon)
Subject: Re: JFFO has gone a bit too far

rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat) writes:


>|>Would somebody please post evidence that the gun control act of
>|>1968 is "a verbatim transcription" of a nazi law?

>|The "evidence" is that the two laws are basically identical.
>|However, that's not evidence that one is a copy of the other.

>|There's no evidence that the 68 GCA's authors used the nazi law as a
>|guide.  Yes, they ended up with roughly the same thing, but that comes
>|from their shared goal, disarming those menacing minorities.

>I thought the same thing too, until JPFO's RKBA article 
>in the latest Guns & Ammo
>at the newstands. This article makes it certain that Sen. Thomas Dodd
>(D-MD?) back before 1968 definitely asked for a translation of the 
>German weapons laws back then. Read the article, and see what you think
>of JPFO's argument. They note that Ted Kennedy and John Dingell are
>among the three of the originals left from the 1968 stuff, and they
>are asking that folks request of John Dingell that he introduce 
>legislation to lift GCA '68, something which I would support whole-
>heartedly!

>|-andy

Can someone post a general idea of what GCA '68 does?
Thanks.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54819
From: yoony@aix.rpi.edu (Young-Hoon Yoon)
Subject: Re: Constitutionality of 18 U.S.C 922(o)

brians@atlastele.com (Brian Sheets) writes:

>You know, I was reading 18 U.S.C. 922 and something just did not make 
>sence and I was wondering if someone could help me out.

>Say U.S.C. 922 :

>(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), it shall be unlawful for
>any person to transfer or possess a machinegun.

> Well I got to looking in my law dictionary and I found that a "person" 
>might also be an artificial entity that is created by government 
>and has no rights under the federal constitution. So, what I 
>don't understand is how a statute like 922 can be enforced on 
>an individual. So someone tell me how my government can tell
>me what I can or cannot possess. Just passing a law 
>does not make it LAW. Everyone knows that laws are constitional
>until it goes to court. So, has it ever gone to court, not
>just your run of the mill "Ok I had it I am guilty, put me in jail"

>Has anyone ever claimed that they had a right to possess and was told
>by the Supreme Court that they didn't have that right?



>-- 
>Brian Sheets		    _   /|  	"TRUCK?! What truck?"
>Support Engineer  	    \`o_O'    	 
>Atlas Telecom Inc. 	      ( ) 	   -Raiders of the Lost Ark
>brians@atlastele.com           U

I'm not a lawyer but to the best of my understanding, the Congress has no
more rights than what is enumerated in the constitution.  That is the 
prime reason why the National Firearms Act is based on collecting revenue.
Since the Congress has the authority to levy taxes, the NFA is a tax act and
the registration requirement within it is to assist in that tax collection.
U.S.C 922, in order to be constitutional, must have a basis on a particular
authority granted to the Congress by the Constitution.  Congress can not
arbitrarily ban a substance or product.  That is why prohibition came into
effect, only by passing an ammendment.   What you said about constitutionality
of law needs to be clarified.  I believe that an unconstitutional law was 
never constitutional.  When a law is determined by the Supreme Court, to be
unconstitutional, that law was never really a law.  The very nature of the law
being unconstitutional invalidates the law at it's inception.  Please correct
me if I'm wrong, but when a law is deemed to be unconstitutional, anyone
convicted of breaking that law is absolved.
   I don't believe U.S.C 922 has ever been challenged in court.  NFA has been
invalidated in two Federal District Court cases( one may have been appellate
level{ U.S. vs Rock Island Armory  and U.S. vs Dalton}).


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54820
From: jfc@athena.mit.edu (John F Carr)
Subject: Re: WACO burning

In article <C5wCyB.n1F@dscomsa.desy.de> hallam@zeus02.desy.de writes:

>Perhaps you consider that Hitler was not responsible for the Holocaust 
>since the allies could have done more to stop him?

Attention please!

According to the rules of usenet flame wars, once a discussion degenerates
to the point where Hitler is mentioned, that flame war may be declared
ended.  I would like to take this opportunity to do that now.  Clearly
further discussion is not useful with the current set of facts, and the
current name calling and invocation of Hitler's name is not productive even
by the standards of usenet talk groups.

If you must continue, please don't discuss this in misc.legal.  It's not
about the law.  If you would like to discuss the law as it applies to the
Waco incident, please ask questions of the form: "if the FBI started the
fire accidentally, who would be legally responsible for the deaths".

Note that followups are set not to include misc.legal.

--
    John Carr (jfc@athena.mit.edu)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54821
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Has the Pronpane Tank Been Found?

Much of the dispute about the origin of the fire that destroyed the
BD compound could be settled by examining the propane tank supposedly
crushed by one of the army tanks when they breached the walls of the
compound. If the the propane tank is flattened and has tread marks on it,
then the BD's version of the cause of the fire would seem to be
verified.

-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

The U.S. Government has become a garrotte around the necks of its
citizens.  Just as with a garrotte, the more people struggle to breathe
the air of freedom, the more the government tightens its stranglehold. The
only possible outcomes at this point are the death of government or the
elimination of personal freedom.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54822
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Re: Your Evil Tax Dollars at Work, was RE: ATF BURNS RANCH ETC ETC...

cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:

>In article <1993Apr23.162517.14029@hpcvusn.cv.hp.com>, kam@cv.hp.com (Keith Marchington) writes:

>That's another sad thing.  I'd expect this sort of shit from the BATF.
>But I'm goddamn disappointed in the FBI.  They used to be professionals.

Apparently you are unfamiliar with the history of the FBI. You might
try looking up articles from the 70's on the FBI's Cointelpro
operation for starters.
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

The U.S. Government has become a garrotte around the necks of its
citizens.  Just as with a garrotte, the more people struggle to breathe
the air of freedom, the more the government tightens its stranglehold. The
only possible outcomes at this point are the death of government or the
elimination of personal freedom.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54823
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Re: Waco Questions

16. What is the condition of the propane tank mentioned by the BD
survivors? I.e. is it crushed and does it have tread marks on it?
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

The U.S. Government has become a garrotte around the necks of its
citizens.  Just as with a garrotte, the more people struggle to breathe
the air of freedom, the more the government tightens its stranglehold. The
only possible outcomes at this point are the death of government or the
elimination of personal freedom.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54824
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: What if the Dividians were black?

In article <C5yEAB.HAC@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
writes:
> In article <1993Apr9.134525.21567@medtron.medtronic.com>  
rn11195@medtronic.COM (Robert Nehls) writes:
> >Kenneth D. Whitehead (kdw@icd.ab.com) wrote:
> >: oleary@cbnewsh.cb.att.com (brian.m.leary) writes:
> >
> >: > Questions for the media and the politically correct:
> >: > 
>   [...]
> >: > If the people in the compound were black and the guys in ninja suits
> 
> Some of the Davidians *are* black.
> 
> Next question?
> 

Still thinking you have all the answers, eh?

> 
> -- 
> 

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54825
From: ez012344@hamlet.ucdavis.edu (Dan Herrin)
Subject: Re: Your Evil Tax Dollars at Work, was RE: ATF BURNS RANCH ETC ETC...

Lord, I hope you don't Hoover was a pro! He was monstrous.

Dan

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54826
From: dale@access.digex.com (Dale Farmer)
Subject: Re: Raid justification was: Blast them next time

Rick Bressler (bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com) wrote:
<forgot to leave in his quote source>
: >What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
: >had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
: >compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.
The BATF is a part of the dept. of treasury, not justice.  If they needed
to assault a place they could just do like the IRS does...call in the
federal marshalls service, their fugitive collection teams do similar type
assaults all the time.  And they are very, very good about it, in both the
tactical and legal parts of it.  But I suspect that the marshalls would
not have touched it, because the search warrant (which is still sealed I
believe) was so bogus.  

Besides the BATF also could have gotton SWAT teams from: federal marshalls
service; FBI; secret service; national park service; texas rangers; nearby
large city police forces; the military.  But they had to use their own
guys, nobody elses SWAT team was good enough for the holy cause of gun
control.   

	I also find the timing of the raid to be extremely interesting. 
Initial raid: two days before the NJ senate was going to overturn their
"assault weapon" confiscation law; a couple weeks before the BATF's budget
was going to come up in congress for review;  shortly after Reno got
confirmed as AG (I don't need to remind you about her anti-gun line);
right around the presidents 100th day in office.   As a wise man once
said: once is happenstance, twice is coincidence, three times is enemy
action.    I don't believe that these four things are conincidental.  Do
you?  


food for thought...

--Dale Farmer


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54827
From: turmoil@halcyon.com (Tim Crowley)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

paull@hplabsz.hpl.hp.com (Robert Paull) writes:

>Mr. Nice Guy (rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu) wrote:
>: The Branch Davidians were not violent and were not planning to start
>: violence.
>:  
>: When the BD compound was assaulted by the ATF the BD did fire back.
>: But they agreed to a cease fire and they allowed the ATF to care for
>: their wounded.  The BD even released the ATF agents they captured.  It
>: is clear from the release of the agents and allowing the ATF medical
>: attention that the BD were not looking for trouble.

>  This is the first I've heard of the BD capturing and releasing ATF agents.
>Is there any more info about this?

>Rob P.
           
It was filmed the day of the first assault.  The BDs clearly allowed the
BATF agents who were shot and wounded to leave the compound.  The
lesson, I suppose is that you should keep shooting untill ALL the pigs
are dead and then get the fuck outa dodge. Never give a pig an even
break.  

Seeeeee Ya  turmoil@halcyon.com   FUCK THE POLICE!!!!



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54828
From: bd@fluent@dartmouth.EDU (Brice Dowaliby)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:

>Then post what the press has said, not what you wished they said.
>The Medical Examiner has refuted the FBI "facts" and if you don't
>believe someone who has a LOT more reason to be impartial then 
>what do you have to say for yourself.

In the interest of accuracy (seems a liitle late to start
that, I know) the medical examiner has *not* contradicted
the FBI.

The FBI said they found some folks who had been shot in
the head, and the medical examiner said "we have not seen
evidence of this".

At the time the medical examiner said that, they were dealing
with charred bodies in the compound - this sounds like
typical medical examiner not releasing details until
a thorough investigation.  The medical examiner saying
he hasn't seen something is *not* the same thing as saying
that it isn't there.

While it might end up being true that the FBI had spoken
falsely, it isn't clear yet that they have.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54829
From: allanh@sco.COM (Allan J. Heim)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !


jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu:

   Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.  It would not
   be economic to smuggle them in.  All production would have to be
   local.  There are not all that many people who have both the skill
   AND motivation to assemble worthwhile firearms from scratch.
   High-ranking crime figures could obtain imported Uzis and such, but
   the average person, and average thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun
   - and would pay through the nose for it.

Good point you make.  However, a zip gun, by definition, is a crude,
homemade gun--certainly not something capable of sustained, accurate
fire, but it would be useful as a means of getting a normal gun.  Recall
the tiny, single-shot pistols made by the Allies during World War II for
use by partisans.  They were essentially well-made zipguns, incapable of
effective fire beyond a few feet.  But they were useful as a means of
killing German soldiers for their guns.

Also note that the crowd-pleasin' favorite, the Sten gun, was
specifically designed to require as little machine work as possible.
The point's been made here that one could make a Sten clone with steel
tubing, hand tools and a welder.

I still think that while the point is good, I think there's a difference
between marijuana and firearms, in that quality marijuana can be grown
locally; there's no need to import the stuff.  If guns are banned, I
think the demand for "real" guns will be sufficient to make smuggling
economically feasible, thus rendering a ban moot.  In any case, the
result would be the same--people who aren't criminals won't have
firearms, and "bad guys" will continue to have access to them, one way
or another.  And I don't see that as a necessary situation.
-- 
Allan J. Heim   allanh@sco.COM   ...!uunet!sco!allanh   +1 408 427 7813

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54830
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: FYI - BATF reply on Waco

In article <C5L480.K7u@elite.intel.com> dgw@elite.intel.com (Dennis Willson)  
writes:
[..]
> 
> On February 28, 1993, the special agents attempting to serve the
> Federal search warrant were all dressed in apparel clearly identified
> with the letters "ATF" and a highly visible police-type badge.
> Additionally, the special agents announced who they were and their
> purpose for being at the compound.
> 
> Immediately following this announcement, gunfire erupted from the
> compound, resulting in the deaths of four ATF special agents and the
> wounding of several others.  Through no fault of ATF, the element of
> surprise was lost, which caused the tragedy.  

This statement simply amazes me!  "Through no fault of ATF, the element of  
surprise was lost"!  What element of surprise?  In the paragraph preceding this  
one, he said "... the special agents announced who they were and their purpose  
for being at the compound", which was to serve the federal warrant.  No element  
of surprise was even needed for that.  

No, the element of surprise that they lost was that needed for a preemptive  
first strike, without warning.  

> Inasmuch as the warrants
> remain sealed by a U.S. magistrate, and the investigation remains in an
> active ongoung status, we are prohibited from disclosing any further
> information at this time.
> 

Read: They need to wait until they see how it comes out before they fabricate  
anymore, which could get disproven.

> We hope we have been responsive to your letter.  Please let us know
> whenever we may be of service.
> 
>                           Sincerely yours,
> 
>                           Daniel M. H??l??tt  [can't make out signature]
>                           Deputy Director

As always, no facts, just my opinions/observations.

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54831
From: loki@acca.nmsu.edu (Entropic Destroyer)
Subject: Re: Need info on 43:1 and suicide for refutation

Entropic Destroyer (loki@acca.nmsu.edu) wrote:

: I have seen these numbers quoted before, and I have seen very specific
: refutation of them quoted as well.  If someone will be so kind as to
: email the relevant information, I will write a letter to the editor of
: the Co. Daily (which might get published) and send a copy to USN&WR as
: well.

Thanks to all who responded.  The letter has been written (making liberal
use of info provided by various net.folks) and handed to the paper.  I'll
post if it gets into the paper!

--Dan

--
  DoD #202 / loki@acca.nmsu.edu / liberty or death / taylordf@ucsu.colorado.edu 
                 Send me something even YOU can't read...
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.1

mQCNAitfksQAAAEEAKceEjWI9f5KMJyKP0LOgC5dGHRpbMY2xhOo8kpEHMDyuf8a
1BfDQSj53kosTz6HRoshSDzLVuL1/40vPjmMNtFR+vyZ4jvd3rL4iuq2umMmex3M
itf3uLt8Xn/v/QAbsvhcFSHVJVK4Lf6wosuCMO03m2TiX31AI7VB0Uzo4yXjAAUX
tCREYW5pZWwgRiBUYXlsb3IgPExva2lAYWNjYS5ubXN1LmVkdT4=
=S5ib
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54832
From: guy@idacom.hp.com (Guy M. Trotter)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks


Hi,

In Canada, any gun that enters a National Park must be sealed (I think it's a
small metal tag that's placed over the trigger).  The net result of this is
that you _can't_ use a gun to protect yourself from bears (or psychos) in the
National Parks.  Instead, one has to be sensitive to the dangers and annoyances
of hiking in bear country, and take the appropriate precautions.

I think this policy makes the users of the National Parks feel a little closer
to Nature, that they are a part of Nature and, as such, have to deal with
nature on it's own terms.

Guy

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54833
From: thomasr@cpqhou.se.hou.compaq.com (G. Thomas Rush)
Subject: Re: Waco fire

In article <1993Apr23.181301.8500@mnemosyne.cs.du.edu> rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy) writes:
>Flash over is a frequent occurrence with indoor fires.  A fire will
>start small and in one location and heat the air.  The temperature in
>the room builds up and then everything inflammable in the room catches
>fire at once.
> 
>This may have occurred in the BD compound, I have heard reports that
>the windows were covered which would permit a fire to start unnoticed
>by those outside the compound.  When the fire got big enough, and
>broke through the walls, it appeared to be started in two places but
>was really one big fire.

The Houston Chronicle last Thursday (maybe Wednesday) said that
the interior of walls had been covered with hay bales to help
protect against bullets.  Many of you know how fast dry hay
burns.

>Because of the large quantities of tear gas inserted into the building
>it is possible that many of the women and children were in a room free
>of tear gas they would try to seal the door to keep out the tear gas.
>When they learned that a fire had broken out it was too late for them
>to escape.  They were trapped by the flames in their safe room.

In addition, the gas is specifically designed to force eyes
closed and the victim to vomit.  How fast could you leave your
burning office or home if your eyes were closed and you were
retching violently?

>I find it hard to believe that the FBI was not recording the final
>assault.  I think that they would have wanted to have tapes to show
>their agents of the the FBI overcoming the "forces of evil", aka
>the Branch Davidians.  The tapes would also allow the FBI to prove
>that they were not using excessive force.


-- 

thomas rush			compaq computer corporation	
thomasr@cpqhou.compaq.com	their employee, not their opinions.
Candidate for MISD (Magnolia, Texas) School Board Seat 5, May 1, 1993

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54834
From: positron@quip.eecs.umich.edu (Jonathan Haas)
Subject: Quotes requested

I need quotes from Jefferson, Hamilton, Madison, or any of the other founders,
that support the idea that the Second Amendment was written into the
Constitution so that the populace could protect itself it the government
began to degenerate into tyrrany. If you have any (with sources), please
mail them to me. Thanks.

-- 
__/\__  Jonathan S. Haas         | Jake liked his women the way he liked
\    /  University of Michigan   | his kiwi fruit: sweet yet tart, firm-
/_  _\  positron@eecs.umich.edu  | fleshed yet yielding to the touch, and
  \/    Finger for PGP 2.2 key   | covered with short brown fuzzy hair.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54835
From: VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: BATF initiating violence sources?

In article <1r49aj$98c@hpchase.rose.hp.com> k@hprnd.rose.hp.com (Steve Kao) writes:

>I've long since lost any newspaper or magazine article that mentions how
>the BATF said they tossed a grenade instead of knocked on the door to
>serve the search warrant on the BD compound.  Does anyone have any
>references?  I'm just looking for periodicals/newspapers and dates.  A
>copy of the article is not needed, but I wouldn't mind seeing it.
>Posting here or e-mail is fine.

       The Associated Press had an article on Monday March 1, I believe,
which quoted witnesses as describing BATF agents throwing grenades prior
to any gunfire on the part of the Davidians.

       It was among the first of a crop of different, mutually exclusive
descriptions.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54836
From: cknox@sedona.intel.com (Christopher W. Knox~)
Subject: Re: The Dayton Gun "Buy Back" (Re: Boston Gun Buy Back)


Has anyone considered how to prosecute a city holding a "no
questions asked" buy-back for receiving stolen property?
-- 
 Intel, Corp.
 5000 W. Chandler Blvd.
 Chandler, AZ  85226

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54837
From: popovich@cs.columbia.edu (Steve Popovich)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??

>>We all know what a quisling is, right?
>Obviously we don't.....
>Vidkun Quisling is known to be a traitor in Norway, not a 'censor'.
>If I have betrayed my country (Norway) bescause I implied that som of 
>you jumped to conclusions/sound a little paranoid then I think there
>is a LOT of quislings in Norway.......

Perhaps I wasn't sufficiently clear.  I was NOT accusing YOU of being
a quisling.  The quislings are in our own U.S. government, throwing
away the people's right to keep and bear arms -- at least, that's
where the ones that I INTENDED to refer to are.  I figured that people
on this newsgroup would interpret that as intended, but obviously
something of my intent got lost.
	-Steve

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54838
From: gardner@convex.com (Steve Gardner)
Subject: Re: BATF & FBI Do Right Thing in Waco

In article <1993Apr21.223541.2353@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>If the BATF and FBI have become latter-day Gestapo, then they have
>become that way because WE have desired them to be so. We get to
>vote on laws, and on the lawmakers. 
	I keep hearing people say this.  It assumes that we, at some point,
	had a choice at the ballot box: "Vote yes or no I want the FBI
	and BATF to become latter-day Gestapos".  That just isn't so.
	The process is far more complex.  We do not have direct control over
	the bureaucracy.  When we evaluate our representatives we don't often
	know what their contribution is to the wayward direction of the
	federal law enforcement bureacracy.  To assert that we got what
	we wanted is absurd.  

>Waco was an encapsulation of the All-American experience - religious
>fanaticism, militaristic thinking and overwhelming violence. Don't
>blame it on 'them', the FBI and BATF. They were just acting within
>the parameters we have set over the years. We made 'them'. We ARE 'them'.
	Oh, good I feel much better now. ;-)  

	By the way do you have a plan for getting us out of this mess we
	are in?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54839
From: mst4298@zeus.tamu.edu (Mitchell S Todd)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr23.194834.24072@synapse.bms.com>, hambidge@bms.com writes...
>mst4298@rigel.tamu.edu (Mitchell S Todd) writes:

>>	If there was a large propane tank, and it was breached, don't 
>>	you think that there would be an identifiable explosion?

>From what I saw of the videotape, there was an explosion which looked
>more like one due to propane rather than (official version)
>ammunition.

	I would agree that a propane explosion is as likely as an
	ammunition/explosives blast. My question was directed to the
	person who claimed that the propane tank was likely ruptured
	by the tank before, or just as, the fire started. If that were 
	true, shouldn't the explosion have happened very soon after 
	the fires started?	


>>	The only evidence that exists right now (at least what we know
>>	about) is various claims and counter claims. I'm waiting until
>>	the hard evidence is released. What about you?

>If only we could be certain that the hard evidence will be released.

	The FBI has made such a fuss over the videotapes and other
	evidence that they have to release something sooner or
	later. It's going to happen, and we'll get to see for
	ourselves.

	Often law enforcement agencies will withold evidence from
	public view until the investigation is over.  

                  _____  _____
                  \\\\\\/ ___/___________________
  Mitchell S Todd  \\\\/ /                 _____/__________________________
________________    \\/ / mst4298@zeus._____/.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'_'_'_/
\_____        \__    / / tamu.edu  _____/.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'_'_/
    \__________\__  / /        _____/_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_/
                \_ / /__________/
                 \/____/\\\\\\
 			 \\\\\\
			  ------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54840
Subject: New Hampshire and Maine non-resident carry permit application
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)


for those who live near or plan to vacation in New Hampshire
and Maine, I am posting the basic info of how to
apply for a LTC (CCW) in those states for non-residents.

post will be in rec.guns
-J. Case Kim
kim39@husc.harvard.edu


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54841
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: AP rifles?

I just read a clari article about how, among the other weapons
the BD had purched, they had two "Barrett 50-caliber armor-piercing
rifles."  How the hell do you use an armor-piercing rifle?  Run
up to a tank and try to stab it?

Once again, ignorance prevails amongst the media . . .

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54842
From: tip@lead.tmc.edu (Tom Perigrin)
Subject: Slick Rushie tries to have it both ways, again


Today Rush was criticizing Clinton for not claiming responsibility for the
actions and decisions of Janet Reno and the  FBI  early enough to suit
Rush.

About 2 months ago Rush was chortling over the fact that Reagan has stumped
"special persecutor Walsh" with his croaking of "I don't remember" when
asked about Ollie North.

If Rush's criticism of Clinton were to be applied to Reagan and North... 
Reagan would have been impeached while North was convicted (and overturned on
a technicality).

Gosh, Rush sure wants to have it both ways... Clinton MUST be held 
responsible, but Reagan was clever by using the "amnesia defense".

Maybe that's waht Clinton should say about campaign promises and such
"Well, there you go again Rush...  but to tell the truth, I wasn't in the
loop and I just don't remember."

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54843
Subject: Waco headlines and editorial in Boston Globe
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)


Boston Globe, Wednesday April 21 1993

col. 4  "Bodies found in ruins as FBI defends raid on cult ranch"
col. 5 "Clinton blames Koresh, orders probe of siege"
col. 2 "The children: panws in a horrifying game"

pg. 18, col. 1, Editorial page  
	"Judgment at Waco"

	Now the scientific and political scrutiny of the
horror show in Waco begins, though nothing can
undo the tragedy that might have been prevented 
there.
	Forensic experts will study the rubble and
ashes of the Branch Davidian compound, where at
least 85 people, including 24 children, perished in
smoke and fire caused by theapocalyptic visions of
a manipulative madman AND A STUNNING LAPSE IN
JUDGMENT BY FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS.
   [emphasis added by me]
	Investigators will re-create conditions at the
compound and identify accelerants and other fac-
tors fueling the inferno.  That is their strong suit.
	But the public must question why agents of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation lacked the oper-
ational skill and teh behavioral insight to resolve
the 51-day standoff free of flames and fury.
	The loss of life most clearly reflects the demen-
tia of cult leader David Koresh, whose personal
delusiosn are now seared on the public conscious-
ness.  His assembly of Davidians had stockpiles of
arms--and had used them.  LIttle in the way of
rationality could be expected from Koresh, a self-
confsesed "sinner without equal."
	What continues to mystify are th eactions of
federal agents, who bungled the case from the
start.  The misadventure began on Feb. 28 when
100 agents of the federal Bureau of Alcohol, To-
bacco and Firearms storemd the compound, intent
on seizing Koresh and a cache of automatic weap-
ons.  Four agents and an estimated  six cult mem-
bers died inteh ensuing gun battle.  Earlier
oppor-tunities to isolate and arrest Koresh outside the
complex had not been adequately explored.
	Authorities prepared a siege and resolved that
those deaths would be the last.  Fifty-one days into 
the siege there was no public outcry to storm the
compound.
	It had been correctly perceived that the chil-
dren inside "Rancho Apocalypse" were essentially 
hostages.  With their lives at stake, there was no
reason for the government to be impatient.  The
government's superior firepower, control of water
and utilities and freedom of movement created the
conditions for a belated but bloodless resolution.
	Neither Attorney General Janet Reno nor the
FBI has provided a sigle compelling reason for
abandondoning the course of patience.
	If intelligence was accurate and Koresh was
growing increasingly violent and bizarre, it is diffi-
cult to see how a tear-gas attack launched by an
M-60 combat vehicle would clear his mind.  If re-
ports of escalating child abuse were accurate, they
would have to be weighted against the potential for
eve ngreated hamr.


etc etc tec....
[paragraphs, 2.5 paragraphs deleted]

But some of the responsibility rests with Clinton,
and inexperienced president who did not pay
enough attention to the life-and -death decisions
being made on WAco.
	If Reno is to be faulted for anything, ti would
be for her overreliance on the judgment of law en-
forcement officers--a common problem among
prosecutors.
	Full investigations into th eWaco tragedy must
be conducted by both the executive and legislative
branches.  The first step is to verify how the blaze 
started.  Though apportioning blame will play a 
role, it is of greater importnace to find strategies
to elude the fire next time.

[end of editorial]
-J. Case Kim
kim39@husc.harvard.edu


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54845
From: dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto) writes:
>>	If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
>>burning building?
>
>Assuming the fire was caused by lanterns and stoves being knocked about
>by the tanks pushing on the walls (would shake a building pretty good)
>perhaps they didn't flee because fleeing would have meant ENTERING the
>fire from the other side?  Like they were surrounded by the fire, and
>rubble, which finally (combined with teargas, and combustion gasses)
>overcame and enveloped them?

>In other words they were TRAPPED by the flames, heat, fumes and rubble?

Wait a minute.  The story being pushed here is that the fire started
in ONE PLACE.  This is not consistent with the story that they were
TRAPPED by the fire (particularly in a building that all of a sudden
had many more exits).

Choose one, please.

>Does that sound plausable?  Not as dramatic as Korash forcing them to
>stay, or shooting them (no shot victims found yet), but plausable...

Well, for everyone besides Koresh and his blood children, we can 
assume independent choice: Ah, they chose to stay in the face of
an assault which clearly endangered their lives.  Or, alternatively,
they were not permitted to leave.  Choose one.

-- 
 | The Koresh cult standoff is over ... may his victims Recquiescat in Pace |
 |                                                                          |
 |                    (the above is a net.moment of silence)                |
 Daniel A. Hartung  --  dhartung@chinet.chinet.com  --  Ask me about Rotaract

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54846
From: dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung)
Subject: Waco "Inside Story" (AP) (Was Re: ATF BURNS....)

fbrown@seaway.ssd.kodak.com (Frank Brown 726-0415) writes:
>This is the AP story from Fri morning.
>
>As the walls came tumbling down and tear gas filled the air, cult leader
>David Koresh sprang into action. He left his third-floor bedroom and began
>looking around the house, making sure women and children were secure and 
>checking that everyone had their gas masks on properly. Within hours, the    
>compound became an inferno. Nine Branch Davidians excaped.
>   This is their story, gleaned from lawyers who spoke with six of them
>who are jailed on charges that include conspiracy and murder. That day the 
>six said a portable radio offered the only contact with the outside world    
>since Koresh's right-hand man, Steve Schneider, ripped out the compounds's 
>phone line after FBI agents called before dawn Monday saying this was the
>cults last chance: Come out or prepare to get forced out.

Aw, gee, and whose fault is THAT?

>    They kept their word. By dawn, tanks were battering the Mount Carmel
>compound, punching for hours to creat holes for tear gas to enter. The BD
>meanwhile proceeded with their daily routines. Strapped into gas masks, the
>women did laundry. Others read Bibles in their rooms. The 17 children, all
>under 10, remained by their mothers' sides. Still, it was hard to ignore 
>what was happening around them. Each time a tank rammed the 
>poorly-constructed building it shook violently. Cult members dodges 
>falling gypsum wallboard and doors.

Dear, dear.  They could have COME OUT.

>Hundreds of gas canisters hurled in from the armored vehicles were filling
>the air with noxious fumes. The flying canisters were more frightening than
>the tanks. At least one man was hit in the face.

Dear, dear.  They could have COME OUT.

 The gas began filling the air,
>driven by heavy gusts of wind coming through windows and the holes the tanks
>made. 

It couldn't have gotten too heavy with all that wind blowing through.

Scattered throughout the house, the cult members made no efforts to
>gather. Then the FBI sent in its biggest weapon -- a massive armored vehicle
>headed for a chamber, lined with cinder blocks, where authorities hoped to 
>find Koresh and Schneider and fire tear gas directly at them.
>  Here the cult members' story diverges from the government's version. The
>FBI says cult members set fires in three places. But each of the six cult
>members, in separate discussions with lawyers, consistently gave versions
>at odds with the FBI's account. They say the tank flattened a barrel of 
>propane, spilling its contents. And as the tank thundered through the house,
>it tipped over lit lanterns, spitting flames that ignited the propane and
>other flammables. The home of used lumber, plywood, and wallboard tacked 
>together with tar paper was vulnerable. The building erupted. Nine BD's
>escaped jumping through windows and dashing through other openings. Others
>died groping in the blackness.

Sad, but they COULD HAVE COME OUT.

-- 
 | The Koresh cult standoff is over ... may his victims Recquiescat in Pace |
 |                                                                          |
 |                    (the above is a net.moment of silence)                |
 Daniel A. Hartung  --  dhartung@chinet.chinet.com  --  Ask me about Rotaract

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54847
From: dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung)
Subject: Take the WACO QUIZ!  Impress your friends!  Win valuable cash prizes!

The Waco Quiz

What would you do in the following hypothetical situations?

You have committed no crime.  The BATF conducts a "no-knock" raid.
a) Hands in air. Say "Do you have a warrant?" Think of hefty suit settlement.
b) Say "You have 1 second to identify yourself as a cop or I shoot."
c) Shoot.  Heck, at least in federal prison you might get to have sex.

You have killed federal agents. They blast strange music at you.
a) Come out with hands up. "I wish to turn state's evidence." Hope deal's good.
b) Wait, figuring other federal agents will get bored and go on vacation.
c) Wait. If they come after you there will be a chance to kill MORE g-men.

The FBI has you surrounded, asks you to come out immediately.
a) Come out, figuring long prison term is chance to catch up on some writing.
b) Stall. You just can't concentrate when you're on trial for some reason.
c) Decide to write novel-length prophecy now while ideas are fresh in mind.

FBI calls and says they will use tear gas if you don't come out.
a) Come out with hands up. Your radical bro-in-law hated getting gassed at UC.
b) Get out your gas mask. Really, these feds will have to give up eventually.
c) Shoot at vehicles delivering tear gas. It's rude to break down a man's door!

FBI calls and says they will use tanks to break down your walls.
a) Come out with your hands up. Flimsy cardboard construction won't last long.
b) With presence of mind, move flammable devices away from tinder-dry haybales.
c) Spread some kerosene around and hit a match. Big Schwarzenegger ending.

Points are awarded in the following manner: 0 points for every (a) answer,
-1 points for every (b) answer, and -2 points for every (c) answer.
Count 'em up and compare with your friends!

If you answered (a) all the time, you are probably in jail, but alive.
If you answered (b) all the time, you may still be holed up in your compound.
If you answered (c) all the time, you are probably dead.

(Feel free to copy this and distribute to your friends.)

-- 
 | The Koresh cult standoff is over ... may his victims Recquiescat in Pace |
 |                                                                          |
 |                    (the above is a net.moment of silence)                |
 Daniel A. Hartung  --  dhartung@chinet.chinet.com  --  Ask me about Rotaract

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54848
From: dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung)
Subject: Re: The Truth about Waco 

jgd@dixie.com (John De Armond) writes:
>Nothing could at this point.  What WOULD have gone a long way toward 
>convincing me would have been media video, particularly from diverse
>sources.  IMHO, if the government didn't have anything to hide, they
>would have allowed cameras near the compound from the beginning.

I agree, I saw no reason they could not have had "close in" pool
cameras manned by volunteers and protected by sandbags or whatever.

[Points made by Dick DeGueran, Koresh's lawyer]
>*	The tanks were NOT pumping CS gas but were ejecting exploding 
>	canisters from the tank booms that penetrated multiple walls
>	before exploding.

Okay, their word against the FBI's at this point.  See ya in court!

>*	The tanks were collapsing interior walls and ceilings putting people
>	at great risk.

Dear, dear. They could have COME OUT.

>*	The construction of the coupound used almost all used materials that
>	were very dry and bails of hay were stacked against the walls as 
>	shields against the government's bullets.

Okay, they were living in a fire hazard. That they built.

>*	Said that previous to the invasion there were no military drills
>	and that the supplies they had on hand were for survival.

No crime, irrelevant either way.

>*	Their gas masks worked so well that many members were having bible
>	study and some were sleeping when the fire was set.

Ah yes, that is exactly what I would do.  Hold Bible study. Take a nap.
Always a wise course of action when you're being gassed.

>*	There was no group instruction of any kind from Koresh or his 
>	aids after the tank invasion (referring to any kind of suicide
>	pact or counter-assault efforts.)

I don't believe there was a "suicide pact".  I believe that Koresh
wanted a fiery conflagration ... which he may not have told his followers.
In fact, this hypothesis is CONFIRMED by the survivors' stories.

>*	Everyone had moved to the center of the compound in order to escape
>	the falling debris from the tank invasion when the fire was set. 

Yes, that's right.  And once the whole compound was demolished, where
did they expect to go?

>*	Women and children who has sought shelter on the second floor from
>	the tanks were trapped by doors jammed by the tanks ramming the 
>	building and distorting the frames.

The building is being RAMMED and they are going UPSTAIRS?  That's almost
as bad as running into a fire.

>*	Hallways ran the length of the buildings that acted as conduits for
>	the fire and trapped almost everyone in place.  His experts have told
>	him that this horizonal chimney effect is what made the fire appear
>	to have started at several places at once.

Hm, an interesting notion.  We'll see.

>*	Koresh was not seen the last hour before the fire and was assumed to
>	be in his 4th floor room with some of his children.

More Bible study, no doubt.  Hey, it's a *priority*.

>*	The texas medical examiner has stated flatly that none of the bodies
>	recovered so far had bullet wounds, directly contradicting the FBI's
>	lies.

Actually, on Friday he stated that there was no evidence either way and
he could not flatly contradict the federal agents' claims.  We'll know
more later.  In any event, it's irrelevant.

>*	The survivors unanimously stated that if the victims could have gotten
>	out they would have, that they were trapped by the tank-destroyed 
>	building and the speed of the fire.

For six hours they were trapped?  The building was not "destroyed" 
immediately.  They COULD HAVE LEFT AT ANY TIME.

>*	The underground bunker cited by the FBI as the place Koresh could have
>	put the children had he not been a cold blooded killer had been blocked
>	by the tanks crashing down debris on top of the access door.

Six hours to move it away.  Or COME OUT.

>*	Dick said that he had sat in Koresh's bedroom talking to him and 
>	had observed that his room was furnished like all the rest and without
>	air condition or other luxuries, directly contradicting the FBI's claim 
>	that he lived in splendor.

Irrelevant, anyway.  PR one way or the other, but no crime or innocence
indicated.

>*	Dick saw bullet holes in Koresh's room made from the outside-in
>	which indicates the BATF was indiscriminately shooting down through
>	the roof.  

No word on whether they were being fired back at, which is an operative
question here.

>*  The fire was probably started by the tanks knocking over Coleman Lanterns 
>	that were lit and sitting on a piano next to the wall the tanks busted 
>	through, though none of the survivors saw the fire start.

Right.  For six hours you know that a tank could come thru the wall at 
any point, and you leave a COLEMAN LANTERN BURNING.  Near BALES OF HAY.

>*	Every one of the survivors strongly denies ever saying anything to the 
>	FBI about starting the fire, hearing someone say the fire was lit
>	or any of the other stuff attributed to them by the FBI.

It's ultimately irrelevant who "lit" the fire.  They had ample opportunity
to LEAVE.

>*	He said when he first met Koresh in the compound he expected to find 
>	a raving lunatic but instead found a rational, charming and intelligent 
>	young man and was very surprised by that fact.  

Most charismatic leaders are extremely intelligent, actually.  They tend
to be excellent actors and skilled manipulators.  (Ex.: Ted Bundy.)

>*	Koresh had no drugs stronger than aspirin to use against pain.

Medical assistance was jsut a phone call away.  Gee, all he had to do
was COME OUT.

>*	Women with children had their own bedrooms for them and their kids
>	that were appointed as nicely as Koresh's.

Not relevant to any crimes.

>*	Dick said he saw signs of home schooling for the kids and at no time 
>	did he ever see any signs of abuse.

While he was there.  Anyway, outsiders RARELY see abuse.  It's a secretive
thing.  All we have to go on are the court documents in the Jewell case
and the mistrial in California.

>*	No one was ever held against their wills and could have left at any
>	time.  The people who were murdered in the fire were there by their
>	own choices.

EXACTLY.  By their OWN CHOICE.

>*	He called for an independent prosecutor.  If ever there were a need
>	for one, this is it.

Looks like there will be several investigations, starting with Congressional
committee hearings next week....

>His closing comments were "They don't look upon themselves as a cult.
>They view themselves as highly religious people.  They sincerely believe
>what they believe.  And who am you or I to judge that as wrong?"
>
>His last sentence says it all.  Who the hell ARE we (or the government)
>to judge their religion as wrong.  This event, I hope, will be recorded
>in history as the American Holocaust.  These people were murdered 
>by the US government just as surely as the jews were by the Nazis.
>I hang my head in shame for what I've allowed my government to become.

I have NEVER judged them by their religion, but by their ACTIONS.

If they had lived a quiet, religious life as they claimed, there would
have been no raid, no siege, and no deaths.  Instead, they chose courses
of action at every turn that were at the very least STUPID, if not
IRRATIONAL.  The first was to stockpile weapons.  The second was to
shoot federal agents.  The third was to stay inside.

Just as we don't blame a cop who shoots a kid who had pointed a toy
weapon at him, I don't think the FBI deserves blame in this case.

-- 
 | The Koresh cult standoff is over ... may his victims Recquiescat in Pace |
 |                                                                          |
 |                    (the above is a net.moment of silence)                |
 Daniel A. Hartung  --  dhartung@chinet.chinet.com  --  Ask me about Rotaract

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54849
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: text of White House announcement and Q&As on clipper chip encryption

In article <strnlghtC5tr6D.n3n@netcom.com>, strnlght@netcom.com (David Sternlight) writes:

> Though I agree this is not the place to discuss guns, I note in passing that
> a number of gun apologists seem to have ignored the words "well regulated"
> in their distorted interpretations of the Second Amendment.

Though David Sternlight pushes the envelope of credibility by claiming that
talk.politics.guns is not the place to discuss guns, or the meaning of the
Second Amendment, it seems he would rather post to millions of people out 
of relative ignorance of the subject than to follow the currently active 
threads discussing EXACTLY this topic which at least explore the fallacies 
of his erroneous claim, and at most explode them.

Basic fact #1, Mr. Sternlight:  The RIGHT described is a "right of the people
to keep and bear arms;" not a "right of the people to form a militia," a
"right of a militia to keep and bear arms," or a "right of well-regulated
people to keep and bear arms."  This should be apparent from a simple
reading of the sentence.

For the other arguments, I suggest you check out the thread, "Some more
about gun control," playing now in an alt.politics.usa.constitution
near you.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54850
From: cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter)
Subject: Re: The Dayton Gun "Buy Back" (Re: Boston Gun Buy Back)

On Wed, 21 Apr 1993 16:01:03 GMT, Larry Cipriani (lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com) wrote:
> According to WNCI 97.9 FM radio this morning, Dayton, Ohio is operating a
> gun "buy back".  They are giving $50 for every functional gun turned in.
> They ran out of money in one day, and are now passing out $50 vouchers of
> some sort.  They are looking for more funds to keep operating.  Another
> media-event brought to you by HCI.

> Is there something similar pro-gun people can do ?  For example, pay $100
> to anyone who lawfully protects their life with a firearm ?  Sounds a bit
> tacky, but hey, whatever works.

How about a gun buy-back/charity?  Get some sponsors to fund the
purchase of used firearms, have a gunsmith check them over, and give
or sell them at a low price to poor persons wishing to own firearms. ;-)
[OK, you guys can work out the details of who is "needy", etc...]

--
Charles Scripter   *   cescript@phy.mtu.edu
Dept of Physics, Michigan Tech, Houghton, MI 49931
-------------------------------------------------------------
"...when all government... in little as in great things, shall be
drawn to Washington as the centre of all power, it will render
powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will
become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we
separated."   Thomas Jefferson, 1821

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54852
From: gdnikoli@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Greg Nikolic)
Subject: Re: Who's next? Mormons and Jews?

In article <C5s5n0.DyJ@world.std.com> rjk@world.std.com (Robert J. Kolker) writes:
>take their oath at the fortress. Lo Tepol Shaynit Matzadah. Matzadah will
>not fall again!

     These zealots. Holy fuck.

     Israel. Armenia. Turkey. Greece. Croatia. Serbia. Bosnia. Russia. Germany.
Iran. The Arab World.

     War.


-- 
     "Please allow me to introduce myself.               SYMPATHY 
      I'm a man of wealth and taste.                   FOR THE DEVIL
      I've been around for long, long years.            the Laibach  
      Stolen many a man's soul, and faith."               remixes

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54853
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: The Truth about Waco

OK... quick scenario... you're at home, not bothering anybody... next thing you
know, somebody comes crashing in the upstairs window and you hear an explosion.
You see that this individual has a submachinegun, and that more similarly armed
individuals are rushing your front door.  Will you a) defend yourself and family
against this attack b) realize "oh, only the BATF would enter like that, so I 
better surrender" or c) roll over and let whoever is attacking your home do
what they would like?  You have chosen a), and discover that the people you 
defended yourself against are federal agents, who now are camped outside your
door waiting for you to surrender.  You have learned that they intend to 
charge you with murder, and are further defaming your name, while claiming that
you can safely surrender at any time.  Then they start using psychological 
warfare techniques against you, while still claiming that you can safely give up
and will receive a fair trial.  Some weeks into this standoff, you are still
holding out, when they begin a new ploy to induce your surrender, namely using
tear gas to annoy you, and ramming your home with tanks.  Yet they claim that
you can safely surrender at any time.  While you patiently wait out this latest
round of attacks, your house catches fire and the bales of hay you were using as
cover spread the fire rapidly through the house, and you try to escape through
the fortifications you had raised for your own defense and the rubble created
by the tanks.  Only 9 of your followers make it.

I am not claiming that the above scenario is accurate.  I am disagreeing with
the notion that it is their own fault for dying because they refused to 
surrender to agents of the Federal government after another federal agency
committed an armed assault of their home on the basis of a flimsily concocted
search warrant.  

Look at how the Texas Rangers view the BATF.  Look at the FBI statements
regarding the BATF actions.  From all apparent sources, the FBI blundered
trying to clean up the mess made by the BATF, resulting in an accidental fire
which killed most of the BD's who were still in the compound, and are now 
playing CYA.  The BATF committed an illegal assault, obtained the use of 
Texas NG resources with fabricated allegations, and compounded their abuses
by accusing the BD's of crimes outside their jurisdiction once they had been
held off in their assault.

-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54854
From: howard@Metaphor.COM (Lee Howard)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <C59BIE.4zL@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca>, papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod) writes:
|> In article <1993Apr8.193321.12753@anasazi.com> john@anasazi.com (John R. Moore) writes:
|> 
|> >They were driving down a heavily used street in the middle of the day,
|> >when a car with 5 young black males pulled up behind them, and one
|> >of the occupants fired 8 9mm rounds into the rear of their truck. Both
|> >the man and his fiancee pulled their pistols and returned fire, driving
|> >off the attackers. Their child suffered a flesh wound to his arm, and
|> >the parents sustained grazes from the incident.
|> 
|> What a beautiful country you people have built for yourselves.  Enjoy it.
==========================================================================
  Yes, we do have a beautiful country. And I enjoy it.  Most of all, I
  enjoy the thought that I have the means and can exercise my rights
  to defend me and mine. 
 
  And I want to thank all of you good folks, like Prescod, who remind me
  of what I have.  Along this line, I watched a documentary on one of the
  Nazi concentration camps.  Stacks and stacks of bodies.  There were scenes
  of Hitler speechifying, and what struck me, was the reverence and adoration
  on the faces of the people in the crowds.  I guess they were happy that
  Hitler had implemented full gun control and was taking care of the Jewish
  problem all at the same time.

---lee  

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54855
From: garrod@dynamo.ecn.purdue.edu (David Garrod)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C603oD.AvC@chinet.chi.il.us>, dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung) writes:
> pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto) writes:
> >>	If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
> >>burning building?
> >
> >Assuming the fire was caused by lanterns and stoves being knocked about
> >by the tanks pushing on the walls (would shake a building pretty good)
> >perhaps they didn't flee because fleeing would have meant ENTERING the
> >fire from the other side?  Like they were surrounded by the fire, and
> >rubble, which finally (combined with teargas, and combustion gasses)
> >overcame and enveloped them?
> 
> >In other words they were TRAPPED by the flames, heat, fumes and rubble?
> 
> Wait a minute.  The story being pushed here is that the fire started
> in ONE PLACE.  This is not consistent with the story that they were
> TRAPPED by the fire (particularly in a building that all of a sudden
> had many more exits).
> 
> Choose one, please.
> 

What if.......

What if the FBI thought that tear gas would force the Davidians out;
at least the mothers and the children, so they (the FBI) did not
bother to think about the effect of tear gas on young children......

What if the FBI knew they killed several of the children by using
tear gas......(let`s assume the FBI knew via their listening devices)

What if the FBI saw fire accidently break out at one end of the
building, e.g. by an upset oil lamp.......

What if the FBI thought they could finally force the rest of the
Davidians out AND also destroy the evidence that they (the FBI) had
killed the children by starting a fire at the other end......

What if the FBI miscalculated and not many of the rest of the Davidians
made it out.......?????

Answer:  What happened.



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54856
From: diederic@spot.Colorado.EDU (Andrew Diederich)
Subject: Re: The Truth about Waco 

In article (Dan Hartung) writes:

  <Endless remarks of how the Davidians could have surrendered deleted.>
 
>If they had lived a quiet, religious life as they claimed, there would
>have been no raid, no siege, and no deaths.  Instead, they chose courses
>of action at every turn that were at the very least STUPID, if not
>IRRATIONAL.  The first was to stockpile weapons.  The second was to
>shoot federal agents.  The third was to stay inside.

  If they had been quiet there would have been no deaths??  I thought thier
neighbors said that the Davidians never bothered them.  Oh, well, that couldn't
have been your point, then.  

  If they hadn't been stockpiling weapons, then the ATF wouldn't have felt 
threatened and had to move in.  Here's a newsflash:  It isn't illegal to
own more than one firearm.  It isn't even illegal to own *lots* of firearms.
 
  They shot federales?  The feds shot them, too.  

  How about that staying inside thing?  Here's another newsflash:  sometimes
the government does nasty things to you that you don't deserve.  Since
they were so nice to the Davidians the first time round, I can see why
the Davidians didn't surrender so easily, especially because they were
expecting the end of the world.

-- 
Andrew Diederich                    diederic@spot.colorado.edu

These opinions are only mine when they wave that watch infront of my eyes.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54857
From: jon@atlas.MITRE.org (J. E. Shum)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1


In article <blake.70.735413837@nevada.edu>, blake@nevada.edu (Rawlin Blake) writes:
> In article <1993Apr21.160642.12470@ringer.cs.utsa.edu> whughes@lonestar.utsa.edu (William W. Hughes) writes:
> >In article <feustelC5tw49.7p5@netcom.com> feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:
> >>I predict that the outcome of the study of what went wrong with the
> >>Federal Assault in Waco will result in future assaults of that type
> >>being conducted as full-scale military operations with explicit
> >>shoot-to-kill directives.
> >
> >You mean they aren't already? Could have fooled me.
> >
> >-- 
> >                            REMEMBER WACO!
> >     Who will the government decide to murder next? Maybe you?
> >[Opinions are mine; I don't care if you blame the University or the State.]
> 
> Well, it seems we don't learn the lessons of history do we?
> 
> I was hoping that Kent State taught us a lesson.
> 
> Apparently not.
> 
> Apparently the government will murder anyone they choose to still.
> 

Hmm... For more recent lesson what about that little square in China?

Another lesson might be the one repeated every year in Tibet...

And of course there's always El Salvador...

And the beat goes on and on...     :^(

MESSAGES FROM GOD:  GET OFF YOUR ASS!  DON'T TRUST THE
GOVERNMENT!  AT ANY TIME!  FOR ANY REASON!  -THE SCREAMING MAN
     
CONNECT THE GOD-DAMNED DOTS!!!  Ministry, TV Song

-- 
Clinton Administration e-mail addresses | clintonhq@campaign92.org (MCIMail)
    provided as a public service by     | 75300.3115@compuserve.com (CompuServe)
    Jon Edward Shum (jon@mitre.org)     | clintonpz@aol.com (America Online)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54858
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Re: Raid justification was: Blast them next time

dale@access.digex.com (Dale Farmer) writes:

>Rick Bressler (bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com) wrote:
><forgot to leave in his quote source>
>: >What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
>: >had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
>: >compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.
>The BATF is a part of the dept. of treasury, not justice.  If they needed
>to assault a place they could just do like the IRS does...call in the
>federal marshalls service,

The IRS doesn't need to rely on the Federal Marshall's Services; the
IRS has its own Swat teams. I saw a picture of one in an article on
the IRS in some magazine or other.
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

The U.S. Government has become a garrotte around the necks of its
citizens.  Just as with a garrotte, the more people struggle to breathe
the air of freedom, the more the government tightens its stranglehold. The
only possible outcomes at this point are the death of government or the
elimination of personal freedom.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54859
From: an030@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Broward Horne)
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks


In a previous article,  () says:

>"Freed om of Religion" has absolutely nothing to do with building a small
>arsenal and grooming 10-year old children to be your wife. "I'll come out
>as soon as I finish my manuscript on the Seven Seals." Oh, OK, David.


        Interesting that Janet Reno has publically announced that
        we need steal ourselves for more Wacos.  I wonder if I can
        get the gasoline concession.


>I agree that Koresh was as much of a victim as a perpetrator; this because
>he grew up inside the cult, and engaged in a power struggle where his
>supporters helped inflate his ego.


     Yup.  Kill that bastard!

>
>This was no MOVE fuck-up. A helicoptor was thermal-imaging the compound



     Ah, yes.  The ILLEGAL helicopter, searchign for the non-existent
     PCP lab.  I remember it well, even if the media ( and y'all ) tell
     me I don't.  Call me Winston.

>that afternoon and detected three fires erupting almost simultaneously.
>There were no CS CANISTERS... a specially modified Abrams was pupming the


      Ahhh, yes.  The "non-existent" canisters.  Call me Winston again.


>stuff in. No chance of starting a fire there. Kerosene lamps? Maybe one,
>but not three fires. No way. Koresh wasn't just talking out of his ass. I
>expected this to happen.

     I did too, but for different reasons.  The FBI has a habit of burning
     up people in fortified areas.


>Maybe they WANTED it to look like murder. He had 50+ days. I think this was
>coming the whole time. He didn't even put the children in the buried bus or
>the underground bunker during the CS seige. He put them up into the tower
>to die. Fuck all of you "Big Brother" paranoid freaks. The only good thing
>to come of any of this is that there will be one less group of crazoids to
>attract some of the more rootless members of our society.


      Yup.  Good.  Dead.  YEAH!   Maybe Janet will do some more, just
      like she's promis, er, WARNED us about.

      Like I told y'all before.  I would SERIOUSLY consider the following:

        Get your passport in order now.
        Consider overseas options for your savings.

 




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54860
From: an030@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Broward Horne)
Subject: Re: Waco "Inside Story" (AP) (Was Re: ATF BURNS....)


In a previous article, dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung) says:

>
>Dear, dear.  They could have COME OUT.


     So could the defenders in the Alamo.  You're clearly missing the
     point here.  Typically, I might add.

     If it were me, I doubt that *I* would have come out.

     BATF show up, start shooting at me, etc.  Then they paint me
     a child-molesting murdering fanatic, call up TANKS, hundreds
     of automatic-armed goons.  Restrict press access to two miles
     away.  

     Come on.  If I can watch pictures of burned women and children
     in Bosnia on CNN, why am I being limited to a two-mile-away
     replay of a fire in Waco?  Huh?  Answer me that.





Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54861
From: PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Hallam-Baker bashes tpgers (was Re: Welcome to Police State USA)

In article <C5yypo.EI2@dscomsa.desy.de>
hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker) writes:
 
>In article <1993Apr22.041542.11054@a.cs.okstate.edu>, kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT) writes:
>
>|>From article <C5t9IA.6F9@dscomsa.desy.de>, by hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker):
>|>Just what the hell do you base that ludicrous claim on?  There are
>|>*plenty* of fine, decent people people who read/post to t.p.g.  If
>|>any of these people are paranoid it is because of people like you.
>
>Hey dude you are making me paranoid! What an argument!!!
 
 
       While I wouldn't be too terribly impressed with anybody who got
to be paranoid based on either Usenet in general or Phill Hallam-Baker's
comments in general, you'd be surprised.
 
       For most people, if you accuse them of something long enough and
loud enough, to enough people, they start to ask why they're bothering
to fight it.
 
       If nothing you do will be considered right, why bother to do right?
It's pretty basic human nature.
 
>|>I'd have a spot of tea with them. :)  You probably gave up on arguing the
>|>case for arms control directly long ago because posters who *know*
>|>what they are talking about (e.g., Frank Crary) disproved all your
>|>arguments for why more gun control is needed.  So, you gave up because
>|>you know they are right and you couldn't refute their answers.
>
>No, Frank Crary's arguments are based on the assumption that most people
>are sane, normal people. tpg disproves this of gun owners.
 
       What an amazing thing.  I didn't realize that over a hundred million
gun owners all posted to tpg.
 
       Even if *all* the posts in talk.politics.guns illustrated what
you say they illustrate, it would still only reflect the written
personas (which is often different from face-to-face) of a very, very
small and select group.
 
       Anybody who seriously generalizes any attitudes or positions on
Usenet to the general population of any country either doesn't care
about accuracy or needs to have a few realities explained to them.
 
>USEnet as a whole
>disproves it of humanity as a whole.
 
        Speaking of which...
 
      Most of the "readership" posts I've seen put the most read
newsgroups at about 160,000 readers, a number I have a feeling is
fairly inflated.  The posters, rare and regular, are themseleves a
very tiny minority of that group.  And the whole of Usenet readers
are themselves a very distorted sample of humanity.
 
       If anything, the only real thing you can get out of the relative
sample of Usenet readers is that we've got too much equipment and too
much time available to us.
 
>We now have proof positive that guns don't make you safer. Buy a lot of
>guns and you either get shot in the no knock raid or get the FBI to burn
>down your house.
 
        Proof that guns don't make you safer is that if you buy one the
government will show up and kill you?
 
        Tell me, if the government took away the voting rights of
everybody who exercised their free speech, would that then be proof
that free speech squelches political activity?
 
        You are equating two things with each other that don't.
 
>See even in the paranoid mindset of tpg there are good reasons
>to support gun control.
 
        Phill, if you really believe that the various posts on
computer nets represents *either* most of the poster's in person
personalities *or* the general public's general opinions, then
I have some serious reservations about your grasp on reality.
 
        But don't expect you really do believe that.  It's simply
a convenient way to make your point, and hopefully make those
people you don't like look bad.
 
>Cuddles 'n kisses
>
>Phill
 
        Have a nice day, Phill.
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal  University of Tennessee Division of Continuing Education
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed\
When you pushed me down the elevator shaft\ ... Sometimes I get to
thinking you don't love me anymore." - "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54863
From: f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu
Subject: RE: the truth starts to come out

In article <C5uA7r.DAD@da_vinci.it.uswc.uswest.com>, pprun@august.it.uswc.uswest.com writes:
> 
> 
> I have just one thing to say about this: WRITE YOUR CONGRESSPERSON!
> The FBI and BATF storm troopers must not be allowed to get away with
> this.  Demand a full investigation of the Waco survivor's story of
> the lantern being knocked over by the tank.  We can't bring anybody
> back from the dead, but we may be able to send a few of them to
> political hell.

I heard over NPR yesterday morning that Arlan Specter, Senator from
Pennsylvania, has already called for a Congressional investigation.
The problem is that Specter was one of the key government attorneys several
years ago who did what he could to coverup facts in the assassinations
of JFK and others.  That is to say, the Chief Fox wants to check out
the hen house.  Writing your representatives is a great idea.  When
you do ask that they keep Specter and his cronies far away from 
any investigation.
> 
> Would someone please post the generic addresses for Congress and 
> Senate so that we can all write letters?
-- 
 *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 Joe Gaut                    |   In the super-state, it really does not
 <f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu> |   matter at all what actually happened.
 Red-neck and proud of it.   |   Truth is what the government chooses to 
                             |   tell you.  Justice is what it wants to happen.
					Jim Garrison, New Orleans, La.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54864
From: johnt@meaddata.com (John Townsend)
Subject: Re: Clinton wants National ID card, aka USSR-style "Internal Passport"

In article <66767@mimsy.umd.edu>, tms@cs.umd.edu (Tom Swiss (not Swift, not Suiss, Swiss!)) writes:
|> johnston@cyberia.win.net (Robert Johnston) writes:
|> >>
|> >>How 'bout we embed the `card` in the forhead of everyones skull ? 
|> >>Can't lose it without being already dead (ergo, no need for treatment).
|> >>
|> >Close, at birth we implant a smart chip just behind the ear under the skin but
|> >above the skull.  We incase it in a hypo-allergenic high carbon content
|> >glass.  This chip would be reprogrammed as we age with the pertinent
|> >medical, correctional, taxational data.  Behave yourself or we'll 
|> >input it into your permenant record.
|> 
|>      You forgot the part about encasing it in a small shaped charge so that
|> if anyone tries to tamper with it, it explodes and kills you.
|> 
|>      Oh, and the shaped charge can be set off by remote control...but only
|> if you get out of line. Properly patriotic citizens have nothing to fear.

At Algor's insistance, the shaped charge will automatically detonate after
thirty years, a la "Logan's Run," in order to maintain population control.

--
// John Townsend                 Reduce,           Reuse Engineering & Modeling
// Mead Data Central             Reuse,                ...!uunet!meaddata!johnt
// 9595 Springboro Pike          Recycle...                  johnt@meaddata.com
// Miamisburg, OH  45342            software!                    (513) 865-7250 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54865
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1


In article <feustelC5tw49.7p5@netcom.com> feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:
>I predict that the outcome of the study of what went wrong with the
>Federal Assault in Waco will result in future assaults of that type
>being conducted as full-scale military operations with explicit
>shoot-to-kill directives.

And done in SECRET ... :-)

Did anybody notice it is the TREASURY DEPT (The FBI and BATF, in other words)
that Clinton wants to do the investigation?  In other words, investigating
themselves?

He sure didn't seem very enthusiastic about Congress doing the investigation,
I notice:  "... well, they can do what they want..."  (Probably insert
a pout here...)

Does anybody smell the attempt for a WHITEWASH?  Betcha the Justice
Dept investigation will, AT MOST say "Possible Poor Judjement.  Too bad..."

Grrr.

>-- 
>Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>
>
>I'm beginning to look forward to reaching the %100 allocation of taxes
>to pay for the interest on the national debt. At that point the
>federal government will be will go out of business for lack of funds.


-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54866
From: v111qheg@ubvmsb.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION)
Subject: Civil Rights Violations


I'm putting together a list of the civil rights violations perpetrated against
the Davidians by the FBI/BATF. Here is what I've got so far. Care to add
any or provide more backup info?

First Amendment:
1) FBI/BATF violated Davidians right to free exercise of religion from the 
	start. We now have a de facto precident against any minority religion.
2) FBI/BATF violated BD right to free speach by:
	a> preventing them to speak to media
	b> preventing them from practicing their beliefs
3) FBI/BATF violated the freedom of the press by:
	a> keeping them 2 miles from the Davidians
	b> preventing the media to cover the FBI/BATF actions close-up
	c> censoring media reports
4) FBI/BATF violated the BD's right to peaceable assemble
	a> proven by initial baseless assault

Second Amendment:
1) The BATF went after them because they had too many guns and guns that the
	FBI/BATF didn't approve of. 'Nuff Said.

Fourth Amendment:
1) The right of the BD's to be "secure in their persons, houses, papers, and
   effects against unreasonable searches and seizures" was violated by:
	a> Initial baseless assault

Fifth Amendment:
1) The Davidians were "held to answer for a capital or otherwise infamous
   crime" without a "presentment or indictment by a Grand Jury."
2) The Davidians were "deprived of life, liberty, and property without due 
   process of law.

Sixth Amendment:
1) The accused were denied the right to "a speedy and public trial by an
   impartial jury" when the FBI became judge, jury and executioner.
2) The BD's were never informed of the specific "nature anad cause of the
   accusation."

Eighth Amendment:
1) The Davidians suffered cruel and unusual punishment when:
	a> The FBI cut off the water to the ranch
	b> The FBI used Psy-War (loudspeakers broacasting the screams of
	   dying rabbits and Tibetian Chants)
	c> The FBI prevented family members from contacting their family
	   inside the ranch.
	d> The FBI used tear-gas against them (especially the children)
	e> The FBI burned the ranch down.
	f> Thoes who escaped were imprisoned without bail without a hearing.

Anything I miss?

--PV

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54868
From: f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

In article <1993Apr23.143857.5484@oneb.almanac.bc.ca>, kmcvay@oneb.almanac.bc.ca (Ken Mcvay) writes:

	[...deleted...]
> 
> Hear, hear! I'd also like to see the autopsy reports confirm news reports
> that multiple victims were found shot (in the head), and in positions
> inconsistent with fire victims. It is simply too early to draw conclusions
> either way about this nasty incident, but I tend to believe the government
> side.                                     ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> ^^^^
> -- 

At least you're consistent.  I'm sure the highly propagandized Germans
tended to believe their government's version too in the thirties and
forties as those "different" highly demonized Jewish "cultists" met
their fate.  Always trust your government.

> The Old Frog's Almanac - A Salute to That Old Frog Hisse'f, Ryugen Fisher 
>      (604) 245-3205 (v32) (604) 245-4366 (2400x4) SCO XENIX 2.3.2 GT 
>   Ladysmith, British Columbia, CANADA. Serving Central Vancouver Island  
> with public access UseNet and Internet Mail - home to the Holocaust Almanac

-- 
 *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 Joe Gaut                    |   In the super-state, it really does not
 <f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu> |   matter at all what actually happened.
     Remember the Alamo      |   Truth is what the government chooses to 
       Remember Waco         |   tell you.  Justice is what it wants to happen.
                                        --Jim Garrison, New Orleans, La.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54869
From: f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1ra073INNcgu@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:
> 
> I tend to agree, but I would like a better explanation of why the FBI stopped  
> the firetrucks at the gate.  I saw this in realtime.  It concerns me that the  
> FBI "appeared" to not be too interested in stopping the fire after it started,  
> and actually started flying hueys around the compound, which had to add in some  
> small part to the winds driving the fire.
> 
> Jim
> --
I understand fire trucks had been at the site for several weeks but were
sent home three or four days before the assault.  Can anyone confirm this?

-- 
 *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 Joe Gaut                    |   In the super-state, it really does not
 <f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu> |   matter at all what actually happened.
     Remember the Alamo      |   Truth is what the government chooses to 
       Remember Waco         |   tell you.  Justice is what it wants to happen.
                                        --Jim Garrison, New Orleans, La.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54870
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr21.053035.29591@mcs.kent.edu>, mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu (The Lawnmowerman) writes:

> > Oh, then, I guess that shooting THOSE kind of babies is all right.
> > You sick bastard.

> Why thanks for your reply to my post.  By the way, I never, never ever said 
> that it was right to shoot "THOSE kind" of babies.  

Let's go to the videotape.  Here's exactly what you posted:

> > THIS IS MURDER!
> > ATF MURDERERS!  BUTCHERS!!

> Flame on!!
> Is this guy serious????
> If he would ever really pay attention to the news (oops I forgot that the media
>    for the most part loves to jump right on top of a story before all the facts 
>    are known, as well as to manipulate what we see and thus what we believe). 
>    Any ways one of Koresh's DEVOTED followers that DID I REPEAT DID survive this
>    "GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE".  Besides there are nine 
>    survivors in the burn-unit of the local hospital and was reported that David
> -> was in one of the towers when the shit hit the fan.  Besides, a majority of 
> -> these children were children that he was supposed to have been the father of,
> -> this then makes them bastard children to a sacraligious zeloit (sp).  Also
>    someone should have told David and his followers that if they can't the heat
>    then they should stay out of the kitchen!! (pun intended)

So if you weren't saying that the deaths of "bastard children of a sacreligious
zealot" was no big thing (and I know I am not the only one who read it that
way), just what the hell WERE you saying?

> However it was the Branch
> Davidian people in there that insisted on staying there with their "savior" 
> (yeah right budy boy) because he had brain-washed them into believing that 
> what ever he says is the truth, even if means that they are to give up their
> lives for <<<<HIS>>>> cause.  Therefore it is Davids fault and not the ATF's
> who gave them 50 to 51 days to get out, this was 50 days to many for me and
> for many of the rest of the U.S. 

So who brainwashed YOU into believing that whatever the government says it
the truth?  Or that Koresh was any actual threat to you and the rest of the 
US?  Haven't you ever stopped to wonder WHY the government raided this farm?
This raid was NOT ABOUT RELIGION, SEX, OR CHILD ABUSE.  To the best available
evidence at the moment, this raid, psychological torture, and group death was 
about Koresh's failure to PAY A $200 TAX on ONE grenade launcher that he may 
or may not even have had!  That's why it was the BATF doing the raiding in the
first place.

Do you think a $200 tax evasion justifies an armed assault by the government
with 100 armed men in trailers, orchestrated character assassination, noise
torture, and a holocaust?

> I am however sad to hear of the death of any 
> child unlike the sick bastard I supposedly am.

Then think before you post.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54871
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

In article <1993Apr21.021301.25113@r-node.hub.org>, ndallen@r-node.hub.org (Nigel Allen) writes:
> Here is a press release from the White House.

>      Number one, that there was a limit to how long the
> federal authorities could maintain with their limited resources the
> quality and intensity of coverage by experts there.  

Lucky they brought the situation to a prompt resolution before they had to 
turn things over to the amateurs.

> They might be needed in other parts of the country.

God help us all.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54872
From: fiddler@concertina.Eng.Sun.COM (steve hix)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

In article <1993Apr21.045548.17418@news.cs.brandeis.edu> st922957@pip.cc.brandeis.edu writes:
>
>Y'know, when the right to bear arms was "invented", 

It wasn't "invented", but was supposed by the writers of the Constitution
to be a universal, pre-existing right. Howsomever...

>all we had to worry about was the shotgun and pistol. 

Hmmm.  You need to spend some time in a library, son.

When the Bill of Rights was written, in addition to the (muzzleloading)
shotgun and pistol you mention we had:

 - rifles in calibers ranging from around .30 to .69 caliber and up.
 - cannon with various different projectiles to choose from (and owned
   by civilians).
 - breech-loading rifles

In addition, semiautomatic and full-automatic firearms had been patented
and/or demonstrated by several people in various places during the preceding
century or so.

>Now, we have to worry about drive-bys
>with Uzis sparaying the entire neighborhood with bullets.

Sounds good.  Any refererences to this actually happening, or is it
just exaggeration for effect following one or more incidents of someone
firing a handful of shots from something that may or may not be an
Uzi, semi- or full-auto?

>Just because someting was good once, does not mean it will be forever.

Until the root conditions that justified it go away (criminal behavior,
either private or government, which should be defended against), there's
no reason it should go away.

-- 
-------------------------------------------------------
| Some things are too important not to give away      |
| to everybody else and have none left for yourself.  |
|------------------------ Dieter the car salesman-----|

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54873
From: fiddler@concertina.Eng.Sun.COM (steve hix)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <CMM.0.90.2.735386976.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no> Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
>
>I don't remember the figures EXACTLY, but there were about 3500 deaths in Texas
>in 1991 that was caused by guns.....

That includes suicides.  Since it has been shown in other countries that
suicide rates are pretty much independent of the means available for
doing oneself in (studies include some done/published in Japan, Canada,
Austria, Norway), suicides ought not be included in the count.

If this is done, the number of vehicle-related deaths greatly exceeds that
of firearms-related deaths in Texas.

>*I* should not suffer because of others....

Certainly not.

>We all agree on this one, BUT we also live in a sociaty and therefor
>we'll have to give up *SOME* of our 'freedom' (Note the '').

Why?  Unless it's doing something that directly hurts someone else, what's
the point?  (Otherwise, you'd better stop operating all motor vehicles, since
the price of operating them *greatly* exceeds the cost in lives of firearms.

>One state (don't remember which, Texas??) tried to impose a rule that you could
>only buy ONE gun each MONTH. Think you all know what happened.....

WEll, it's been done at least twice.  South (North?) Carolina did it a few
years back...and watched its crime rate relative to the rest of the country
rise quite a bit.

Virginia just passed the law...no word yet on what the results will be, but
I'd be willing ot bet that a reduction in crime rates won't be one of them.

>I respect the right to defend yourself, but that right should not inflict on
>other people.

Self-defense doesn't "inflict" on other people (except perhaps the criminal
who's tried to do you damage, and maybe indirectly on future potential victims
who might not become victims).



-- 
-------------------------------------------------------
| Some things are too important not to give away      |
| to everybody else and have none left for yourself.  |
|------------------------ Dieter the car salesman-----|

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54874
From: chuan@stein.u.washington.edu (Chuan "infamous" Lee)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tKI1.C8s@rice.edu> fontenot@ravl.rice.edu (Dwayne Jacques Fontenot) writes:
>Too bad nothing will happen to her or him. The FBI and the media have
>done their job well.

Just want to make a comment on this.  If you live in this country long
enough, you should realize the media is no friend of the govt.  I am
only concerned about fact that the media like to jump to conclusion
before the facts.  But I am sure they are good in digging dirt as
well; afterall, they like the controversial events, which of course
make news.

--Chuan.
*=========================================================================*
| Chuan "infamous" Lee                Email: chuan@stein.u.washington.edu |
| U of Washington, Seattle.                                               |
*=========================================================================*

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54875
From: f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu
Subject: Re: Waco aflame





		ABOLISH CULTS!

			START WITH THE F.B.I.


			

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54876
From: mccall@mksol.dseg.ti.com (fred j mccall 575-3539)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

In <1993Apr21.160642.12470@ringer.cs.utsa.edu> whughes@lonestar.utsa.edu (William W. Hughes) writes:

>In article <feustelC5tw49.7p5@netcom.com> feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:
>>I predict that the outcome of the study of what went wrong with the
>>Federal Assault in Waco will result in future assaults of that type
>>being conducted as full-scale military operations with explicit
>>shoot-to-kill directives.

>You mean they aren't already? Could have fooled me.

Only because you are apparently easy to fool.  In other words, your
remark is obviously from someone who wouldn't know the difference.

-- 
"Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live
 in the real world."   -- Mary Shafer, NASA Ames Dryden
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fred.McCall@dseg.ti.com - I don't speak for others and they don't speak for me.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54877
From: rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy)
Subject: ATF, Not enought to do

The best reason to abolishing the ATF is that they don't have enough
to do.  If the organization were disbanded and its duties assigned to
the FBI (firearms) and IRS (tobacco and alcohol).  Both of these
organizations have enough to do.  The FBI is probably not going to try
to get a criminal charge of illegal machine gun for having a broken
gun.
 
There have been postings stating that law enforcement should be
divided and and weak.  But there is nothing more dangerous to
liberties than a law enforcement agency without enough criminals to
chase.  The ATF is one and look at the trouble it started in
Waco.
 

--
Rod Anderson  N0NZO         | "I do not think the United States government
Boulder, CO                 | is responsible for the fact that a bunch of
rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu      | fanatics decided to kill themselves"
satellite  N0NZO on ao-16   |        Slick Willie the Compassionate

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54878
From: cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

On 21 Apr 93 05:06:08 GMT, Tim Smith (tzs@stein.u.washington.edu) wrote:
> feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:
> >We have NO evidence that BATF & FBI would not have started shooting
> >when and if people had started coming out of the burning building.

> Oh?  How about the press?  If the BATF & FBI were going to shoot people
> leaving a burning building, don't you think they would get rid of the
> press first?

Oh, you mean something like moving the press back to a single
location, 2 miles away from the "compound"?  The press was allowing
into foxholes in Vietnam, but it's "too dangerous" to allow them near
the Branch Davidians?...  There's something skewed about the logic here. 

--
Charles Scripter   *   cescript@phy.mtu.edu
Dept of Physics, Michigan Tech, Houghton, MI 49931
-------------------------------------------------------------
"...when all government... in little as in great things, shall be
drawn to Washington as the centre of all power, it will render
powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will
become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we
separated."   Thomas Jefferson, 1821

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54879
From: peten@iat.holonet.net (Pete Norton)
Subject: Re: Feds Caught in Another Lie

-- 
Pete Norton
peten@well.sf.ca.us
peten@holonet.net    
norton@hou.amoco.com          

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54880
From: pmgt1425@altair.selu.edu
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <93112.153005MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU>, <MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU> writes:
> From A.P. :  According to numerous accounts by those in the compound,
> the fire was started by an armoured vehicle crushing a large propane
> tank, and turning over numerous gas lanterns.
> 
> Medical Examiners have found no bullet wounds, as was stated by the
> FBI, on the corpses.
> 
> I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem willing to accept
> the governments story, despite much evidence to the contrary.  But then
> again, that is how Mr. Clinton was elected, by people who believe that
> his campaign promisses would be respected by him once he got into office.
> If people will believe that of any politican, it is little wonder they
> will believe all of the factoids being given out as fact by the
> Clinton/Reno/FBI/BATF confederation.

CNN reported tonight that some bodies were found with bullet holes in their
heads.  However, I have no information on the possible causes.

This is not to say that Government stories are to be taken at the face value in
this case, but to jump to conclusion at this stage may be the source of
embarrassment in the future.  Let's be paranoic, this may be a ploy to smoke
out the opposition and decredit them.  :-)

Comparison of this incidence to Tienanmen Square is made in soc.culture.china. 
Just in case you need more ammunition to shoot at each other.  :-)

No matter which side you are on this Waco issue, are you ready to die defending
your cause?

Peace be with you.

Pete

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54882
From: spl@pitstop.ucsd.edu (Steve Lamont)
Subject: Re: A Message for you Mr. President: How do you know what happened?

In article <C5t14M.Ku2@acsu.buffalo.edu> v111qheg@ubvmsb.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION) writes:
>	Well, this is still the land of the free for the time being. Individuals
>are supposed be able to do what they please unless it infringes upon the rights
>of someone else. Owning FULLY automatic machine guns is also permitted by
>law if you have a CLASS III FEDERAL FIREARMS LICENSE and have paid the transfer
>tax. If you are refering to the .50 cal the feds claim the BD to have had, 
>I have used .50 cal for 3000 yard target shooting. It a legitimate and 
>challenging sport. 

I'm getting tired of these wimpy Liberals whining about gun control,
too!  Ya know, the Second Amendment says

	A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a
	free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms,
	shall not be infringed.

Now, notice, it says *arms*.  Not guns.  Arms.

The Comsymp ZOG wants you to think that it is the only legitimate
possessor of nuclear weapons.  Unconstitutional!  You and I have just
as much right to a kilogram or two of nice weapons grade plutonium as
any cruddy little pointy headed liberal Los Alamos pinkos.

Support your right to keep and bear short range nuclear weapons.  It's
a legitimate and challenging sport.

And screw the limit.

							spl
-- 
Steve Lamont, SciViGuy -- (619) 534-7968 -- spl@szechuan.ucsd.edu
San Diego Microscopy and Imaging Resource/UC San Diego/La Jolla, CA 92093-0608
"My other car is a car, too."
                 - Bumper strip seen on I-805

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54883
From: loki@acca.nmsu.edu (Entropic Destroyer)
Subject: Denver Post yanks 'Assault Ads'


The Denver Post (supposed voice of the supposed Rocky Mountain Empire)
ran the following in the 'Firearms, Supplies' classified heading on 
Friday, 23 April 1993.  If you have an opinion about their new found
wisdom, I am told that the person to speak with is one Mr. Walters,
(303)820-1267.

	Notice

	The Denver Post will no longer 
	knowingly accept any advertise-
	ment to buy or sell assault weap-
	ons.  The Denver Post finds that 
	the use of assault weapons poses
	a threat to the health, safety, and
	security of its readers.

Let 'em know what you think...

--Dan
--
Spooksmoke: Revolution, Assasination, Thorium, Cobalt-60, Clintin, CIA, NSA, SHC
  DoD #202 / loki@acca.nmsu.edu / liberty or death / taylordf@ucsu.colorado.edu 
                 Send me something even YOU can't read...
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.2

mQCNAitfksQAAAEEAKceEjWI9f5KMJyKP0LOgC5dGHRpbMY2xhOo8kpEHMDyuf8a
1BfDQSj53kosTz6HRoshSDzLVuL1/40vPjmMNtFR+vyZ4jvd3rL4iuq2umMmex3M
itf3uLt8Xn/v/QAbsvhcFSHVJVK4Lf6wosuCMO03m2TiX31AI7VB0Uzo4yXjAAUX
tCREYW5pZWwgRiBUYXlsb3IgPExva2lAYWNjYS5ubXN1LmVkdT4=
=S5ib
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54884
From: mcgoy@unicorn.acs.ttu.edu (David McGaughey)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

After seeing William Sessions on television, explaining the great lengths
to which the FBI went to determine the suicidal tendancies of David Koresh, 
I got the very unpleasent feeling that Koresh had manipulated the FBI's 
perceptions much the way he manipulated his own followers.

Maybe I was manipulated by the news story.

David McGaughey
Texas Tech University

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54885
From: gt5311b@prism.gatech.EDU (BHATTACHARYA,ABHIJIT)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r4ef7$408@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:

>Do you think a $200 tax evasion justifies an armed assault by the government
>with 100 armed men in trailers, orchestrated character assassination, noise
>torture, and a holocaust?

I doubt if Koresh had let the BATF have a look inside his place as they 
intended to do, "orchestrated character assassination, noise torture, and
a holocaust" would never have come to pass.

The BD's killed members of the BATF on the first day. "Orchestrated character
assassination and noise torture" seem like a small retribution.  The use
of tanks is quesionable however.



--Abhijit
-- 
BHATTACHARYA,ABHIJIT
Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta Georgia, 30332
uucp:	  ...!{decvax,hplabs,ncar,purdue,rutgers}!gatech!prism!gt5311b
Internet: gt5311b@prism.gatech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54886
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??

In article <CMM.0.90.2.735383339.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no>, Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:

> I'm NOT trying to censor this or any newsgroup, I'm just trying to
> give some hints about OTHER newsgroups.
> Doesn't this belong to alt.conspiracy ??

Drop three billiard balls on a ramp, and they all roll in the same
direction.  Pour some blood into the sea, and sharks will converge
from miles around.  Throw a pebble at one starling, and all 200 will
depart.

Natural processes can mimic the outward results of conspiracy when no
actual conspiracy is required.

Put a government functionary in an embarrassing situation, and he
quickly covers his ass.

This, too, is completely natural.

> About Waco
> It looks to me as the BATF and FBI can't handle situations like this.

It looks that way to me, too.  But you have to understand that it's NOT 
the first time they have instigated raids like these.  The most recent
one ALSO ended up in a long standoff, but it wasn't quite as public
as this one, and they didn't kill quite as many people.  Maybe this 
screwup will make them think long and hard about raiding any more 
residences in this manner.  But probably not.

> The way it went reminds me of 'stun' bomb beeing dropped on a house
> in LA from a helicopter. (Whole block went up in flames, 5 died...)

I assume you're talking about Philadelphia.

> It doesn't HAVE to be a conspiracy, MAYBE they just screwed up ???

If you're a fan of conspiracies, the time to make that batch of
popcorn is AFTER the screwup, when it's time for the coverup.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54887
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: news says BATF indictment/warrant unsealed...

In article <1993Apr21.051417.23137@husc3.harvard.edu>, kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim) writes:

> Other News:
> Sniper injures 9 outside MCA buildling in L.A.  Man arrested--suspect
> was disgruntled employee of Universal Studios, which
> is a division of M.C.A.

Shooting those .44 cal. blanks, I suspect.  Them movie guys is dangerous.

> QUESTION:
> What will Californians do with all those guns after the Reginald
> denny trial?

Practice with them, I hope.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54888
From: strnlght@netcom.com (David Sternlight)
Subject: Re: text of White House announcement and Q&As on clipper chip encryption


For those who didn't figure it out, the below message was a reply to another
in sci.crypt, for which the poster put t.p.g. in the Followup-To line. I
didn't notice that. Apologies to those who were confused.

The substance makes little sense unless one reads the prior messages.

However, I don't wish to enter into this discussion here, as it will be yet
another rehearsal of a long-tired set of arguments. Suffice it to say that I
disagree both with the interpretation of "well-regulated" in the Second
Amendment offered by gun lovers, and what I think to be their distortion of
the same phrase in the associated Federalist papers. My Webster and my
reading of the language convinces me that the word meant both under control,
and disciplined, and not 'of good marksmanship'. I think the latter a
special interest pleading. No one has yet shown a contemporateous reference
in which "well regulated" unambiguously meant 'of good marksmanship', and
not under control/disciplined, etc.

Thus I continue to believe the Second Amendment is a militia clause and not
an 'arming everyone' clause. Others are welcome to disagree (as I know many
do) and little would be served by rehashing this topic in this particular
forum.

To avoid flames, or unproductive rehashings, I note that I've come in here
to post this one message, just to clarify the one below. I'm now outta here
again though I'm available via e-mail.

David

In article <strnlghtC5tr6D.n3n@netcom.com> strnlght@netcom.com (David
Sternlight) writes:

>
>Though I agree this is not the place to discuss guns, I note in passing that
>a number of gun apologists seem to have ignored the words "well regulated"
>in their distorted interpretations of the Second Amendment.
>
>David
>-- 
>David Sternlight         Great care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of
>                         our information, errors and omissions excepted.  
>
>


-- 
David Sternlight         Great care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of
                         our information, errors and omissions excepted.  



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54889
From: tedwards@eng.umd.edu (Thomas Grant Edwards)
Subject: Need info on Waco, Machineguns

A really sad op-ed appeared in my school's newpaper today.  It
claimed that full-auto weapons are illegal in the U.S.
I understand that full-auto weapons made and registered before
May 19, 1986 are still legal in 40 of the 50 states.  Is
Texas one of those states?

Can anyone point me to a source for info on how many people have been 
killed by legal full-auto weapons in the U.S.?

And finally, I think it would be great if anyone was keeping a digest
of facts on the Waco incident.  In particular, I would like a source
for the FBI/BATF mentioning the supposed methamphetamine lab, and
information on the beginning of the raid, specifically BATF
lies.

I am also interested in past BATF no-knock warrents which have lead
to personal and property damage against innocent citizens.

I intend to put together a reply to this op-ed very soon.  The author
of the piece states he wants to work for the BATF.  gack!  

-Thomas


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54890
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r3j2k$da2@menudo.uh.edu>, HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.) writes:
> > :> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day
> > :> in Texas. 

> > :Do YOU eat all your food cold?
> 
>   Minor quibble:  The assualt (and it was one) began near dawn.  The fire did
> not break out for several hours.  I find it highly unlikely that the BD would
> be cooking lunch while armored vehicles punch holes in their house and are
> pumping in tear gas. 

Look, I don't want to bore everybody here with the physics of woodstoves,
but they're not anything like your Caloric gas range.  It takes about
three hours for a woodstove to get hot enough to cook on, and afterwards 
you can't just "shut it off" -- it will contain hot embers for over 24 
hours even after you choke it COMPLETELY.

So it ain't exactly "light up the stove and cook me a batch of them 
pancakes, Aunt J..."  If you use a woodstove for cooking, or even for
heating your house at night, you will have it lit to SOME extent all 
the time.  Trust me on this one, I speak from experience.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54891
From: meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers)
Subject: Re: HR 1276 ("A gun law I can live with!" :-)

In article <1993Apr15.171601.25930@dg-rtp.dg.com>, meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers) [me! :-] writes:
>                                     A BILL 
>   
> To establish the right to obtain firearms for security, and
>     to use firearms in defense of self, family, or home, and
>     to provide for the enforcement of such right.

... in response to which ...

In article <1qkeo9$drg@eagle.natinst.com> chrisb@natinst.com (Chris Bartz) writes:
[ ... ]
>So, you have the right unless the Federal Government says you don't.
>I don't think I like this very much.

... and ...

In article <1qkshq$l39@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
writes:
[ ... ]
>Maybe I'm too "religious," but when I see a bill to "establish a right,"
>I wince.  Keep in mind, what the law giveth, the law can taketh away.

... and ...

In article <1ql3aiINN41c@gap.caltech.edu> arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clement
s) writes:
[ ... ]
>right mentioned in the bill is already established under the Second
>Amendment; the bill should be reworded to reaffirm the Second Amendment


Hey, guys.  You're absolutely correct, and well on the way to winning
this battle ... and losing the war.  Yes, there are serious philosophical
flaws in HR 1276.  Technical ones, too -- how'd you like to sue the Feds,
lose, and have to pay _their_ "reasonable Attorney's fee" ... ?    :-)

Still, I have one basic question:  compared to what we've _got_ is HR 1276
(a) better, or (b) worse?  This one shouldn't even take you three guesses.

If there's a good enough show of support for HR 1276, maybe for a change
_we_ could be the ones saying "it's a reasonable first step" ...
--------
The 2nd Amendment is about sovereignty, not duck hunting

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54892
From: allanl@microsoft.com (Allan Lockridge)
Subject: Re: CNN for sale

Count me in for $1000.00.  

Allan Lockridge

My Opinions are my own and are not for sale.
-- 
Allan Lockridge -- Allanl

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54893
From: gardner@convex.com (Steve Gardner)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r3j2k$da2@menudo.uh.edu> HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.) writes:
>  Minor quibble:  The assualt (and it was one) began near dawn.  The fire did
>not break out for several hours.  
	Minor quibble back at you.  I am in the same general area as
	the Koresh compound and I can tell you that the air was quite
	chilly that morning, especially with the high winds that
	were blowing. (Of course the swiss cheese walls made it
	even worse. ;-)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54894
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Cost/Benefit Analysis (was FBI Director's Statement...)

In article <93111.094609MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU>, <MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU> writes:
> Has anyone noticed or commented on the fact that so many of those who
> were willing, nay demanding, that we wait forever for Mr Hussein and
> Iraq, that we use tremendously costly "sanctions", to avoid a loss
> of life, are now at the fore front of those clammoring that we should
> have smashed those "religious radicals" and we were wasting money allowing
> this stand off to go on  ? 

No.  I see many of the same groups protesting both.  I also know people
who feel exactly the opposite (i.e., treat citizens better than Saddam).

> How the worm turns when the sect changes.

Hey!  Sect changes are still illegal in Texas!
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54895
From: bb063@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Christopher J. Crobaugh)
Subject: Re: Janet Reno on Nightline


It's worse than you show it.....look for Janet REno and others to
link the words "child abuse" and "p[rivate stores of guns" from
now on out.
-- 
bb063@Cleveland.Freenet.Edu  Chris Crobaugh - (216) 327-6655 (V)
"Those who would sacrifice essential liberties for a little 
temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." B. Franklin

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54896
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...


In article <1r1die$4t@transfer.stratus.com>, cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>In article <1993Apr20.050550.4660@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca>, j979@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca (FULLER  M) writes:
>
>> Yet, the FBI mouthpiece at this afternoon's press conference characterized
>> the quantity of CS gas pumped into the building as "massive", and speculated
>> that after a few hours of exposure any Davidian gas masks would become
>> useless.
>> 
>> Does this sound "not harmful" to you?
>
>Hm.  A previous poster argued that the fact that the BD's did not rush to
>escape the burning building indicated that it was they, and not any of the
>government actions, that started the fire.  On the other hand, I wonder if,
>with a face full of "massive amounts of CS," *I* would be able to escape
>a burning tinder-box like that ranch house assuming my best efforts.

Imagine, you have been under seige for almost two months by an enemy which you
believe wants to kill you.  Suddenly, they pump tear gas into your building and
punch holes in it with tanks.  Then a fire breaks out.  Do you run outside to
be slaughtered, or stay and face your fate.

Check Ethiopia vs. Italy in WWII for some answers to that question.
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54897
From: eck@panix.com (Mark Eckenwiler)
Subject: Re: Waco fire

In <C601ED.CD6@cpqhou.se.hou.compaq.com>, thomasr@cpqhou.se.hou.compaq.com sez:
>
>The Houston Chronicle last Thursday (maybe Wednesday) said that
>the interior of walls had been covered with hay bales to help
>protect against bullets.  Many of you know how fast dry hay
>burns.

This is all terribly interesting, but it doesn't belong in misc.legal.
Take it elsewhere, please.

-- 
        Have you hugged your common nucleus of operative fact today?

	   Mark Eckenwiler    eck@panix.com    ...!cmcl2!panix!eck

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54898
From: turmoil@halcyon.com (Tim Crowley)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

cathyf@is.rice.edu (Catherine Anne Foulston) writes:

>Could y'all PLEASE stop posting this stuff to tx.general.  tx.politics
>is sufficient and is where this stuff belongs.  Thanks.

>	Cathy
>-- 
>Cathy Foulston + Rice University + Network & Systems Support + cathyf@rice.edu

WHY??????????




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54899
From: fred@sma2.rain.com (Fred Brooks)
Subject: Two found shot inside compound.

Today the Texas ME found two people, a man and a woman shot in the head
inside the burned compound. But these were not the people that the FBI
described a few days before. The FBI said that the person found in front of
the compound had been shot and several children were also. The two people
found today were on top of the main inside concrete bunker that provided
the most protection during the fire. So the comment that children were
shot is still not proved.

-- 
Defend your 2nd amendment rights. 
NRA ACLU VFW
Fred Brooks   			        Portland Oregon

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54900
From: jagst18+@pitt.edu (Josh A Grossman)
Subject: More on stupid media

I just heard on CNN that the Texas Rangers found an M60 machine gun
in the BD compound Rubble.  The newscaster called this a new hi-tech
military weapon!  HA HA!!  I would bet that it is that Rock Armory
M60 semi-auto, or that it was leagally owned and the tax was paid.

What year was the M60 patented?

Just showing you how the media is twisting the facts,
Josh


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54903
From: 0005111312@mcimail.com (Peter Nesbitt)
Subject: Who do I write to now?

Okay.  I have my copies of all relevant gun-control bills.  I'm mad as hell.
I want to get involved.  I want to join the battle to protect our Second
Amendment Rights.

Who do I write?

Who should I concentrate on writing my comments to?  The actual author of the
bill?  The supporters of the bill?  My Congressman?  My Senator?  Newspapers?
Magazines?  All of the above?

I don't believe that I will change the world, but at least I am going to throw
a few punches.  Can any of you offer any advice or suggestions to me as I now
begin to get involved here?

Thanks for replying directly to me via e-mail.

pnesbitt@mcimail.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54904
From: turmoil@halcyon.com (Tim Crowley)
Subject: Re: Waco fire

eck@panix.com (Mark Eckenwiler) writes:

>In <C601ED.CD6@cpqhou.se.hou.compaq.com>, thomasr@cpqhou.se.hou.compaq.com sez:
>>
>>The Houston Chronicle last Thursday (maybe Wednesday) said that
>>the interior of walls had been covered with hay bales to help
>>protect against bullets.  Many of you know how fast dry hay
>>burns.

>This is all terribly interesting, but it doesn't belong in misc.legal.
>Take it elsewhere, please.


But of course it does.   It's certainly a legal matter.  If it's not a
legal matter that interest *you* you may simply put it in your kill
file. 

Seeeeee Ya  turmoil@halcyon.com   FUCK THE POLICE!!!!



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54905
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <CMM.0.90.2.735413309.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no>, Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:

> I`m NOT saying you should ban guns, OR that you should take them away
> from responsible owners.

But this is all gun control laws end up doing.  Politicians can never
manage to get a handle on those who obtain arms illegally, so all their
laws can ever do is further restrict people who obtain them legally.

Karen McNutt, a local attorney, states that there are about two MILLION
licensed gun owners in Massachusetts.  In the past year, the number of
licensed gun owners involved in gun crimes was something like SIX.
Yet, there were a large number of gun crimes in the state last year.

Does passing laws that will further restricting only those people ALREADY
obeying laws pay any dividents?

> All I`m saing is that guns should be treated with respect from owners, sellers
> AND legislators. 

So far, I've seen them treated with the least respect by legislators.

> I believe guns are a problem in many countries and that crime rates
> WOULD fell if they were more restricted.

See, this is what I call the "argument from religion:" "I believe."  Don't
believe -- it's not NECESSARY to take this on faith.  Go look at the history
of countries that passed gun restrictions.  Pay particular attention to
whether or not violent crime was HIGHER before the restrictions and LOWER
after.  (Don't look at "violent gun crimes," that's begging the question.)
You may be very surprised.

> If ALL crimes done with guns stopped AND all accidents also stopped or
> was reduced to a minimum THEN I would consider lifting all gun control.

You have this absolutely backwards.  If crime stopped in the presence of
strict gun control, there is NO WAY I would consider lifting any of it.
However, if gun control made absolutely NO IMPROVEMENT in the violent 
crime rate, THAT'S when I would have it lifted.  Think about it.

So far, none of the stats show any improvement...

> Likevise if car-accidents fell to a minimum in europe, I (and probably
> most people I know) would demand easier drivers-tests.
> (ca. 20 hours and more than 2500$ today....)

Do you really think driver's tests are any indication of your propensity
for having accidents?  

I've never known anybody stupid enough to take a driving test while 
drunk; after having been up all night; with two fighting kids in the 
back seat; with a hot cup of coffee on their lap; or while putting on 
makeup, reading the newspaper, or talking on their cellular phone.  
But that's what they're doing when they have those accidents.

> In other words -We should have legislation because it`s neccacery !!

How can anything that has no positive effect at all ever be "necessary?"

> The one gun/month case in Virginia:
> I was thinking about the reactions on the proposal...
> Loud screeming about civil rights and 2. amendment.

And it didn't help, any of it.

> Winnie the Poh:
> Do you want peace or weapons Winnie?
> -Yes please!

I'm sorry, I don't remember any story where Winnie the Pooh was
offered weapons.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54906
From: bbowen@megatest.com (Bruce Bowen)
Subject: Re: text of White House announcement and Q&As on clipper chip encryption

From article <strnlghtC5tr6D.n3n@netcom.com>, by strnlght@netcom.com (David Sternlight):
> 
> Though I agree this is not the place to discuss guns, I note in passing that
> a number of gun apologists seem to have ignored the words "well regulated"
> in their distorted interpretations of the Second Amendment.


"Well Regulated", at the time of its writing and in the context of the Second Amendment,
means "Properly trained and equipped."

It modern language it would read:

	A properly trained and equipped militia, being necessary to the security of
	a free state <note the word "free", it doesn't say "police"), the right of
	the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.

-Bruce

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54907
Subject: Re: Waco headlines and editorial in Boston Globe
From: steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu (Jason 'Think!' Steiner)

John Kim (kim39@scws8.harvard.edu) writes:

> Boston Globe, Wednesday April 21 1993
..
> LIttle in the way of rationality could be expected from Koresh, a 
> self-confessed "sinner without equal."

funny, if Koresh did say that, he was quoting St. Paul. of course, 
the early Christians were persecuted too. if Koresh is a loony 
because he quotes the Bible, how long is it before mainstream 
Christians become the target of the FBI's loving care and attention?

jason

--
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`
`,`                "Get off the cross. We need the wood."               `,`
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,` steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu `,`,`,`

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54908
From: an030@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Broward Horne)
Subject: Re: A Message for you Mr. President: How do you know what happened?


In a previous article, spl@pitstop.ucsd.edu (Steve Lamont) says:

>In article <C5t14M.Ku2@acsu.buffalo.edu> v111qheg@ubvmsb.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION) writes:
>
>Now, notice, it says *arms*.  Not guns.  Arms.
>
>The Comsymp ZOG wants you to think that it is the only legitimate
>possessor of nuclear weapons.  Unconstitutional!  You and I have just
>as much right to a kilogram or two of nice weapons grade plutonium as
>any cruddy little pointy headed liberal Los Alamos pinkos.
>
>Support your right to keep and bear short range nuclear weapons.  It's
>a legitimate and challenging sport.

     Good. Another liberal converted by Waco!  If Dave had had something
     realistic, there would have been none of this "Bradley" vehicle
     crap.

        Somebody in talk.politics.guns was offering free NRA
        memberships.  Hurry up.




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54909
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

In article <1993Apr21.091130.17788@ousrvr.oulu.fi>, dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas) writes:
> In article <viking.735378520@ponderous.cc.iastate.edu> viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson) writes:

> >I'll give
> >you a little hint:  see that manure pile in the farmer's field down the
> >road?  In the USA, that is a weapon of mass destruction, 

> Nope.  It is not considered a weapon.

Ironic, since it's pretty much what was used to blow up the World Trade
Center...
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54910
From: v111qheg@ubvmsb.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION)
Subject: Re: WACO burning

In article <C5v15A.7oo@dscomsa.desy.de>, hallam@zeus02.desy.de writes...
[... snip ...]

>|>>Has anyone in U.S. heard anything similar or are U.S. government
>|>>spin-doctors censoring such information?
>|>>
>|>>The B.B.C. news is also reporting that about 20 of those that died
>|>>were british citizens.
> 
>The B.B.C. are also reporting that bodies of B-D members were found
>with bullet wounds in a manner that suggests they may have been shot
>attempting to leave the compound during the fire.
> 
>There is a possibility that these are the bodies of people killed during
>the initial shootout.
> 
>Phill Hallam-Baker

Can you imagine what happens when a magazine explodes? Bullets go flying every
where. IMHO, these "gunshot wounds" were actually caused when the magazines 
went up. A Texas ranger does not a pathologist make, so I'll wait for an
autopsy to determine if they were shot first. 

Either way, they're all dead and the FBI & Atty. Gen. Vampria are still
responable.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54911
From: larry@peak.psl.nmsu.edu (Evil Engineer doin' it the Cowboy Way)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

>>>>> On 21 Apr 93 11:28:57 -0800, yodicet@gtewd.mtv.gtegsc.com said:

> Ah yes, I see a few liberal weenies have come out of the woodwork
> to defend the burning of the children. Probably drooled all over themselves
> while watching the TV coverage.
> 
> Probably had a few like that in Nazi Germany, as well.
> 
> Oh yeah, ATF/FBI now claims, according the the media, that there are
> a few survivors. The number seems to vary minute by minute.
> 
> 
> 
yodicet>
yodicet>
yodicet>

Hmm. You don't say..

L.
"Yeh, Buddy..            | larry@psl.nmsu.edu (Larry Cunningham)|  _~~_
 I've got your COMPUTER! | % Physical Science Laboratory        | (O)(-)
 Right HERE!!"           | New Mexico State University          |  /..\ 
 (computer THIS!)        | Las Cruces, New Mexico, USA 88003    |   <> 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Disclaimer: Opinions expressed here are CORRECT, mine, and not PSLs or NMSUs..
Oh sure, we could do it the _easy_ way. But it just wouldn't be the COWBOY WAY.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54912
From: sparker@tuba.calpoly.edu (Sean Lawrence Parker)
Subject: NRA commercial


Just saw a new commercial(?) by the NRA. It starts out with a 
bunch of politicians talking about how to get rid of crime.
They finally realize that they need to put criminals away
longer but there isn't enough jail space so they decide on another gun
law.( During this whole seen there quoteing various statistics on how
easy criminals get off ) 
In the next seen the politician is announceing on tv how this gun law 
will get rid of crime and there is this grungy looking guy (criminal)
watching him on tv just laughing his ass off.
Classic.

Sean


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54913
From: djh4484@rigel.tamu.edu (HARTY, DANIEL JOSEPH)
Subject: Re: What to do if you shoot somebody

In article <93108.025818U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>, Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes...
>I have heard many opinions on this subject and would like to hear more from
>the people on the net.
> 
>Say you're in a situation where you have to pull a gun on somebody.  You
>give them a chance to get away but they decided to continue in their
>action anyway and you end up shooting and killing them.  My question is
>what do you do?  Should you stay and wait for the cops or should you
>collect your brass (if you're using a semi-auto) and get out of there
>(provided of course you don't think that you have been seen)?  What kind
>of laws are on the books regarding this type of situation?  What would
>be the most likely thing to happen to you if you stayed and waited and
>it was a first offense?  What would happen if you took off but someone
>saw you and you were caught?
> 
>Anyone?
> 
> 
>Jason - u28037@uicvm.cc.uic.edu


If in said situation. I would, reviewing other cases I've seen reported
on in the articles I've read etc.., suggest the safest legal course of action
is as follows. Warn your assailant loudly and in clear tones that you have a 
weapon(Yes!Even though it's blatantly obvious now that you have it out!)
and that you will shoot him if he advances/does not cease whatever hostile 
action he is currently involved in.( ie: Drop the knife or I'll shoot!)
Repeat this process three times,if you can!(not if he's pointing a freaking
gun at you himself!That's kinda impractical.) (There are variables here and
I will try to address them in turn) After said warning (considering it's
 ignored) Aim center mass and fire until he drops! This is not sadism, it's
practicality.If he hasn't gone down he's still a threat!(Why I support .45)
IF HE TURNS AND RUNS DO NOT PURSUE OR FIRE AT HIS BACK! SHOT'S FIRED IN ANGER
WILL BURN YOU LATER! (Though in some cases the I can see where that might not
bother me all that much!) If you do drop him! REMAIN WHERE YOU ARE! Have a
Bystander or witness(Or Create one by yelling at the top of your lungs!)
call the police, and wait! Reholster your weapon VISIBLY! Or place it on 
the ground nearby. Do not attempt to recollect your brass.The police will
use it's location to piece together the scene along with your testimony and
that of any witnesses. Mentally mark witnesses! If the police say that none
came forward let them know who you saw! Attempt to keep your weapon loaded
with the minimum required(how the hell can I phrase this?) Try to avoid special
purpose ammunition. Hollow points and Hydrashock rounds give the opposing
lawyer the type of loaded phrasing he will need to sawy the jury that you
fully intended to kill someone! The only special purpose rounds that I can
think of that would actually help your case (as it has in several) is the
Glaser Safety Slug (oh what a lovely name SAFETY SLUG) The stated purpose
and stated design parameters of the round are life savers in court.
(ie. Attempting to create a bullet which will not overpenetrate, not 
ricochette, and which is designed to STOP (Not Kill (Gee, to bad the two often
cross, damn I'm real sorry that rapist is dead! NOT!) an assailant with
one shot. This, again, can be a real life saver in a hostile court.
Be as cooperative with the police as possible! Show them where you were.
Repeat your information as often as requested. They will often ask you the
same questions over and over to verify facts, and ,unfortunately, to see
if your lying. Fill out all statements and show all required identification
and weapon permits (BOOO! Down with registered citizens!Register your
 politicians as deadly tax weapons needing to be confiscated!) If they are
required in your state. Contact a lawyer immediately if they decide to
hold you or that further questioning is needed. If you cannot afford one,
contact the NRA. They have a legal assistance fund.(Or at least they used to)
I DO HOPE YOUR A MEMBER! (Not my business either way though..) If I was
vague on anything, or I left some questions unanswered, you can E-MAIL
me or post here. (Preferebly E-MAIL. I don't have a load of time to review
the news)
								Kane

******************************************************************************
*A truely representative government need never fear it's armed citizens!     *
*Disband the BATF!                             Bankrupt Ted Turner and HCI!  *
*I will give up my gun when they pry it out of my cold,dead hand!            *
*DEATH TO TYRANTS!                       [THIS SPACE FOR RENT!]              *
*                                                                            *
*                                        Kane DJH4484@RIGEL.TAMU.EDU         *
******************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54914
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Larry King Interview with Koresh's Lawyer

from alt.law-enforcement

In article <1993Apr20.212245.3186@msus1.msus.edu>, hayden@krypton.mankato.msus.edu (Robert A. Hayden) writes:
> I only caught about the last 15 minutes of this show (I hope to see it
> when it repeats later), but did manage to catch the summary.

> According to Koresh's lawyer and some other guy (who I am not sure who he
> is), The Davidians _DID_NOT_ start the fire and apparently made several
> attempts at escaping but were blocked by smoke, fire, and FBI tanks.

> He states this after interviews with thoses 9 Davidians that escaped. 
> They indicated that their was no suicide pact and that the fire was set by
> the FBI (I got that impression, not sure about that).

> Something about this whole mess just doesn't smell right.  It didn't Feb.
> 28th and is doesn't now.

> -- 
> [> Robert Hayden                   ____   <]  Black Holes result from God 
> [>                                 \  /__ <]  dividing the universe by zero. 
> [> hayden@krypton.mankato.msus.edu  \/  / <]  
> [> aq650@slc4.INS.CWRU.Edu            \/  <]  # include std_disclaimer.h

-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54915
From: <U23590@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: Change of name ??

Post all you want, foreigner.  We'd rather hear from you
than those "I'll support the fascist who writes the
hecks for my salary" .edu site types!

Should you expect the Police to come in and
assault you, lay siege and refuse to help when they
(yes, let's give them the benefit of the doubt)
accidently burn down your ranch home?  Even though
ey have emergency vehicles nearby?

Is this a proper response when you just keep to yourself?
Even if you DON'T hurt anyone?  And you
're cooperative with cops when you occasionally come out?

I hope not.
-watkins@earth.eecs.uic.edu
.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54916
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <94102@hydra.gatech.EDU> gt5311b@prism.gatech.EDU  
(BHATTACHARYA,ABHIJIT) writes:
> In article <1r4ef7$408@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D.  
Tavares) writes:
> 
> >Do you think a $200 tax evasion justifies an armed assault by the government
> >with 100 armed men in trailers, orchestrated character assassination, noise
> >torture, and a holocaust?
> 
> I doubt if Koresh had let the BATF have a look inside his place as they 
> intended to do, "orchestrated character assassination, noise torture, and
> a holocaust" would never have come to pass.
> 
> The BD's killed members of the BATF on the first day. "Orchestrated character
> assassination and noise torture" seem like a small retribution.  

Does the phrase "Innocent until proven guilty" have ANY meaning anymore?

> The use
> of tanks is quesionable however.
> 
> 
> 
> --Abhijit
> -- 
> BHATTACHARYA,ABHIJIT
> Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta Georgia, 30332
> uucp:	  ...!{decvax,hplabs,ncar,purdue,rutgers}!gatech!prism!gt5311b
> Internet: gt5311b@prism.gatech.edu

--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54917
From: jpsb@NeoSoft.com (Jim Shirreffs)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

speaking of the sick bastard, i noticed he attends Kent State University.
 
i guess we have come full circle here. Someone from Kent favoring excessive
force by the govenment to subdue polically incorrect thinking.

jim shirreffs
i speak for myself and only myself

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54918
From: jpsb@NeoSoft.com (Jim Shirreffs)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!


| Do you think a $200 tax evasion justifies an armed assault by the government
| with 100 armed men in trailers, orchestrated character assassination, noise
| torture, and a holocaust?

Shit, i'm going to be a lot more carefull filling by income tax!   

jim shirreffs

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54919
From: jpsb@NeoSoft.com (Jim Shirreffs)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

Let's discuss Reno's taking full responciblity. Is everyone happy with the 
outcome? Did the FBI pursue the correct course of action? was justice done?
If Reno really meant what she said she would resign! She is just grand
standing, period. What did those people do wrong in the first place? that is
what i can't figure out. sure they were crazy, no dought about it, but what did 
they do wrong? someone please help me out on this.

jim shirreffs
i speak for myself and only myself


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54920
From: jpsb@NeoSoft.com (Jim Shirreffs)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

|>      If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
|> burning building?
|> 
|> James Dusek
 
James, it could be that they were determined to stay together in the compound
no matter what happened. Perhaps the fire was accidental, and the DB simply
refused to leave the compod. Perhap they died fighting the fire? who knows.
we will have to wait and see. i persaonlly find it hard to believe that they 
would all agree to burn themselves up! what a horrible way to go.

jim shirreffs

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54921
From: info@ccsvax.sfasu.edu (SFASU Anonymous account)
Subject: WACO: suicide?

Those of us who questioned the mass suicide line may still have 
wondered, "If it wasn't suicide, why did so few get out?"  The 
answer is now available - the gas the government had been pouring
in on them is so disabling that its use in wartime is banned by the
chemical weapons treaty.

The U.S. had agreed not to use this gas against enemy soldiers in
wartime, but used it in peacetime against civilians, including 
nnocent children.

For confirmation see Friday's CLINTON:AM press briefing by George
Stephanopoulous, posted in alt.news-media and other locations.
(When questioned about it, his reply was that the treaty did
not forbid its internal use by law enforcement agencies.
  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This posting from Stephen F. Austin State University's ANONYMOUS account.

Please report abuses to newsmgr@ccsvax.sfasu.edu
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54943
From: stevef@bug.UUCP (Steven R Fordyce)
Subject: Re: Andy:  how do we stop people with a gun?

In article <1993Apr7.141930.29582@freenet.carleton.ca>
ac002@Freenet.carleton.ca (Nikolaus Maack) writes:
>Come on.   A gun kills people.  

Rather, people kill people with guns.  The sad truth is: sometimes that is
good, or at least, better than the alternative.

>But let's ignore guns for defence and/or crime and look at gun accidents.

Ok.  There are about 1400 fatal firearm accidents per year [1], and the
number has been in decline since early this century [2].  Most of these
accidents involve rifles or shot guns, not handguns.

...
>But seriously: a gun is designed to fire a bullet.   This is not so you
>can shoot cardboard cut outs down at the range.

In fact there are both guns and bullets designed specifically for that. 
The idea that my Ruger Mark II Bull Barrel (a semi-auto 0.22 caliber
handgun) was designed to kill or hurt people, even for self defense,
would, I'm sure, come as a surprise to its designer.  It certainly isn't
why I have it.  It certainly would hurt someone if you shot them with it,
and might even kill them, but it is simply wrong to say it was designed to
kill people.

>This is not designed to act as a tool for home  defence where you show
>someone  that you have a gun and they go "Gee, perhaps I should leave".

In fact, that is what happens most of the time.  Most self defensive uses
of firearms don't involve firing any shots.  Most criminals would prefer
not to be shot, and will go to some effort not to be, including doing what
you say when you point a gun at them.

If you were called on to design a tool, that could be easily carried, to
immediately stop someone attacking you, what would it be?  A handgun is
about the best anyone has come up with and experience shows it does work
the best.[3]

>No, you see the gun was designed to fire that little bullet into a human
>body and hurt them.  Not a tough concept to swallow, for most.

Certainly, no one argues that handguns (of the type we are discussing)
aren't deadly weapons.  However, it simply isn't true to say that all of
them were designed to kill people.  Moreover, what exactly is wrong with
having deadly weapons?  There are times when it is perfectly legitimate to
use deadly force, e.g. in self defense.  I consider it not just my right,
but my duty to defend myself and my family, and that includes having and
knowing how to use the tools to do that.

"The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear
arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in
government."
	- T. Jefferson.

I think what Jefferson said is still true.

>And the trouble with having such an item is often the little bullet goes
>off into the wrong fleshy target.

Not very often compared to other use.[3]

>Or else Uncle Frank gets pissed and blows  away his wife.

This isn't that common either, at least when compared to other uses.  It is
very rare that a non-violent person will suddenly "get-pissed" and kill
someone, gun or not.  In most cases, the people who murder have long
histories of violence.  If you have good reason to believe that these
people wouldn't kill if they didn't have a gun, feel free to present it.

>Having a thing  specificly designed to kill means it is much easier to
>kill things.  Right?

Right, but there are times when killing things is called for.  I hope I
never have to shoot a person, but I've had to kill a number of animals from
rodents to cows, and when I do, I don't want them to suffer any more than
is necessary.  I prefer they die instantly, but failing that, I want them
to drop so I can quickly finish them with the next shot, and failing that,
I don't want them to go fast or far.  I try to choose the best weapon and
ammunition I have to try to achieve that goal for the size of animal I'm
after, but it doesn't always work as I plan.  Without belaboring the point,
people who are overly impressed with the killing or shopping power of guns,
particularly handguns, haven't used them much for that purpose.


[1] Accidental deaths in 1988:
	48700 deaths by auto
	11300 deaths by fall
	 5300 deaths by drowning
	 4800 deaths by fire
	 4400 deaths by poison
	 3200 deaths by food
	 1400 deaths by firearm

     Source: Statistics Department, National Safety Council.
     "Accidents Facts 1988 Edition". National Safety Council.
    444 N. Michigan Avenue, Chicago IL  606111  (800) 621-7619


[2] RKBA.002 - Declining trend of accidental deaths by firearms
           Version 1.1 (last changed on 90/04/23 at 22:28:19)

DESCRIPTION
===========
The accidental deaths by firearm per capita has been declining steadily 
for almost sixty years. In 1932, the accidental deaths by firearm per 
1,000,000 people was 24.03. In 1987, it was 5.74. The decline has been 
steady, consistent, and a fairly straight line when plotted. At the rate 
of the last sixty years, it will reach zero sometime around 2025 AD.

CONCLUSION
==========
Firearms have been a declining factor in accidental deaths for over 
sixty years, despite rising per-capita gun ownership.



[1] = Year.
[2] = Population.
[3] = Accidental deaths.
[4] = Accidental deaths per 1,000,000.


[1]   [2]          [3]    [4]       [1]   [2]          [3]    [4]   
1932  124,840,000  3,000  24.03     1961  183,691,000  2,204  12.00
1933  125,579,000  3,014  24.00     1962  186,538,000  2,092  11.21     
1934  126,374,000  3,033  24.00     1963  189,242,000  2,263  11.96     
1935  127,250,000  2,799  22.00     1964  191,889,000  2,275  11.86     
1936  128,053,000  2,817  22.00     1965  194,303,000  2,344  12.06     
1937  128,825,000  2,576  20.00     1966  196,560,000  2,558  13.01     
1938  129,825,000  2,726  21.00     1967  198,712,000  2,896  14.57     
1939  130,880,000  2,618  20.00     1968  200,706,000  2,394  11.93     
1940  132,122,000  2,375  17.98     1969  202,677,000  2,309  11.39     
1941  133,402,000  2,396  17.96     1970  204,879,000  2,406  11.74     
1942  134,860,000  2,678  19.86     1971  207,661,000  2,360  11.36     
1943  136,739,000  2,282  16.69     1972  209,896,000  2,442  11.63    
1944  138,397,000  2,392  17.28     1973  211,909,000  2,618  12.35    
1945  139,928,000  2,385  17.04     1974  213,854,000  2,613  12.22    
1946  141,389,000  2,801  19.81     1975  215,854,000  2,380  11.03    
1947  144,126,000  2,439  16.92     1976  218,035,000  2,059   9.44    
1948  146,631,000  2,191  14.94     1977  220,239,000  1,982   9.00    
1949  149,188,000  2,330  15.62     1978  222,585,000  1,806   8.11    
1950  151,684,000  2,174  14.33     1979  225,055,000  2,004   8.90
1951  154,287,000  2,247  14.56     1980  227,757,000  1,955   8.58    
1952  156,954,000  2,210  14.08     1981  230,138,000  1,871   8.13
1953  159,565,000  2,277  14.27     1982  232,520,000  1,756   7.55    
1954  162,391,000  2,271  13.98     1983  234,799,000  1,695   7.22    
1955  165,275,000  2,120  12.83     1984  237,001,000  1,668   7.04    
1956  168,221,000  2,202  13.09     1985  239,279,000  1,649   6.89    
1957  171,274,000  2,369  13.83     1986  241,613,000  1,600   6.62    
1958  174,141,000  2,172  12.47     1987  243,915,000  1,400   5.74    
1959  177,073,000  2,258  12.75           
1960  180,671,000  2,334  12.92

Sources: 
U.S. Bureau of the Census, Historical Statistics of the United States, 
Colonial Times to 1970, Bicentennial Edition, Part 2, Washington, DC, 1975.

U.S. Bureau of the Census, Statistical Abstract of the United States: 
1982-83. (103th edition.) Washington, DC, 1982 [sic]..

U.S. Bureau of the Census, Statistical Abstract of the United States: 
1989 (109th edition.)  Washington, DC, 1989.


[3] Kleck, Gary.  "Guns and Self-Defense: Crime Control through the Use of
Force in the Private Sector."  __Social Problems__ 35(1988):4, pp. 7-9.
-- 
orstcs!opac!bug!stevef          I am the NRA              Steven R. Fordyce
uunet!sequent!ether!stevef         . . .       The only fair tax is no tax!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54944
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Statement to everyone on t.p.g

Ok, here goes.  Yes folks, I realize I have stuck my foot in my mouth
quite a few times already so please let me make some clarifications.  My
inaccurate information in my posts was due to lack of knowledge.  Thanks
to you kind (and some not so kind) people I am learning.   Some people
have given me several good points to ponder and I see how I was wrong.
In no way was this inaccurate information supposed to be trying to
further the anti-gun cause.  I have said several times before (but
nobody seemed to be listening) that I am pro-gun and anti-gun-control.

As far as the race can of worms that I have opened up I have only one
thing to say - I am in no way prejudiced.  Some of the things I have
stated were said to demonstrate that I am not prejudiced and/or a racist
but I have been accused of being too aware of race and prejudiced.  I will not
say anymore about that subject because no matter what I say it will be the
wrong thing.

Boy, what a start to being on a new group.  Oh well, things have been
worse in my life.

I hope this clears things up but I guess that will remain to be seen.

By for now,

Jason

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54947
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Re: Waco fire

dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung) writes:

>Of course, true or no, this is a clever attempt to make them seem harmless
>folk minding their own business.

Nice touch - using the word *seem*.
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

The U.S. Government has become a garrotte around the necks of its
citizens.  Just as with a garrotte, the more people struggle to breathe
the air of freedom, the more the government tightens its stranglehold. The
only possible outcomes at this point are the death of government or the
elimination of personal freedom.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54948
From: v111qheg@ubvmsd.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION)
Subject: Re: WACO burning

In article <1r4r01INN4v6@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes...
>In article <C5uyG1.7q9@acsu.buffalo.edu> v111qheg@ubvmsb.cc.buffalo.edu  
>(P.VASILION) writes:
>> In article <C5v15A.7oo@dscomsa.desy.de>, hallam@zeus02.desy.de writes...
>> [... snip ...]
>> 
>> >|>>Has anyone in U.S. heard anything similar or are U.S. government
>> >|>>spin-doctors censoring such information?
>> >|>>
>> >|>>The B.B.C. news is also reporting that about 20 of those that died
>> >|>>were british citizens.
>> > 
>> >The B.B.C. are also reporting that bodies of B-D members were found
>> >with bullet wounds in a manner that suggests they may have been shot
>> >attempting to leave the compound during the fire.
>> > 
>> >There is a possibility that these are the bodies of people killed during
>> >the initial shootout.
>> > 
>> >Phill Hallam-Baker
>> 
>> Can you imagine what happens when a magazine explodes? Bullets go flying  
>every
>> where. IMHO, these "gunshot wounds" were actually caused when the magazines 
>> went up. A Texas ranger does not a pathologist make, so I'll wait for an
>> autopsy to determine if they were shot first. 
>> 
> 
>I would doubt bullets would go flying.  There is no particular force to make  
>the bullet leave the scene of a cartridge going off outside of a barrel.  The  
>brass shell would burst too soon to give the bullet any real velocity.  I  
>wouldn't want to be near it, but I do not think bullet wounds would result.   
>Shrapnel wounds would be more likely
> 
>At least this is my understanding.

Not necessarily. If the body had been denatured (cooked) or dehydrated due
to the heat, a projectile needs only a minimal kinetic force to penetrate.
In fire aftermaths, bodies tend to fall apart or loose large chunks of
meat with little effort. Medical Examiners tend not to like cleaning up
such scenes. 

As such, if the body had been suitably cooked, a bullet comming from a
magazine explosion would more than likely have enough force to enter and
thus it would be difficult to determine whether a bullet entered at the
time of death, or much later, unless you were trained to look for the
evidence. Texas Rangers are not pathologists. 


> 
>> Either way, they're all dead and the FBI & Atty. Gen. Vampria are still
>> responsable.
> 
>Yep, at least in large part.
> 
>jmd@handheld.com

P.Vasilion

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54949
From: cathy@LANCE.ColoState.Edu (Cathy Smith)
Subject: THE LIES OF TEXAS -- L. Neil Smith

Posted for L. Neil Smith by Cathy Smith


                         THE LIES OF TEXAS

Okay, what have we learned?

For reasons still being kept secret, a federal agency already known 
-- well enough to be examined and rebuked by several legislative 
committees over the years -- for a longstanding, violent disregard
of the law, invades the home of a man whose religious beliefs and 
personal habits they abominate, violating his rights under the 
First, Second, Fourth, Fifth, Ninth, and Fourteenth Amendments to 
the Constitution. 

The man and his followers fight back, killing four of the outlaw 
agency's minions, wounding many more, and suffering their own 
losses in the process. The agency responds by cutting off his 
electricity, water, and especially his contact with the outside 
world. They are then free to say anything at all about him -- in 
pronouncements that contradict one another daily as the agency 
finds itself locked in a bitter power struggle with another outfit 
eager to gain credit for "straightening out the mess" -- and, more 
importantly, to script his side of the subsequent "negotiations" 
any way they please. 

The impasse lasts almost two months, ironically, at the same time 
four L.A. cops are being given a second trial for brutalizing a 
single individual, sparking one of the ugliest riots in history. 
Armored vehicles surround the house, already ringed with snipers 
using scoped, high-powered rifles. Loudspeakers playing obnoxious 
records at the highest possible volume, and searchlights, deprive 
those in the house of sleep (in the aftermath, nobody in authority 
will mention the effect this technique, originated by North Korean 
Communists as a battle tactic, may have had on their judgment). 

Finally -- another irony -- on the 50th anniversary of the rising 
of the Warsaw Ghetto, some of the armor punches holes in the house 
and gas of some kind is injected. The house bursts into flame and 
is reduced to ashes in less than an hour. At least 80 lives, 
including those of more than a dozen children, are snuffed out. 

Spokesmen for the outlaw agencies, the Attorney General, and the 
President all hold press conferences to articulate a common theme: 
blame the victim. 

He had illegal weapons -- as soon as they can be prepared in a 
secret government workshop and planted among the cinders being 
"examined" by the agency that created them. He was abusing children 
-- the tapes will be stored with the data on the JFK assassination. 
He set the fire -- our snipers saw him doing it. Film at 11 -- in 
3000 A.D. He shot his followers who tried to escape -- or was that 
Jim Jones? Best of all, he's dead -- he can't say a damn thing to 
embarrass us, any more than when his contact with the world was 
severed at the start of the whole travesty. 

A leading national paper claims 93% of the American people believe 
that a man who resisted a savage attack on his home is somehow 
responsible for everything that resulted. But when did you ever 
know 93% of Americans to agree on anything -- doesn't this sound 
more like the outcome of a Soviet election than an opinion poll? 

Very well, what can we infer from the above? For starters, never 
forget that, although Democratic careers are on the line (and 
rightfully so) over this fiasco, by the outlaw agency's admission, 
it was planned and rehearsed by a Republican administration. Which 
may explain why Paul Harvey, who evidently used up all his courage 
and integrity changing his mind (at about the same time I did) 
about the war in Viet Nam -- has been acting as little more than a 
mouthpiece for a state that has no regard for the Bill of Rights. 

More importantly, when Rush Limbaugh, who's been a quivering tower 
of Jello during the whole thing, takes essentially the same stance 
as Bill Clinton, it's time for fundamental changes, if not in the 
system, then at least within yourself. 

On March 5, back at the beginning, Mary Gingell, national chair of 
the Libertarian Party, issued a press release condemning the outlaw 
agency and calling for its abolition. In fact, the LP has promised 
in its platform since 1977, for at least 16 years, to abolish both 
agencies involved in Waco. I'm proud to say I was there and helped 
to write that plank. 

True, the LP is tiny and insignificant (although less so than in 
1977 -- ask the Democrats in Georgia if you doubt it). But, alone 
in a howling wilderness of fascists scrambling now to cover their 
behinds with phony polls and Big Lies, the LP is right about what 
happened in Waco. And if their advice had been followed in 1977, 
Waco never would have happened. 

Think about it. And think about the fact that, if you've had enough 
of political parties more interested in collecting and holding 
power -- at whatever cost to the Bill of Rights, let alone human 
life -- than in defending and expanding individual liberty, maybe 
the change it's time for within yourself is to make the LP less 
tiny and insignificant by a single voice and a single vote.

Think about it.

L. Neil Smith
Author: THE PROBABILITY BROACH, THE CRYSTAL EMPIRE, HENRY MARTYN, 
and (forthcoming) PALLAS
Editor: LEVER ACTION BBS (303) 493-6674, FIDOnet: 1:306/31.4
Libertarian Second Amendment Caucus
NRA Life Member

My opinions are, of course, my own.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54950
From: cathy@LANCE.ColoState.Edu (Cathy Smith)
Subject: NO SURRENDER -- Lenda Jackson

NO SURRENDER!
Delivered by Lenda Jackson at the RKBA Rally in Denver, April 18, 1993

It is a fact of modern life that urban residents, particularly women, feel
threatened. A certain number of them actually are threatened. There are
immediate threats, the things that women will tell you they're afraid
of. The noise downstairs at night. The lonely walk to the car. The
stranger at the door. The abusive husband, finally kicked out of the
house as he threatens to hurt her and their children. The burglar... The
mugger...the rapist. 

And what are we told is the solution? Move. Get a dog. Keep the door
locked. Call the police. as a next-to-last resort, learn martial arts. and
always, there's the implied question "what's a pretty little thing like
you doing without a husband around to protect you?

But what if you don't like dogs? Like living alone? Don't have 10
years to devote learning judo?

What if, after examining the facts, a woman learns that "rape victims
using armed resistance were less likely to have the rape completed -
and were less likely to be injured(Kleck,124) than those using any
other form of resistance (Kleck,126) (also true for
robbery/assault)(Kleck,123) 

What if, to our horror and despair, we find that citizens cannot depend
on the police for effective protection - they usually respond after a
crime has been committed. In truth, the Supreme Court has held that
the police are not responsible for protecting any individual, only the
whole community.

As a society, are we going to ask women, once again, to sacrifice
themselves? Are we going to continue to deny women the ability to
help themselves?

Here's a thought. Neil Smith, in his book The Probability Broach, says
"no 220 pound thug can threaten the well being or dignity of a 110-
pound woman who has two pounds of iron to even things out." But if
a woman decides to protect herself, with the easiest, most efficient
means possible, people - especially other women - are horrified.
"Eughh, how could you? I'd be terrified!" they ask. How could you
hurt someone? They'll repeat the lie: it'll just get taken away from
you. In truth, 1% of "defensive gun uses" result in the offender taking
the gun away from the victim.(122,Kleck)

Well, despite the lies, and the social pressure, some of us have already
made that hard choice. We've decided that we are not going to be
victimized by the muggers, burglars or rapists. We're buying more
guns than every before. We're learning how to use them - and teaching
others, women and men, how to use them. Most importantly, we are
preparing ourselves mentally to use our firearms for our own defense.
We're taking our own security, literally, into our own hands. We're
going to stop begging and pleading and marching and WHAT WE
INTEND IS TO REALLY TAKE BACK THE NIGHT.

But there's another threat, more insatiable than any mugger, more
secretive than any burglar, more soul-destroying than any rapist.

That menace is government, and it threatens us all. We know that
governments, throughout time, have suppressed rights and oppressed
people. It's the way they survive.

In our names and with our money, it interferes with innocent people
both at home and abroad. It lies to us, cheats us, steals from us and
threatens us with violence. No one knows exactly what it'll do next -
what freedom we will lose because some government goon decides
"it's for your own safety" or "we know best". Any person who acted
like government does would be psychoanalyzed within an inch of his
life and locked up as a habitual offender.

But this monster called government persists, and grows. And we, who
should be its masters, have become its unwilling slaves. Do you doubt
me? Then why did you file your income tax? 

Like any reasonable person, I believe that being afraid of something
that can hurt you is smart, and that paranoia isn't crazy if someone's
really after you. And make no mistake, they're after you and they're
after me. Their names are familiar: Brady and Reynolds, Groff,
Metzenbahm, Moynihan, and Clinton. If we're lucky, they'll settle for
our assault rifles, our shotguns, our handguns and our ammunition. 

As citizens, we have only two choices. They are the same two choices
given to women: to surrender or to fight. 

Surrender leads to the gulag, to the genocide of Pol Pot, to the
disappearances, to Dachau. I do not intend to surrender. 

A battle can be philosophical or political: in the main, the people keep
the government honest by threatening to vote it out of office. But if
they have to, they will keep in mind the words of Thomas Jefferson:
"the tree of liberty must be well watered with the blood of patriots."

As a patriot, I will point out the error in the government's ways. I will
do my best to vote the villains out of office. I will protest, and write,
and speak, and teach our children justice, honor and truth. And always
remember that Rebellion can lead to Bunker Hill and Saratoga......or it
can lead to Tiananmen Square. 

When the time comes to stand up, if I have to give my life to keep
them from going too far, if there is a Tiananmen Square in our future,
I intend to be there. And no matter what lies they tell and no matter
what laws they pass, I intend to meet them with something more
substantial in my hand than a brick. 

My opinions are, of course, my own.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54951
From: tomgift@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu (Tom Gift)
Subject: Re: the truth starts to come out

>Would someone please post the generic addresses for Congress and 
>Senate so that we can all write letters?

US House of Representatives
Washington, DC 20515

US Senate
Washington, DC 20510


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54952
From: kratz@cs.uiuc.edu (Jason Kratz)
Subject: Re: criminals & machineguns

In <1993Apr16.202441.16032@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU> andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:

>In article <93104.175256U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>>people are getting killed by gang violence every day?  Every single day I hear
>>about more people getting killed by gang violence and see some of the weapons
>>that are being confiscated.

>Is Kratz claiming that he can reliably visually distinguish an M-16
>from an AR-15?  That he can see the difference between a semi-auto and
>a full-auto UZI?  That he can see the difference between the various
>versions (some full-auto, some semi-auto only) of the M-11/9?

Well, let me see.  UZI, no.  M-11/9, no.  M-16/AR-15, maybe.  I remember there
being a selector swtich on the AR-15.  If I remember correctly (please correct
me if I'm wrong) the switch would set to an "off" position or an "on" position
because the gun (AR-15) is semi-automatic.  Wouldn't the M-16 have a position
for semi-auto fire and full-auto fire (or maybe 3 round bursts)?  If this is
correct wouldn't it be easy to distinguish each gun by this alone?  Of course
if the AR-15 were modified to full-auto fire I wouldn't think it would be that
easy but I'm talking about distinguishing between an unmodified AR-15 and M-16.
How about the other guns?  Do they also have selector switch to switch between
semi-auto and fully-auto fire?

>If so, I'd love to hear the details, if only because they'll demonstrate
>that Kratz is blowing smoke.

>Considering that one can design a gun so that it looks just like
>another gun, yet have very different properties, and that that's
>quite common....

>Most kids in my neighborhood were quite young when they figured out
>that my parents car wasn't much like Richard Petty's, even though it
>looked just like it (except for the paint job).  Things must have been
>different with Kratz.

Actually it was pretty hard for the kids in my neighborhood to figure that out
as Richard Petty lived in my neighborhood and left his stock car in the 
driveway. ;-)

>>Sure it's on TV but why does that make a difference?

>No, it doesn't, but that's irrelevant.  If visual inspection of the
>outside worked, TV would be acceptable, but since it doesn't, the fact
>that it's just as good as seeing in person doesn't mean much.

Well, what about what I said above?  If that is correct I guess TV would be
acceptable (if you had a good enough picture and a picture of the lower 
receiver of the AR-15/M-16).

>-andy gave Kratz a chance to back down on this in private
>--
Jason Kratz <- didn't take andy's offer to back down in private

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54953
From: irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <C5uHuo.Awq@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:
>In article <nate.1485.735408842@psygate.psych.indiana.edu> nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle) writes:
>>    Yeah, as information trickles in... funny how that works...
>
>Funny, yeah, funny how you didn't wait for the FBI spokesdroid 
>latest reversal of "facts" before proclaiming the BD's burned
>themselves to death.

If you won't believe anything the government says, and the press
is not reliable according to the same logic, then what do you base
your statements on?  Wild speculation laced with a healthy dose
of paranoia?

-- 
<><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
<>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
<><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54955
From: oaf@zurich.ai.mit.edu (Oded Feingold)
Subject: Dealing with cults - a few thoughts

In the wake of the Waco denouement, I had email discussions with
people from this group.  In particular, we discussed how cults
operate, why the FBI might be motivated to black out news or behave
the way it did, and what kinds of problems are involved in dealing
with cults and similar organizations.

I include an edited account of what I wrote.  The identity of my
correspondents have (I hope) been erased.  The editing process makes
the text choppy - sorry about that.  I've tried to retain the
information content.

Ellipses (...) indicate where text was removed.  A few of the comments
in parentheses are new, intended to make it easier for outsiders to
understand.

These notes are preliminary - feel free to criticize.

Cheers(?),
Oded

------------------------ (begin included text) -----------------------

I took a course called the MADNESS OF CROWDS, ...  The course included
cults and briefly mentioned/analyzed Jonestown.  (Did some external
reading too).

William Adorno ... edited a series of books on the psychology of
"evil" mass movements...  starting with THE AUTHORITARIAN PERSONALITY,
University of Chicago Press, 1948 ... an attempt to figure out what
would motivate people to support fascism or be the bad guys in WWII,
and by extension in other wars, in racial lynchings ...  I don't think
the books are perfect, and the study of psychopathology has advanced
..., but you can elicit Koresh types from even the first volume.  So I
think they're onto something.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
		How cult psychology works...
	[I'm an amateur.  Hope I'm not hopelessly naive.]

So long as Koresh could "own" his people, he made sure they didn't
believe there was any life out there for them, away from him.
Otherwise, he'd (Koresh) be nothing.  During the siege, ex-Davidians
recounted how he convinced the people in the compound they survived
only through his intercession with God to spare their worthless souls.
Absolutely classic brainwashing technique. ...  As long as they
believed him, they'd ignore BATF/FBI/Child Protective Services or even
the Red Cross asking them to come out.  After all, if they ever left
him, God would catapult them straight to Hell, and the combined forces
of the US gummint, with all the goodwill in the world (doubtful)
couldn't save them for a second.  If I believed it, I'd stay and die
too, like the folks in Jonestown.

For a prosaic analogy, replace a cult leader with an estranged wife
(or husband), and notice how many folks show up, kill the ex and then
themselves.  That's the consequence of shattered "cultism."  It really
does happen all the time.  [By the way, the treasured ideal in such
cases, without which life is meaningless, is the relationship, no
matter how abusive, rather than the individual's partner.]

...

----------------------------------------------------------------------
    [Why No News, Don't The Feds Owe The World An Explanation?]

I agree that official explanations are in order.  I can also see good
(?)  reasons for news blackouts.

>	The only fact available is that had the FBI not acted  
>	yesterday, those people would be alive today.

 ... that no matter what, those people would have died, because Koresh
made sure they believed they had no lives outside his influence.
Hence it would make little difference when or how the FBI acted.  He
held them hostage, as his trump against going to jail, but nothing
would really stop him from offing them.  Even if the FBI went away!

Look at history.  Rep Leo Ryan (and some staffers) visited Jonestown,
at the request of constituents who had relatives there.  Once
Jonestown was discovered, and even though they killed Ryan and his
entourage ... they all killed themselves, because Jim Jones knew he'd
be busted.  Internal arguments asking to spare the children, brought
up by some of the women in the cult, were shouted down.  There are
tapes...  The "logic" of saying that no matter how bad the gummint is, it
wouldn't kill the kids, was shouted down as blasphemy, and the people
who brought it up were threatened with ostracism by people who by
THEIR OWN AVOWAL would be dead within the hour.  I suspect it's the
same with the Branch Davidians.
(There's a book on Jonestown by James Reston Jr., titled OUR FATHER
WHO ART IN HELL.  I don't know whether it's good - never read it.)

...
The only way to prevent such a problem would be never to investigate
reports of child abuse or sexual mistreatment, or organizations buying
full-auto conversion kits or shipping hand grenades via UPS, on the
off chance of stumbling across cults that would kill themselves. ...

So, the only way the BATF/FBI could "save" those people, and future
cults, is by ignoring such signs.

I suppose there's another way - outsmarting Koresh and tricking him
into letting them go, or somehow influencing "his" people to abandon
him while he owns most of their means of communication with the world.
... a mighty tough row to hoe. ...  I suspect the FBI tried to do that
with blackouts, noise and other sensory insults.  However, maybe
they're not very sophisticated, or maybe the job is impossible.  It's
certainly possible the guy running the show was a jerk.

...
----------------------------------------------------------------------
	[Why the FBI might want to blackout during and coverup after]

    ... - if they were doing a poor job of weaning the BD's from
Koresh, they'd want to keep it quiet so they wouldn't be embarrassed.

    ... - if they were trying to wean the BD's from Koresh, they'd
want to keep it quiet so he couldn't outflank them, or well-meaning
boneheads from ANY point of view wouldn't screw it up. ...  I _hate_
playing chess when the world screams in my face, especially if at
checkmate time people really die, and I could be blamed.

...

I don't think ignoring such incidents is a workable policy, unless you
deny the FBI, BATF, Child Protective Services (of whatever stripe) and
the rest of the gummint should exist at all. 

		(the end)
----------------------------------------------------------------------

			  Okay, have at it.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54956
From: klm@gozer.mv.com (Kevin L. McBride)
Subject: Re: CNN for sale

croaker@highlite.uucp (Francis A. Ney) writes:


> I will add my voice to the (hopefully) growing multitudes.

> I hereby pledge $1000.00 towards the purchase of CNN, under the same conditions
> as already described.  I will also post this idea on the other nets I can 
> access (RIME and Libernet).

I'll go in for $1000 worth of CNN stock.  Is anyone from the NRA listening?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54957
From: lairdb@crash.cts.com (Laird P. Broadfield)
Subject: Re: CNN for sale; Influencing the coverage

In <1993Apr19.171602.27135@guinness.idbsu.edu> betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz) writes:
>In article <1993Apr19.153444.28112@ucsu.Colorado.EDU> fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary) writes:
>>I'd be willing to go in as well. By the way, we wouldn't need to
>>buy the network wholesale. Simply owning a large number of shares
>>would still work (if 5% of the shareholders want pro-gun coverage
>>and the rest don't really care, they'll go along just to keep 
>>the 5% happy...)

>I'd go along with this plan as well.  Turner's stock is traded
>on the American exchange and has 3 classes (A, B, and C).  A and
>B stock is currently about 23 bucks a share; C stock is about 11
>bucks a share.  Does anybody have any idea how much stock TBS
>has issued?  What would it take to reach 5%, 51%, or even 100%?

Um, I sortof hesitate to bring this up, but owning even a single share
entitles you to attend the annual shareholders meeting, and under most
corporate charters to introduce topics to be discussed.  While I *don't*
suggest the tactic used by some in Japan (go to the shareholders meeting,
and disrupt the bejeezus out of everything), what about a well-worded
resolution complaining about "advocacy journalism"?


-- 
Laird P. Broadfield     lairdb@crash.cts.com    ...{ucsd, nosc}!crash!lairdb
Hi!  I'm a shareware signature!  Send $5 if you use me, send $10 for manual!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54958
From: nomad@ecst.csuchico.edu (Michael Larish)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu> green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green) writes:
>What I would like to see is some serious discussion of this incident.  I
>believe the moves made were right and proper, but I still have some problems
>with some of the tactics.  After watching the ABC special on it tonight, as
>well as CNN and Nightline, I question some of the ATF and FBI actions.

	My god, a sane person!  Somebody asking intelligent questions rather
than spouting of unsubstantiated drivel and making comparisons to Nazi
Germany.  I question, along with others, the initial raid by the ATF.
There are some definite questions needing answers.

>1) Could it have been possible to have taken Koresh outside the compound at
>some time before the Feb. 28th raid?

	Probably.  Which is why there are so many people angry at the
initial confrontation.  Why attack a compound with as many people in that
compound who are willing to die for their leader?  Further, they attacked
in the daylight hours without proper backup, medical support, etc.  That
was rather stupid...

>2) Could a further wait have resulted in a different outcome.

	This I doubt.  While I question the ATF's initial raid, I believe
that the remainder of the standoff was handled fairly well with the single
exception of the psychological "warfare" by blaring music, etc.  I think
that was uncalled for and probably hindered the outcome.

>3) Were FBI actions (blaring loudspeakers, etc.) the "right" course of action?

	See above...

>And a few other questions.  Like I said, I believe the actions taken, in
>general, were proper.  But I still have some reservations.

	Agreed.

>One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
>"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
>had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.

	Which is actually rather refreshing nowadays.  Most of the time, the
higher-ups claim "I don't remember..." or "I had no involvement..."  :-)

-- 
Michael G. Larish       | Amateur Radio Callsign:  KD6CTZ
nomad@ecst.csuchico.edu | Golden Empire Amateur Radio Society (GEARS) - W6RHC
California State        | Chico State Amateur Radio Society (CSARS)
University, Chico       | Butte County Sheriff's Search & Rescue - #317

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54959
From: ebrandt@jarthur.claremont.edu (Eli Brandt)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5sou8.LnB@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>More than someone who would not release children from the compound.

I suppose it's too late now, but the repeated use of the word
"release" is peculiar.  Let's say you and your family are besieged
in your home by some people with tanks, helicopters, and automatic
weapons.  They give you a break from the amplified sounds of dying
rabbits to blare, "You in there!  Release the children, and they'll
be perfectly all right."  Stipulate on top of that that you may not
have your epistemology entirely in order.  Is it entirely surprising
that the Branch Davidians were reluctant to "release" their children
into FBI custody?

	 PGP 2 key by finger or e-mail
   Eli   ebrandt@jarthur.claremont.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 54960
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Photographers removed from compound

Relay of coverage seen:
----------------------
There was a press conference by authorities at the compound on CNN earlier 
today (Wednesday).  It was explained that two news photographers were found 
on the compound earlier this morning without permission.  It was explained 
to the press corps. that this is dangerous and that an unknown photographer 
turning around with a long lens camera could be mistaken for someone dangerous 
by a Texas Ranger surveying the site. (!)  

The two photographers were said to be currently in jail and 
the press were warned to follow the authorities' guidelines.  
It was also emphasized that the survey of the "crime" scene at this 
point was crucial and that the press could not be allowed to interfere.
The press will not be allowed in until the bodies are removed and the 
site has been completely surveyed for evidence for a court case.  

That is the gist of the beginning of the conference to the best of my 
memory.  I bring this up because I haven't seen anyone else note it 
and I haven't seen the regular newscasts mention it.  It will 
probably be mentioned in the papers tomorrow.

My opinions:
-----------
I find this disturbing.  While I believe that Koresh is largely 
responsible for not ending this standoff in a peacable manner during the 
last 51 days of patient opportunity, I find the secrecy surrounding the 
aftermath more damaging to the authorities' position than they realize.

Since the vast majority of potential defendents in a court case are 
already dead, the emphasis on the importance of building the court 
case seems overblown to me.

It will be interesting to see the hearings on this affair.  I have also 
heard congressional calls for a review and possible overhaul of government 
enforcement agencies which you will recall I have stated would be a good 
idea in previous months.

Please also note that I by no means endorse  or agree with the many 
conspiracy-type theories I have read here and in other groups.  As usual, 
I am basing my opinions on info gathered from various media and filtered 
by my own common sense and consideration of plausibility, IMHO.  As such, 
my opinion is subject to change as more information is made available.


Scott Roby                                                Standard Disclaimer
-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55036
From: R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1r5rnn$rdt@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>
bu008@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Brandon D. Ray) writes:
 
>
>In a previous article, nomad@ecst.csuchico.edu (Michael Larish) says:
>
>>In article <1r00ug$d60@btr.btr.com> michaelh@public.btr.com (Michael Hahn  michaelh@btr.com) writes:
>>>A partial list of excellent socialist visionaries and the tolls they've
>>>taken of unpopular religious/ethnic/social groups.
>>>
>>>Mao Tse-Tung		Millions Killed
>>>J. Stalin			Millions Killed
>>>A. Hitler			Millions Killed
>>>Pol Pot				100,000s Killed?
>>>W. J. Clinton		~100 Killed, but relax-he's only had a hundred or so days.
>>
>>	You people are rather amusing in a perverse sort of way.  You take
>>a tragic/unpleasant situation that you feel is a terrible injustace, and
>>assign blame to anybody and everybody with or without a link to the incident
>>simply because they don't fit your extremely narrow definition of good.
>>
>>	How is Clinton responsible?  It was a law enforcement action.
>>Granted, it was a nationally covered incident but Clinton had no more to
>>do with the outcome than Fred Flintstone.
>>
>Perhaps you've been under a rock the last few days?  The BATF and the FBI
>are both federal agencies.  Clinton has admitted in front of news cameras
>that Janet Reno (the once and future Attorney General) gave him a full
>briefing of what was planned *before* they did it, and he gave her the
>go ahead.
>
>Maybe, just possibly, that makes him a *teensy* bit responsible?
>
>>--
The FBI, CIA, BATF, etc. ARE federal agencies, you are correct.  But to
think there is a visible and clear chain of command up to the Prez, and
that these agencies inform Reno who informs Clinton, etc. is naive.  These
agencies operate as distinct and seperate entities and while they have
ultimate accountability to the Prez, they make their own moves, and then
tell the Prez, who says, "I knew all along".  While this may not seem right,
or it may not fit our idealistic need to see a structured chain of command
leading to the White House, thats the way it is.  Bureaucracys are not, after
all, composed of 3 or 4 people who talk on a regular basis, have lunch, and
maybe golf together.  I do agree, the FBI, BATF messed up. I'm not sure if
they should have stormed the compound or not.  By the way, Jehova Witnesses
are a religious minority in this country.  Protestantism is a minority
religion in the World.  BDs were a cult by all definitions and history of
cults.  To say this is not to persecute a religious or ethnic enclave.
Koresh said he was the Messiah.  I was raised a Baptist, although I do
not practice the religion and do not think that the Big Guy upstairs is
digging the divisiveness, closemindedness, and right-wing morons that are
associated with the religion.  Anyway, the Messiah that I was taught about
would not be carrying a gun, let alone stockpiling weapons.  You can doubt
BATF reports all you want, David Koresh was not a poor soul who was
unjustly persecuted.  While some of the information coming from the U.S
government is being exagerated so as keep public opinion on their side, I
do believe that some of the things that former cult members have said
are true.  Anyway, this is just another excuse to try and blame President
Clinton for something.  People who attempt to do this for political motives
should be ashamed.  THEY are the ones who are keeping this country from
reaching its full potential.
 
 
 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55037
From: HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In <1r600fINNdlu@cronkite.Central.Sun.COM> dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM writes:

> In article 5589@news.eng.convex.com, gardner@convex.com (Steve Gardner) writes:
> >In article <1r3j2k$da2@menudo.uh.edu> HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.) writes:
> >>  Minor quibble:  The assualt (and it was one) began near dawn.  The fire did
> >>not break out for several hours.  
> >	Minor quibble back at you.  I am in the same general area as
> >	the Koresh compound and I can tell you that the air was quite
> >	chilly that morning, especially with the high winds that
> >	were blowing. (Of course the swiss cheese walls made it
> >	even worse. ;-)

  You are correct WRT the idea of some heating being nice that morning.  But 
part of that line was also for the guy who said "minutes later, the fires
started".  I did forget how cool it was that day.

> Those choppers flying around didn't make the wind any more still, either.

  When you got 30-40 mph winds swinging across the Texas plain, a couple of
Hueys don't add one whole hell of a lot.

semper fi,

Jammer Jim Miller 
Texas A&M University '89 and '91
________________________________________________________________________________
 I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
"Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing System."
 "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
      ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55038
From: bob@hobbes.dtcc.edu (Bob Rahe)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r5a7jINN83g@charnel.ecst.csuchico.edu> nomad@ecst.csuchico.edu (Michael Larish) writes:
>In article <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu> green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green) writes:

>>2) Could a further wait have resulted in a different outcome.

>	This I doubt.  While I question the ATF's initial raid, I believe
>that the remainder of the standoff was handled fairly well with the single
>exception of the psychological "warfare" by blaring music, etc.  I think
>that was uncalled for and probably hindered the outcome.

  BUT...  Suppose they had waited.  The WORST outcome would have been the
one that actually did.  But with the FBI/ATF just standing there watching
instead of being a part of the problem.  It then would have been very clear
exactly who was at fault then, rather than the way it turned out.

  AND, that would have been the WORST case.  The best would have been, they
finally get hungry and come out.  Possible/likely?  Well, the alternative was
worse...

>>One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
>>"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
>>had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.

>	Which is actually rather refreshing nowadays.  Most of the time, the
>higher-ups claim "I don't remember..." or "I had no involvement..."  :-)

  But what does it matter?  Why say "I don't remember...." when it doesn't
make any difference?  Altho the clintonettes have been pretty good at lying
when it wasn't necessary, they didn't do it this time.  But it wasn't 
necessary - claiming full responsibility is a totall meaningless gesture.
Symbolism over substance - again!  

  I've offered to take full responsibility.  When do they pay me the big
bucks the AG is making...????   ;^)
-- 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
|Bob Rahe, Delaware Tech&Comm College | AIDS, Drugs, Abortion: -        |
|Internet: bob@hobbes.dtcc.edu        |  - Don't liberals just kill you?|
|CI$: 72406,525 Genie:BOB.RAHE        |Save whales; and kill babies?    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55039
From: Shooting Club at ASU <GUNDEVIL@ASUACAD.BITNET>
Subject:    CRIMESTRIKE - Phoenix Gazette Editorial


    Editorial - A10, Saturday, April 24, 1993

    CRIMESTRIKE HITS TOWN

    With the chilling reality of crime at the hands of urban terrorists
    that were noted above (a high school student and gang article in the
    same column), we welcome into the ranks of those dedicated to re-
    moving criminals from the streets the National Rifle Association's
    new CrimeStrike project, engineered by Arizona's former chief assist-
    ant attorney general Steven J. Twist.

    CrimeStrike is working to reverse the disturbing trend of daily
    crime.  It is promoting solutions that can be applied nationally,
    including tough and honest sentencing of the sort that Arizona is
    applying with its Truth in Sentencing law; funding construction and
    staffing of appropriate prison space; ensuring that the system is
    primed to punish serious youthful offenders; strict attention to the
    rights of victims; and citizen and community involvement.

    Phoenix will be the home for this national organization.

    The Gazette has vigorously opposed many NRA policies on issues of gun
    control, and will be resolute in promoting prudent laws that seek
    reasonable regulation of firearms.

    But CrimeStrike is an appropriate creation, a response to a clear
    need for more robust vigilance in holding legislators and judges ac-
    countable when it comes to swiftly and surely punishing criminals.

    When an organization has an issue, it has an issue, and Crime-
    Strike has it - especially when it is willing to direct its dollars
    to getting criminals off the street.

    We say, welcome to town.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55040
From: s5uapw@odysseus (Aaron Walker)
Subject: A little question of  "blame" (was Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr21.053035.29591@mcs.kent.edu>,  
mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu (The Lawnmowerman) writes:
 
> However it was the Branch
> Davidian people in there that insisted on staying there with their  
"savior" 
> (yeah right budy boy) because he had brain-washed them into believing  
that 
> what ever he says is the truth, even if means that they are to give up  
their
> lives for <<<<HIS>>>> cause.  

Tolerent, aren't we?  Their's was hardly the first faith/sect/cult 
to espouse this type of belief.

> Therefore it is Davids fault and not the ATF's
> who gave them 50 to 51 days to get out, this was 50 days to many for me  
and
> for many of the rest of the U.S. 

I keep hearing this, and while I'll agree that he "should" have come
out (legally, that was his best option), he didn't; and as far as I know,
there is no legal provision for "we're tired of this shit, lets just
kick some ass..."

So I have a question for you; here goes.

I come up to you and point a gun at you, saying "I'm going to count
to ten, if you aren't standing on your head by then, I'll kill you."
You believe that standing on your head is the road to damnation, so
you don't do it.
"1..2..3..4..5..6..7..8..9..10...BANG!"  You are now dead - Is it my
fault for shooting you, or you're fault for being shot?
Koresh wouldn't stand on his head.  

-Aaron

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55041
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...

In article <C5uIHo.8LK@chinet.chi.il.us> dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung) writes:
:gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH) writes:
:>On the subject of CS/CN/tear gas: when I received my initial introduction to
:
:You couldn't find a window after six hours?  
:
:-- 
: Daniel A. Hartung  --  dhartung@chinet.chinet.com  --  Ask me about Rotaract

Have you ever been violently sick repeatedly?  I have, and it was difficult to 
drag myself back to my bed, much less move through a building full of smoke and
debris, especially when most likely already disoriented from lack of sleep and
constant psychological abuse...  Throw in the fact that the 'safety' outside
consists of people who have shot at me and thrown grenades at me, and are
currently knocking my house down with tanks, I could understand if the BD's
were inclined to stay put in the center of the building...



-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55048
From: 0005111312@mcimail.com (Peter Nesbitt)
Subject: Starting my letter writing campaign

Okay, here is the result of my efforts.  I'm just getting started with this
type of activity, so please set your flame-thowers on low.

Comments, corrections, suggestions, welcomed.

****************************************************************************

Editor, 

I would like to ask you and your readers a few questions that are related to
the "right to keep and bear arms", and to a greater degree, the many other
"rights" that we take for granted on a daily basis. 

1.	You're sleeping at night, when you hear someone in your house.  You
call the police.  How will you defend yourself, should the need arise, while
you are waiting for the police to arive? 

2.	You are driving your family home when your car breaks down.  A "good
samaritan" stops to "help", when you find you and your family at gun-point or
knife-point.  How will you defend yourself?  And your Family? 

3.	You are a woman walking alone to your car or home.  A man appears
suddenly with the intent to rape you.  How will you defend yourself?  Are you
strong enough to fight off your attacker?  Are you willing to let this man rape
you in order to survive the attack? 

If the House and Senate have their way, we will soon not have the right to keep
and bear arms, as provided by the Second Amendment to the Constitution. A gun
may not be the answer to each and every dangerous situation, but are you going
to let the politicians decide what sort of force or weapon you may use to
defend yourself and your family? 

Many times a situation may be diffused by just brandishing your handgun.  If
certain members of the House and Senate have their way, .25, .32, and 9mm
ammunition will be banned for sale to anyone other than the military and law
enforcement departments.  Very soon, you may not be able to purchase ammunition
for use in your handgun. 

There is already a 15 day waiting period in California.  Do you really feel
that any law abiding citizen should be required to wait this amount of time for
the purchase of a handgun when his life or family members have been threatened?

Our local police do an excellent job, but they can not be there all the time,
or in a moments notice.  You should have the right to protect yourself   while
waiting for help to arrive. 

There is currently legislation circulating in Washington that would prohibit
the sale of certain types of ammuntion, handguns, rifles, and shot-guns.  One
elected official even wants to repeal the Second Amendment! 

I want to ask the readers of this paper what they would do if their elected
officials decided that they should only belong to a "certain church", or go to
church on a "partiular day"?  What if you were told that you could only read
certain books?  Write about certain subjects?  What if you no longer had the
right to a jury of your peers?  How about the right to assemble in a peaceful
manner? 

These are all rights that are provided by our Constitution and the Amendments.
If we give up one right, we may as well give them all up.  If you do not fight
for the right to keep and bear arms, what will you fight for?  When your life
is affected?  Write your law makers now!  Protect all of your rights by
defending your Second Amendment rights. 


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55049
From: djh4484@zeus.tamu.edu (HARTY, DANIEL JOSEPH)
Subject: Re: CNN for sale

In article <1qt8pt$ge4@geraldo.cc.utexas.edu>, mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider) writes...
>In article <93106.21394634AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
>|In article <2001.150.uupcb@yob.sccsi.com>, jim.wray@yob.sccsi.com (Jim Wray)
>|says:
>|>
>|> Bill Vojak:
Hey! If you can get it together, I'm all for it! I too am one of the poor
(a college student) Get a bank account set aside, and set aside a big ass
data base and you will get my contribution. I'm setting aside as of now 10$ 
a month. Not a slew of cash to be sure, but it's the best I can do. Let me
know what you guys come up with. I'm sure as hell not going anywhere.

E-Mail to DJH4484@RIGEL.TAMU.EDU
Death to Tyrants!  
							Kane
Better ideas anyone? Haven't heard 'em yet!


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55050
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas) writes:

> viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson) writes:

>>	That really depends upon where you draw the line while defining
>>these weapons, 

>This means you would support a ban if it were narrow enough.  Good.

	Very narrow.  Very, very narrow.  If you'll recall, I was the
nut that advocated the possibility of tactical nukes being militia
weapons in certain situations.  How can you possibly define what is a
weapon and what isn't is only the start of this.

>>and also on if you intend the law to be reflective of
>>modern practice five months or five centuries down the road.  

>I would hope so.  Let's define a nuclear weapon as an explosive weapon
>whose majority of energy comes from fission and/or fusion of atomic
>nuclei.

	And you've just described any civilian reactor because your
definition fails to note what energy is being considered.  Reactors
blow with a steam explosion, but the majority of energy still comes
from fission or fusion because that is what heated the coolant.  See
what a can of worms this is?  Last I heard, Ft. Calhoun station just
north of Omaha, Nebraska wasn't considered a weapon.  Given the
sodium-cooled breeder designs on the blocks now, I can easily envision
reactors being household appliances in under twenty years.  With the
PRISM design, there is *no* operator input needed on the reactor
itself, and it is not unreasonable to assume the secondary side can
be made equally as automatic in the future.  So your definition is
flawed in a few respects already.

>  Let's define a biological weapon as live organisms or viruses 
>in such state, quantity, and with such a vector that they could cause 
>death or serious disease [further defined] to a significant number of
>people if released in a city, similarly populated area, resevoir, or
>cropland.  

	Typhoid Mary would likely fit this bill if she sneezed.  If
you don't mind extrapolation, any HIV-positive person also fits this
bill if they interact with others in a way that stands any chance of
spreading the virus.  Finally, that manure pile I mention below fits
this definition, as does, say, releasing a pet rattlesnake to the wild.

>Nerve gas and mustard gas are well defined.  Other poisonous
>gasses should be individually banned only if it can be shown that there
>is no use not related to weaponry.  Licenses should be available for
>research purposes on such chemicals.

	And I can show where any such gas has other uses.  For example,
perhaps we would like to rid the hay field of gophers.  Calcium Carbide
is a rock that dissolves in water to produce aceteylne gas.  It can
be used for welding, in miners lamps, for gassing gophers, or for
making carbide bombs and doing some illicit fishing.  Toss some in a
toilet and leave a lighted cigarette on the seat and you'll see that
it can also be a weapon, just like any other flammable substance.
So, now my miners lamps won't work, I can't do any welding, and I
still have those pesky gophers.

>I am not a lawyer, but these ideas could certainly be a basis for 
>definitions.

	The basis for, but I'm sure you see that the problem is not
in writing a law, it is in writing a law that cannot be abused and
extended beyond the point where it does any good.

>>I'll give
>>you a little hint:  see that manure pile in the farmer's field down the
>>road?  In the USA, that is a weapon of mass destruction, 

>Nope.  It is not considered a weapon.

	It is under your proposed law.  So is a silage pit if there
is run-off.  So are underground fuel tanks.

>>biological in
>>nature, because if it gets washed into an open well it will contaminate
>>the aquifers that supply thousands of cities with drinking water.  So,
>>where do *you* draw the line?  In the USA, the EPA has ruled that
>>a pile of scrap iron is illegal.  Care to draw a thinner line this time?

>It is not defined as a weapon of mass destruction.  Many things are
>banned for other reasons.

	It meets all the criterion of a weapon.  It is an instrument that
can be used for fighting, even though that is not its intended purpose,
and despite there being better weapons around.  Given that the aquifers
supply a significant part of the country with drinking water, mass
destruction is rather a given.

	It's not that certain weapons aren't something I'd rather not
see a lot of people having.  The problem is that it is nearly
impossible to write a law such that it cannot be abused upon some
pretext or another.  The looser your definition, the more ripe for
abuse that law is.  Furthermore, if you get specific then the old
standby is to insert a clause allowing the list of banned things to
be added to, generally without going through the hassles of another
vote and public reading of the law.  Again, ripe for abuse.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55051
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: CNN report: FBI/ATF killing ALL Americans

In article <1993Apr22.000020.23999@Csli.Stanford.EDU>, cower@csli.stanford.edu (Richard Cower) writes:

> CNN just reported the ATF and the FBI have begun killing everyone in the
> United States. A press release stated this action was required because
> bugs had revealed that many people were doing something illegal in their
> homes, and statistical data indicated that those who weren't might someday
> do something illegal. An ATF spokesperson, just before he shot himself, stated
> that "this would clean up things once and for all".

For those of you still unsure whether this is satire, the jury is still out:

    "Also yesterday, even though the compound no longer exists, the
     US attorney's office here released formerly sealed documents,
     including a search warrant and related affidavits, that authorities
     planned to use when the siege was over.

    "These documents did not include the original warrants the Bureau of
     Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms had in late February, which to this
     day have never been released.

    "...one of the documents indicated the agency planned to seek
     samples of Koresh's handwriting not only to verify that he had
     signed for some gun purchases, but also that he espoused
     'certain doctrines hostile to law enforcement and particularly
     the ATF.'"

So, one of the charges against Koresh seems to be Contempt of Cop -- he
expressed hostility to the BATF.  That chilly feeling in your gonads is 
perfectly normal, folks... it should go away in about 51 days.

        The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
        ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
        abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz

That should save them the trouble of subpoena-ing samples.  Heavens knows 
I want to cooperate fully, meinherren.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55052
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...

dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung) writes:

>gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH) writes:
>>On the subject of CS/CN/tear gas: when I received my initial introduction to
>>tear gas, the first thing that came to mind was the location of the exit.  If
>>there had been anything in the way, corners to negotiate, doors to open, or 
>>any other obstacles to movement, I would have had a difficult time exiting

>You couldn't find a window after six hours?  

	I'd bet cash 90% of the people couldn't find the window after six
minutes!  Ask anybody who's taken basic training in the military.  It is
not at all uncommon for a few soldiers who have not properly attached
and cleared their masks to require assistance exiting the chamber.  Since
that chamber has a door, not just a window, it's likely a hell of a lot
easier to exit than a multi-room, damaged house.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55053
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Don Kates' talk on the Branch Davidians

This was posted by Lyn Bates to the firearms-politics mailing list:

I recently learned that Don Kates was going to be in Boston to give a talk
at the Harbard Law School about the Waco situation.  (Of course, this was
all set up after the incident started but long before its unhappy
conclusion.)  So, yesterday I went to hear him.  What follows is a rough
summary of what I think I heard him say, which should not be taken as
exactly what he actually said...

Kates started by saying that since he didn't know any more about the fire
than the audience did (it had just happened the day before), he would not
discuss that, but would concentrate on the original raid.

Koresh definitely was not playing with a full deck.  But so what?  This
isn't the first time that the leader of a new, small religious group has
been ridiculed by the public.  Extreme religious views nearly always fuel
hatred and mistrust.  The first amendment applies, maybe especially, to
people like Koresh.

Lengthy digression into the history of police organizations in the US.
There were none until about 1830, when they began in metropolitan areas.
Police originally were not armed; if they found a crime in progress, they
called local armed citizens to help.  Many began to carry arms for
protection despite regulations against them, eventually the laws were
changed to allow them to carry guns.  The original intent was to have many
small police departments, jealous of one another and competitive, but not
large enough to be a threat to liberty, hence the plethora of
organizations ranging from postal inspectors to the coast guard.  When the
FBI was started, agents did not have the authority oto carry guns (they
were to be, after all, a bureau of investigation, not a police force).
"All police agencies will be misused by anyone in power to maintain that
power."

The BATF started as a tax collection agency, whose primary job was to raid
illegal stills.  When the price of sugar went up so high that moonshiners
no longer found their trade no longer profitable, many illegal stills
disappeared, and the BATF needed something else to do to justify its
existence, so it turned to activities like phony raids on gun stores.
Around the time when the BATF's annual budget is under review, the media
is alerted by the BATF to come to such-and-such a place, where at a
pre-arranged time, a bunch of cars full of BATF agents roar up to the door
and the media get great pictures of the agents entering the premises of a
gun dealer suspected of not keeping books properly.  The media isn't
invited in for the boring hours of agents leafing through paperwork, but
if any irregularities are found, the media gets to cover the agents
removing armfuls of guns from the premises, and the luckless FFL in
chains.

The Waco incident happened a few weeks before BATF's budget was up for
review.

Kates' opinion is that it was a staged publicity stunt that went bad, and
that the BATF never thought for a moment that they would actually be shot
at, or they would have planned the raid differently (not sending 100
agents over open ground with no cover, for example), and would have had
some medical personnel on hand.

He confirmed that some years ago there was a warrant for Koresh's arrest
in connection with a murder charge, and the local sheriff called him on
the phone and explained about it.  Koresh sais, ok, come pick me up, and
the sheriff did, temporarily confiscating all the guns so that they could
be tested.  Koresh was later cleared, release, and presumably got his guns
back.  At least at that time, he was rational enough to be approached
rationally, and behaved in a reasonable manner.

The BATF didn't take into account that, unlike most of the FFL's they
audit, Koresh was actually paranoid, and fostered paranoia in his
followers.  Thus the pubicity stunt looked like a real attack to them, and
they reacted accordingly.

With respect to the original warrant, it had not been unsealed when Kates
was giving his talk, so he could not comment on it, except to mention that
the BATF has been known to not double-check the veractiy of their
informants, if they can manage to get a judge to issue a warrant.  He had
more to say about the way the warrant was served, which may have been
completely illegal.  Apparently the proper way to serve a warrant is to
knock on the door and announce that you're an officer with a warrant for
thus-and-so; if they don't open the door and the evidence is flushable,
then it is ok to break in the door.  But since it is hard to flush guns
down the toilet, there may have been no justification for the BATF
breaking in the way they did.  If the constitutional rights of the
Davidians were violated by an invalid warrant, or by an improperly served
warrant, then the Davidians may have been justified in their actons.  A
close look at one of the original films shows that one BATF agent _may_
have shot himself by accident when entering the building; if so, this was
the first shot fired!

The role of the media could have been a whole lot worse.  After an initial
position on the side of the BATF, the media began to come around to the
view that this might be a situation in which legally armed citizens held
off a bad, possibly illegal attack.  A real cynic might say that the FBI
went in when they did because it was clear that public opinion was
beginning to change sides, and the FBI wanted to act before they lost the
public's sympathy.

Should the BATF be abolished?  No.  Police agencies _should_ be numerous,
diverse, inefficient, decentralized, etc.  Better a few inept accidents
like this, than a move toward a single, large, well-organized,
well-trained, powerful, domestic police force, which would eventually have
even more tragic results.

   - Lyn Bates
     (bates@bbn.com)

PS Don Kates will be giving a shorter version of this talk at Boston
College Law School next Tuesday, April 27.  I don't know the exact time or
place, but presumably a phone call to the BC law school could elicit that
information.
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55054
From: jon@atlas.MITRE.org (J. E. Shum)
Subject: Re: Nature of the Waco gas


In article <1r6170INNdlu@cronkite.Central.Sun.COM>, dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard) writes:
> Just heard on the network radio news a spokesman from the army
> saying that the type of CS gas used in Waco had been banned from
> military use.  Its use is also banned by a draft international
> agreement on the use of chemical weapons in warfare.
> 
> The reason given was that the use causes extreme nausea,
> blindness, disorientation, total irrationality, raging paranoia.  
> Children would be all the more susceptible, and show the results
> all the earlier.  

Interesting development.  Especially since the Feds (and the U.N.)
accused Saddam Hussein of using illegal chemicals on his own 
citizens as well.  Hmmm...  Republican Guard/Iraqu Army = FBI/BATF?  
You decide.
--
I hope very much that others who will be tempted to join cults
and to become involved with people like David Koresh will be
deterred by the horrible scenes they have seen over the last 
seven weeks.  

           -President William Jefferson Clinton, April 20, 1993,
at a press conferance held the day after the Branch Davidians 
"compound" went up in flames while under attack by the FBI/ATF
near Waco, Texas.  Is your church U.S. Government approved?

CONNECT THE GOD-DAMNED DOTS!!!  Ministry, TV Song
-- 
Clinton Administration e-mail addresses | clintonhq@campaign92.org (MCIMail)
    provided as a public service by     | 75300.3115@compuserve.com (CompuServe)
    Jon Edward Shum (jon@mitre.org)     | clintonpz@aol.com (America Online)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55055
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: "Women With Guns" on CBS

Catch tonight's (Thursday's) CBS Street Stories.  Covers, among others,
the work of AWARE (Arming Women Against Rape and Endangerment), a women's
empowerment and training group in Massachusetts.  They'll be interviewing
spokesperson Nancy Bittle, as well as some of her students.  (Assuming
all of the "interesting" stuff they taped makes the final cut.)

[If they show the ugly housebreaker in the toque and sunglasses, wave hi.]
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55056
From: f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu
Subject: Re: Janet Reno on Nightline

In article <FINN.93Apr20102525@dalek.ISI.EDU>, finn@ISI.EDU (Greg Finn) writes:
> 
> 	I am bothered by the suggestion of child abuse that Janet Reno
> used several times last night, both on and off Nightline as a de facto
> justification for approving the raid.  If that is to be used as a
> justification of potentially lethal force attack on the compound, and
> doing structural damage can fairly be called that, then that evidence
> had better be quite strong.  That seemed to be on Ted Kopel's mind
> last night.
> 
> 	Reno stated that they had evidence of child abuse.  She would
> not say what it was.  Koresh's now ex-lawyer was inside the compound
> repeatedly and told her to her face last night that he saw plenty of
> happy children playing with their mothers and no signs of child abuse
> whatsoever.  No brooding silent children, no apparent bruising, and so
> on.  Her reply to this was that child abuse is not always as evident
> as that.  True, but what better evidence could the FBI have had?  At
> this point it seems difficult to see how the FBI could have had better
> evidence than that seen by Koresh's lawyer who was an eye witness.
> 
> 	Having lived in LA and seen the media and authority feeding
> frenzy that accompanied the McMartin Preschool debacle, I have seen
> just how hot a button a child abuse charge can be.  Child abuse has
> been used before by authorities as a justification to discard prudence.
> 
> 	I find Janet Reno's repeated assertions of evidence of child
> abuse rather curious.  Wasn't the warrant issued for a supposed
> weapons violation?  That certainly had nothing to do with child abuse.
> Are we to assume therefore that new evidence of child abuse arose
> after the issuance of that warrant and the initial assault?  If so, I
> fail to see now how that new evidence was gathered, and how it could
> be better that on-site eye witness evidence.
> --
> Gregory Finn	(310) 822-1511
> Information Sciences Institute, Marina Del Rey, CA 90292

On TV news this morning it was reported that the local Texas authorities
who have reviewed the cases of the 21 children who were released
earlier in the siege have found no evidence of physical or sexual
abuse of any of the children.  I don't recall if this was on Good
Morning America or our local Texas TV station.

*   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 Joe Gaut                    |   In the super-state, it really does not
 <f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu> |   matter at all what actually happened.
     Remember the Alamo      |   Truth is what the government chooses to 
       Remember Waco         |   tell you.  Justice is what it wants to happen.
                                        --Jim Garrison, New Orleans, La.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55057
From: nagle@netcom.com (John Nagle)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

ndallen@r-node.hub.org (Nigel Allen) writes:
> FBI Director's Statement On Waco Standoff
>   "I had hoped to be making a very different statement this evening.
>After very careful planning and extensive preparation we all thought
>that today's efforts by the FBI to bring the Branch Davidians out of
>their compound would result in the peaceful resolution of the
>stand-off or at least meaningful negotiation.
>   "Instead, we are faced with devastation and death.  However, I
>have no question that our plan was correct and was conducted with
>extreme professionalism and care.  I applaud the restraint shown by
>agents in the face of life-threatening gunfire, and I thank them for
>risking their lives to try to end this peacefully.  I have only the
>greatest admiration for the courage and professionalism of all
>involved."

      "I have no question that our plan was correct?"  Months to
get ready, unlimited funds, knowledge of a threatened mass suicide by fire,
and no fire trucks on hand?   This is "extreme professionalism and care?"

      I can understand the first screwed-up raid by the BATF.  They
underestimated the opposition, which happens.  But not this one.  
The FBI had their first team in place, massive resources, ample time 
for planning and bringing up any specialized equipment or people necessary.  
They still botched it.

      The FBI Director and the FBI SAC in overall charge should resign,
or be fired for incompetence.

      I don't blame Reno or Clinton.  They gave the FBI clear orders:
don't go in unless you can do it without casualties; if you can't do that,
wait it out.  Those were reasonable orders.  The FBI said they could
pull off a tactical solution, and they couldn't.

					John Nagle

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55058
From: lilak@peaks.enet.dec.com (Rod Lilak)
Subject: Re: Should Anybody be Permitted to Own a .50 BMG rifle?


In article <93111.141747JCEHC@CUNYVM.BITNET>, <JCEHC@CUNYVM.BITNET> writes:
Path: nntpd2.cxo.dec.com!pa.dec.com!decwrl!ames!saimiri.primate.wisc.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!usenet.ins.cwru.edu!news.ysu.edu!psuvm!cunyvm!jcehc
Organization: City University of New York
Date: Wednesday, 21 Apr 1993 14:17:47 EDT
From: <JCEHC@CUNYVM.BITNET>
Message-ID: <93111.141747JCEHC@CUNYVM.BITNET>
Newsgroups: talk.politics.guns
Subject: Should Anybody be Permitted to Own a .50 BMG rifle?
Lines: 26

   For the moment, forget about BATF incompetence or FBI hubris.  Did
anybody catch Rep. Charles Shumer on the news last night holding up
a .50 BMG cartridge and rhetorically asking if anybody should be allowed
to own one of these.  (I presume he meant the rifle for which it is chambered
and not the cartridge which you can get for a buck.)

  So what's your guess for the upcoming anti-gun agenda:

1.   A ban on heavy caliber rifles. (read .50 BMG)

2.   A ban on "sniper rifles"

3. A ban on "stockpiling" guns and ammunition.


BTW: Shumer is perhaps the most misinformed congressman I have seen on
     the news. I wonder how he finds the floor in the morning.
-------
MICHAEL F. GORDON
JCEHC@CUNYVM.CUNY.EDU

"Vote as you shot."  (19th Cent Republican campaign slogan )


Shumer is not mis-informed, he knows full well what he is doing.

If you look at his other votes, and positions as an agent of redistribution
of wealth & property in this country, to him guns and personal freedom 
are incompatible with his obvious world-view. They are a threat to the
'order' he would impose.

	R

--
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"It [collectivism vs individualism] is an ancient conflict. Men have come
close to the truth, but it was destroyed each time and one civilization fell
after another. Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The
savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe.
Civilization is the process of setting man free from men."
    -- Ayn Rand : 'Roark's speech from the _Fountainhead_'
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I don't speak for my company. We hire the 'Politically Correct' to do that.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55059
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Dealing with cults - a few thoughts

In article <OAF.93Apr21181038@klosters.ai.mit.edu>, oaf@zurich.ai.mit.edu (Oded Feingold) writes:

> Look at history.  Rep Leo Ryan (and some staffers) visited Jonestown,
> at the request of constituents who had relatives there.  Once
> Jonestown was discovered, and even though they killed Ryan and his
> entourage ... they all killed themselves, because Jim Jones knew he'd
> be busted...

> The only way to prevent such a problem would be never to investigate
> reports of child abuse or sexual mistreatment, or organizations buying
> full-auto conversion kits or shipping hand grenades via UPS, on the
> off chance of stumbling across cults that would kill themselves. ...
> 
> So, the only way the BATF/FBI could "save" those people, and future
> cults, is by ignoring such signs.

The paucity of this line of argument is that it is provably false.

Texas state officials COULD and DID investigate child abuse charges.
They COULD and DID apprehend Koresh peaceably.  The COULD and DID
impound his weapons for the duration.  And Koresh was NOT CONVICTED.

Note that child abuse and similar accusations are STATE matters, not
federal.  The state COULD and DID handle them properly and peaceably,
and furthermore violating no one's constitutional rights in the process.

So maybe the best way for BATF/FBI to save people is to mind their 
own fucking business.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55060
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <C5v9Fv.Krt@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
> In article <C5uHuo.Awq@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:
> >In article <nate.1485.735408842@psygate.psych.indiana.edu> nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle) writes:
> >>    Yeah, as information trickles in... funny how that works...
> >
> >Funny, yeah, funny how you didn't wait for the FBI spokesdroid 
> >latest reversal of "facts" before proclaiming the BD's burned
> >themselves to death.
> 
> If you won't believe anything the government says, and the press
> is not reliable according to the same logic, then what do you base
> your statements on?  Wild speculation laced with a healthy dose
> of paranoia?

Funny, Brent, but so far we have heard two versions of the "facts:"

1) What the government says.  This includes what the government says that
   two survivors have said.

2) What Koresh's lawyer (who was actually inside the compound) says,
   including what he says that most of the survivors have said.

Strange, but they seem to disagree in most important particulars.

If anyone has actually seen news reports of any of the survivors
speaking first-hand, feel free ot pitch in.  I may have missed it.
But my money is that their story will sound a hell of a lot like
case 2, and not at all like case 1.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55061
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: Impeach Clinton, Reno

Few simple points:  Leadership: You are responsible for all that your 
                      subordinates do or fail to do.

                    Law: Any deaths that occur as a result or during the
                       commision of a crime are a felony against whoever dies
                       during the incident, and whoever committed the crime
                       establishing the incident is chargable for MURDER ONE.
                       This is how criminals are charged with murder for the
                       deaths of bystanders from police stray rounds and such.
                       Someone dying of a heart attack is also considered a
                       murder one, if it is in a situation caused by a crime.

-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55062
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE
From: <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>

In article <1r2d2rINNa7e@hp-col.col.hp.com>, dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff) says:
>
>NUT CASE PANICS!!!!REALIZES HE'S MADE A COMPLETE FOOL OF HIMSELF IN FRONT OF
>THOUSANDS OF NETTERS!!!!BACKS AWAY FROM EARLIER RASH STATEMENTS!!!!GOD HAVE
>MERCY ON HIM!!!!

I love a clown, even a school-yard one.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55063
From: scasburn@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu (Steven M Casburn)
Subject: Flames on the net about flames in Waco

In article <C5vGME.GoA@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wa
yne J. Warf) writes:
>In article <C5v9Fv.Krt@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvin
e) writes:
>>
>>If you won't believe anything the government says, and the press
>>is not reliable according to the same logic, then what do you base
>>your statements on?  Wild speculation laced with a healthy dose
>>of paranoia?
>
>Are you a moron or just illiterate?
> [...]
>Oh, I forgot, you're the guy that doesn't know microwave oven need
>electricity, never mind.

     And you're the guy that doesn't know that illiterate people can't write 
coherent sentences. Does that make you superior somehow?

                                        Steve
[]
-- 
   Steve Casburn (scasburn@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu)
    "Across the page / across the ages / the moving hand of history [pleads]
     For a kinder eye to see us / not as we are / but as we dream"
                                                  -- Mark King

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55064
From: <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr21.053035.29591@mcs.kent.edu>, mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu
(The Lawnmowerman) says:
>[deleted]
>lives for <<<<HIS>>>> cause.  Therefore it is Davids fault and not the ATF's
>who gave them 50 to 51 days to get out, this was 50 days to many for me and
>for many of the rest of the U.S.  I am however sad to hear of the death of any
>child unlike the sick bastard I supposedly am.
>--
>+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
>| Matthew R. Hamilton   | mhamilto@mcs.kent.edu    |      A.K.A              |
>| CS/ Physics Major     | 1499h751@ksuvxb.kent.edu |   (The Lawnmowerman)    |
>| Kent State University | 1299h751@ksuvxb.kent.edu |                         |

How tragically ironic that a post like this should originate
from Kent State. Apparently the lessons of history have been
ignored there.






Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55065
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: The Dayton Gun "Buy Back" (Re: Boston Gun Buy Back)

In <1993Apr21.202659.28336@mtu.edu> cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter) writes:

>> Is there something similar pro-gun people can do ?  For example, pay $100
>> to anyone who lawfully protects their life with a firearm ?  Sounds a bit
>> tacky, but hey, whatever works.

>How about a gun buy-back/charity?  Get some sponsors to fund the
>purchase of used firearms, have a gunsmith check them over, and give
>or sell them at a low price to poor persons wishing to own firearms. ;-)

	Why sell them at a low price to poor people immediately?  The NRA
is an educational organization too, after all, and it would be a shame
to pay all that money for new guns when these cheap guns would allow a
lot of money thus saved to be used in opening more classes.  Mention
that the NRA trains our boys in blue and you've got the media between
a rock and a hard place.

	"City pays $50 per gun to reduce crime."
			or
	"NRA to pay $50 per gun to provide training guns for police
	 and citizens.  Classes expanded with money saved."

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55066
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: WACO burning

v111qheg@ubvmsb.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION) writes:

>Can you imagine what happens when a magazine explodes?

	Generally the ship sinks (sorry, there's a picture of the
USS Iowa next to my desk).

> Bullets go flying every
>where. IMHO, these "gunshot wounds" were actually caused when the magazines 
>went up.

	First, unless that round is chambered there is little threat of
penetration by the bullet, or the brass for that matter.  Unless that
expanding gas is held in an enclosed space you get a nice "pop" and not
enough threat for even firefighters to worry about.  Finally, it's
rather simple to tell if a person was shot prior to being burned to
a crisp.  See, by the time the ammunition went up those people were
quite dead.  Look for blood around the wound, particularly bruising.

	However, it's my contention that it makes little difference
whether they died from exploding ammunition or fire; the Feds seem
to have shared responsibility for both.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55067
From: kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT)
Subject: Re: Waco survivors 1715 19 April

From article <C5sEGz.Mwr@dscomsa.desy.de>, by hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker):
> 
> In article <APM.93Apr20090558@hpopdlau.pwd.hp.com>, apm@hpopdlau.pwd.hp.com (Andrew Merritt) writes:
> |>Path: dscomsa!dxcern!mcsun!uknet!pipex!uunet!think.com!sdd.hp.com!hpscit.sc.hp.com!apm
> |>From: apm@hpopdlau.pwd.hp.com (Andrew Merritt)
> 
> |>In article <1993Apr19.170353.1@vms.ocom.okstate.edu> chorley@vms.ocom.okstate.edu writes:
[stuff about British cult members deleted]
> |>What exactly are you trying to say?  And why were there no fire-engines within
> |>a mile of the compound?
> 
> Because the Gun loonies were firing on vehicles with 50mm amunition that
> has a range of 3000 meters.

They were using 50 caliber ammunition not 50mm ammo.  50mm would be 5cm; a
shell of this size would be larger than a lot of cannon shells.

Snipers could have screened the people trying to put out the fire.  Besides,
the ranch house (not "fort apocalypse"; it was just a house despite what
the FBI and ATF says) was on *fire*.  The "Gun loonies" couldn't hardly
have been shooting at fire men while there house was engulfed in flames.
The FBI and ATF don't have any excuse for not having fire engines there
to put out the blaze.  The bastards waited until the fire was *well*
under way before they called the fire department in Waco.  They didn't
even tell the fire department to be on standby.  I sincerely hope that
the FBI, ATF, Attorney General Janet Reno, and all others involved in
this fiasco get the just punishment that they so richly deserve.
Someone should pay for this needless, tragic waste of human life.

Sadly, these evil SOBs will probably never face justice.  The media
and the government will just whitewash this incident and chalk it
up as being solely David Koresh's fault.  Sadder still, the American
people will probably believe them.

> Next question.
> 
> 
> The problem is of course the laws that allow a bunch of raving nutters
> to collect a huge stack of arms in the first place.

This is not the problem...the problem is that we have a government that
is becoming more tyrannical every day.  If people decide to own guns
*and* live in one place together then that is their prerogative.  On
the other hand, if the BDs were in posession of explosives and illegal
guns then the government did have the right to search their compound.
But, the allegations that the BDs were in posession of illegal weapons
hasn't been proven yet, so I'm not going to conclude that the BDs broke
any laws.  David Koresh was accused of abusing children, but if this
is his *only* crime then the presence of the ATF can't be justified.
The ATF is only supposed to deal with firearms, tobacco, and alcohol
violations.  ATF agents are basically cigarette cops...they should
stay out of other kinds of law-enforcement actions that are out of
their jurisdiction.  Better yet, they should be s**tcanned IMO.

> The sequence of events meant that there really was no option but to
> attempt some sort of breakthrough via an intervention. If the FBI had
> had the stomach for it they could have mounted a commando type
> raid and attempted to save the children by shooting all the adults.

Sounds like something the SS would do.  Human life---children and adults
alike---should be treated with respect---even if they are "heavily-armed
religious wackos".

David Koresh's lawyer seemed to think that everyone *would* come out
peacefully sooner or later.  The FBI and ATF had NOTHING BUT TIME ON
THEIR HANDS!  Why did they have to escalate the situation and cause
this senseless tragedy?  Their job is to protect the public and SAVE
LIVES NOT KILL PEOPLE for crying out loud.

> It really was a no win situation. Koresh had plenty of opportunity 
> to give up and stand trial for the murder of the 4 ATF officers. Instead
> he ordered the murder of the children.
 
Don't be so sure about that.  I read in a newspaper today that one of the
cult members said that when one of the tanks went through the wall that
it knocked over a lantern which caused the ranch house to be caught on
fire.  This cult member also said that David Koresh had *no* intentions
of committing mass suicide.  David Koresh's lawyer also confirms this.
Therefore, if this is true then this means that the FBI AND ATF MURDERED
EVERYONE IN THAT HOUSE!  Even if this is not true, the FBI and ATF still
don't get off the hook because they waited a damn long time to call the
Waco fire department.  Perhaps they wanted all these people to die.

> In order to reject the word of the FBI and BATF it is neccessary to beleive
> the words of a man who has just murdered 17 children and ordered the 
> suicide/murder of his other 80 followers. According to the account given
> the BATF attempted to serve a warrant upon Koresh at the ranch and were met
> by gunfire in a deliberate attempt to murder them. The Koresh/gun supporter
> claim that the BATF started shooting simply does not stand up. If the 
> AFT had gone there to start shooting they would have gone with heavier
> grade weaponry than standard issue handguns. For all practical purposes
> they were unarmed, the B-D followers had automatic weapons.
 
You're wrong on several accounts.  ATF agents were adequately armed.  They
had MP5s, AR-15s, and shotguns.  Some agents were armed with automatic
pistols but not all were.  The ATF's initial claim---which they later
retracted---that agents were underarmed is simply ludicrous.

> The B-D seige could not be allowed to go on indefinitely. The B-D were
> quite capable of commiting mass suicide and murdering the children at any
> time. A commando assault was the only other likely action that could have
> achieved that objective, that would have been very risky, orders of 
> magintude harder than Antebbe or the Iranian Embassy Seige. Airplanes
> and Embassies are not designed for defense against attack ranch 
> apocalypse was. 6 terrorists are far easier to disloge without casualties
> than 80.
> 
> Allowing the siege to go on was not an option either, besides the serious
> risk that Koresh would proclaim armageddon at any moment there was the 
> question of the difficulties of keeping the emmergency team on standby over
> a prolonged period. The longer the siege went on the more mentally prepared
> Koresh and his followers would be for a prolonged siege. Rather than go
> in prematurely the mistake was probably to go in too soon.
> 
> 
> Can you think of a better way of getting the children out?
> 
> A 100% certain way?
> 
> 
> The people who do not want gun control must obviously discount the entire
> government story. This is simply rationalisation. It is not enough for 
> them to simply dismiss the government as incompetent. That would require
> them to come up with a solution themselves. Instead they have to come
> up with a government conspiracy theory whereby the government decided to
> set out to murder 80 people just to set up some sort of scare to alow them
> to get gun control legislation through.

Gun control isn't the only issue here.  If the sick little monkeys in
Washington try to use the Waco incident as a reason to ban guns then
they will have demonstrated just how f***ed up they are.  What concerns
me much more than new gun control legislation is that the government
seems to be able to get away with s**t like they did in Waco...they are
becoming more and more callous about people's rights and the law.  This
greatly disturbs me and it should disturb you as well.

> This conspiracy theory assumes that the BATF deliberately got 4 of its
> agents killed and that the FBI etc actually enjoy sitting out in the
> middle of Texas being shot at by religious nutters.
> 
> Still the conspiracy theory is comforting, it allows them to pretend that
> WACO proves nothing except about how incompetent the government is in 
> resolving a hostage crisis. No govt in the world has ever faced a 
> comparable situation, quite probably there was no manner in which it
> could be peacefully resolved. The blame does not rest on the FBI, it
> rests on the fact that Koresh was allowed to get so far, in particular
> the person who tipped the B-D off in advance has the murder of 4 ATF
> agents and 17 children on his or her conscience.
> 
> 
> There are a large number of people in the US who predict the end of society
> preach salvation through armed security. The fact is that these are the
> very people who pose the threat to society in the first place. The next WACO
> may not be religious nutters but a political movement. A splinter group
> of the Klu Klux Klan taking over a schoolhouse in a black area for example
> and holding several hundred children hostage.
> 
> The only possible solution to such situations that can work is to prevent
> them arising. No other government in the world has faced such a situation. 
> this is because no other government has so carelessly allowed high power
> weaponry to become avaliable to any little Hitler or would be Messiah
> to set themselves up as dictator in their own little empire.
> 
> 
> Phill Hallam-Baker


Scott Kennedy,  Brewer and Patriot

Before:  "David Koresh is a cheap thug who interprets
          the Bible through the barrel of a gun..."  --ATF spokesman
After:   "[The ATF] is a cheap thug who interprets
          [the Constitution] through the barrel of a gun..."  --Me


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55068
From: johnm@karnak.lonestar.org (John Meaders)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu (The Lawnmowerman) writes:

>In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>, <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
>   "GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE".  Besides there are nine 
>   survivors in the burn-unit of the local hospital and was reported that David
>   was in one of the towers when the shit hit the fan.  Besides, a majority of 
>   these children were children that he was supposed to have been the father of,
>   this then makes them bastard children to a sacraligious zeloit (sp).  Also
>   someone should have told David and his followers that if they can't the heat
>   then they should stay out of the kitchen!! (pun intended)

I guess you need to be reminded of some things!  Have you ever heard of the
First Amendment?  I guess not.  It isn't a crime to be a religous (I know
you said "sacraligious", but it isn't your place to judge his religion)
zealot in this country.  REMEMBER we have freedom of religion in this country!
I guess you are selective in that respect!  So what if they were "bastard"
children.  They were CHILDREN!  Do you condone their deaths?  I pray for
your lack of a soul if you do!
-- 
John B. Meaders, Jr.	"Gun Control is being able to hit your target!"
8820 Southwestern Blvd. #1103, Dallas, TX  75206
VoiceMail:  214-750-0273	UUCPMail:  karnak!johnm
InterNet:  johnm@karnak.lonestar.org

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55069
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1r569aINN7ss@charnel.ecst.csuchico.edu>, nomad@ecst.csuchico.edu (Michael Larish) writes:

> 	How is Clinton responsible?  It was a law enforcement action.
> Granted, it was a nationally covered incident but Clinton had no more to
> do with the outcome than Fred Flintstone.

Do I think Clinton conceived of it?  No.
Do I think Clinton ordered it?  No.
Do I think Clinton was aware of it before it went down?  No.
Do I think Clinton was aware of it after it went down?  Of course; who wasn't?
Do I think Clinton prejudged these people to a certain extent because he
                   believed the BATF crap about child abuse and stockpiling
                   "evil semi-automatic weapons?"  Yes.
Do I think Clinton ever questioned federal jurisdiction in this matter?  No.
Do I think Clinton ever considered the civil rights of the victims?  No.

> 	As for the rest, I won't argue whether BATF handled the initial
> confrontation well (or as it should have).  But from day 2 on, I have no
> problem with the way the operation was handled or the decisions made.

Some of us suspect that ALL the unlawful mistakes made on Day 1 were made 
on the government's end.  That makes days 2-51 nothing but a macho 
alternative to delivering an apology.

> As
> for day 51, as long as the FBI and BATF didn't INTENTIONALLY set the fire
> then, while it is certainly tragic, the majority of Americans (according
> to a recent poll) have no problems with the operation itself. 

Who gives a good goddamn about some bullshit "opinion poll" of "most 
Americans?"  Most Americans swallow the government line that they're fed --
not because they're stupid, but because it's the only line they ever hear.

"Most Americans" thought the staff at the McMaster(?) school was guilty,
guilty, guilty.  Woops, turns out they weren't.  "Most Americans" once
thought that black slaves weren't human beings.  Woops, wrong again.
"Most Americans" thought Saddam Hussein was the Antichrist.  Oh dear,
he was a "special friend of the American government" until two years 
previously.  You know, maybe truth ISN'T determined by majority vote
of a half-informed public after all.

> In fact,
> most Americans (according to this poll) think it should have been
> resolved sooner...

You're just testy because of all those newsbreaks that were interrupting
"Roseanne."
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55071
From:  ()
Subject: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

"Freed om of Religion" has absolutely nothing to do with building a small
arsenal and grooming 10-year old children to be your wife. "I'll come out
as soon as I finish my manuscript on the Seven Seals." Oh, OK, David.

I agree that Koresh was as much of a victim as a perpetrator; this because
he grew up inside the cult, and engaged in a power struggle where his
supporters helped inflate his ego.

That doesn't change the fact that he was a loose fucking cannon with a
shitload of serious weapons. Or that he was banging thirteen year olds and
twisting their impressionable little minds.

This was no MOVE fuck-up. A helicoptor was thermal-imaging the compound
that afternoon and detected three fires erupting almost simultaneously.
There were no CS CANISTERS... a specially modified Abrams was pupming the
stuff in. No chance of starting a fire there. Kerosene lamps? Maybe one,
but not three fires. No way. Koresh wasn't just talking out of his ass. I
expected this to happen.

Maybe they WANTED it to look like murder. He had 50+ days. I think this was
coming the whole time. He didn't even put the children in the buried bus or
the underground bunker during the CS seige. He put them up into the tower
to die. Fuck all of you "Big Brother" paranoid freaks. The only good thing
to come of any of this is that there will be one less group of crazoids to
attract some of the more rootless members of our society.

joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55073
From: mroberts@ptdcs2.intel.com (Mark Roberts ~)
Subject: Re: FYI - BATF reply on Waco

In article <1993Apr20.060635.26568@ke4zv.uucp> gary@ke4zv.UUCP (Gary Coffman) writes:
>In article <nagleC5n2sz.5IA@netcom.com> nagle@netcom.com (John Nagle) writes:
>>      The San Francisco Examiner reports that Clinton has issued instructions
>>to federal law enforcement that they may not kill or injure anyone to 
>>resolve the Waco situation.  So they've built a fence around the compound,
>>and are now seriously considering building up the fence to prison-camp
>>levels, pulling out most of the manpower, and waiting however many months
>>it takes.
>
>Well either the Examiner was wrong (as usual) or Clinton lied *again*.

Or perhaps David Koresh didn't listen too well??  Just because mistakes
were made does not mean the President *lied*.

>
>Gary
>
>-- 
>Gary Coffman KE4ZV          |    You make it,     | gatech!wa4mei!ke4zv!gary
>Destructive Testing Systems |    we break it.     | uunet!rsiatl!ke4zv!gary
>534 Shannon Way             |    Guaranteed!      | emory!kd4nc!ke4zv!gary 
>Lawrenceville, GA 30244     |                     | 

** Mark


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55074
From: cash@convex.com (Peter Cash)
Subject: Re: Nature of the Waco gas

In article <1r6170INNdlu@cronkite.Central.Sun.COM> dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM writes:
>Just heard on the network radio news a spokesman from the
>army saying that the type of CS gas used in Waco had been
>banned from military use.  Its use is also banned by a
...
>The reason given was that the use causes extreme nausea,
>blindness, disorientation, total irrationality, raging paranoia.  
>Children would be all the more susceptible, and show the results all the
>earlier.  

If we are indeed talking about CS, then this is not quite accurate. CS is
"just" tear gas--albeit the worst kind. It isn't a nausea gas, and doesn't
have direct CNS effects. However, it's quite bad--much worse than CN gas. I
was briefly exposed to it once (during an engagement in Berkeley circa 1968
8^) and it's not the kind of thing you forget. It seems to be
moisture-activated--it not only made my eyes sting and water, but attacked
my breathing passages and lungs. Breathing was painful, and my entire face
felt as if it was on fire. These effects persisted for hours after
exposure, and I was coughing for days afterwards.  If I was exposed to a
dense concentration of this stuff in a closed space for several hours, I
doubt whether I could find the exit. Indeed, I can't imagine living through
it.


-- 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
             |      Die Welt ist alles, was Zerfall ist.     |
Peter Cash   |       (apologies to Ludwig Wittgenstein)      |cash@convex.com
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55075
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Congress to review ATF's status

In article <C5vzHF.D5K@cbnews.cb.att.com>, lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:

> 	WASHINGTON (UPI) -- As part of its investigation of the deadly
> confrontation with a Texas cult, Congress will consider whether the
> Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms should be moved from the
> Treasury Department to the Justice Department, senators said Wednesday.
> 	The idea will be considered because of the violent and fatal events
> at the beginning and end of the agency's confrontation with the Branch
> Davidian cult.

Of course.  When the catbox begines to smell, simply transfer its
contents into the potted plant in the foyer.

"Why Hillary!  Your government smells so... FRESH!"
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55076
From: garrod@dynamo.ecn.purdue.edu (David Garrod)
Subject: Re: WACO burning

In article <C5wCyB.n1F@dscomsa.desy.de>, hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker) writes:
......
> 
> No Koresh is responsible.
> 
> If a murderer goes on the rampage it is the murderer who is responsible.
> The police may bear responsiblity for failing to stop him but the primary
> responsibility is with the murderer.
> 

When did Koresh go on a rampage?

What I saw was an unnecessary, unprovoked massive attack on Feb. 28th.

Probably even an illegal action by ATF, certainly way out of proportion
to anything reasonable.

And yet, according to a pole taken yesterday, 95% of the people poled
believe the government forces acted appropriately.  They don`t believe
Reno or the President have any guilt in ordering/allowing the attack.

I suppose they also believed things like:
"I would present a 5-year plan to balance the budget."
"We don`t need to lead with a tax increase...."
"It starts with a middle-class tax cut..."
"I`ll have the bills ready the day after I am inaugurated and we`ll
have a 100 day period....It will be the most productive in modern history."
"I will ask congress for a line item veto.."
"I will lift the social security earnings test.."

I personally prefer to disbelieve the government until they prove themselves
right, rather than the other way around.  That way I have a better than
50% chance of being right about my first guess!

Read the constitution sometime, it is supposed to protect the citizens
and their rights.  I am sick of the abuse of government power.

As Tom Jefferson said:
"When all government,..., shall be drawn to Washington as the centre of
all power, it will render powerless the checks provided of one government
on another and will become as venal and oppressive as the government
from which we separated."  (1821)


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55077
From: R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu
Subject: Re: Gun Buy Back

In article <1993Apr22.134330.9761@rti.rti.org>
jbs@rti.rti.org writes:
 
>
>In article <16BB7BA6A.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu> R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu writes:
>>...Gun buyback programs will hopefully
>>have an impact on accidental shootings (especially youths), domestic
>>disputes where a gun is available in the heat of emotion and anger, and
>>maybe keep a few guns from being stolen and later used in street-level
>>crime.
>
>What gives you the idea that gun "buyback" programs will have an impact on
>any of these things?  Evidence, please?
>
> Please don't misinterret  what I was saying Joe.  I was making the point tha
there is NO evidence of effect of gun buyback programs but hopefully if
there is any effect it may prevent injuries or deaths in one of these types
of common incidents.
 
>If you're a "Research Associate" in "Urban Child Research," then perhaps
>you can comment for us on the ratio of the accidental gun death rate to the
>rate of accidental death from other single causes?  Follow that perhaps
>with some sort of justification for the amount of effort that anti-gunners
>spend trying to convince the country that accidental gun-related death
>among children in the U.S. is a serious problem.
>
 Firearms are the fifth-leading cause of unintentional deaths among children
ages 14 and under.  I don't understand how the ratio to other accidental
deaths is important.  So guns don't kill as many children as car accidents.
What is the difference in severity between 1,000 deaths and 10,000 deaths?
I am not trying to use accidental gun-related deaths among children as a
justification for gun control.  Who needs to be convinced that accidental
gun deaths of children is a serious problem?  I assumed that any humane
person would be concerned when any 10 year old got hold of their parents
gun from their bedroom drawer and accidently blew away one of their friends.
 
>>More than anything, gun buyback programs are symbolic offerings to the
>>community.  In that sense, I think they might do a little good.
>
>Please explain why you think "symbolic offerings" do good.
>
 My point was, gun buyback programs which are almost always run by police
departments MIGHT (I stress might) do a LITTLE (I stress little) good by
giving people the impression that the police are attempting to respond
to interpersonal gun violence in a unique way.  Overall, I thought that I
had made it clear that I did not think that gun buyback programs were
useful.
 
 
>>I do know that the vast majority of guns that are used by youths or
>>brought to school by youths on a daily basis (about 135,000 youths) are
>>obtained easily and quickly, through a personal friend, or more often
>>"borrowed" from a parent without their knowledge.
>
>I suggest you go back and look at wherever you saw these "statistics" - I
>suspect you'll find if you look carefully that 135,000 is the number of
>students *estimated* to have carried *a weapon* (not necessarily a gun)
>to school at least once in the past year, and not the number of students
>who carry a gun to school daily.
>
 Well Joe, I suggest that you talk to the Center to Prevent Handgun Violence
or the Centers for Disease Control.  If YOU look carefully you will see
that YOU greatly underestimate the presence of guns in the lives of youths.
The CPHV reports that 135,000 youth bring GUNS to school DAILY and that
400,000 bring GUNS to school at least once a year.  The CDC estimates
that 1 out 0f 25 high school students carried a gun to school at least once
in 1990.  The CDC also says that 1.2 million elementary-aged, latch-key
children (kids who come home from school to an empty house), have access
to guns in their home.  California schools reported a 200% increase in
student gun confiscations between 1986 and 1990, and a 40% increase between
1988 and 1990.  Florida reported a 61% percent increase in gun incidents in
schools between 1986/87 amd 1987/88.  These are the "statistics".
 
 
 
>>thus willing to follow a man who claimed to be the Messiah (Got news
>>for you folks, if the Big Cheese was on this crazy planet of ours
>>presently, he would NOT be carrying a gun or holding children when they
>>were in danger).
>
>"Holding kids?"  Time for a reality check, son.  These kids were the
>children of the people inside who believed that the forces of evil were
>outside waiting to kill them.  Would you send *your* children out the door
>if you believed as they did?
>
 Okay, maybe I worded it wrong...DAD.  I meant that to put children in a
situation (fortified compound) where harm could come to them is not the
act of a Messiah in my opinion.  I'm not saying that Koresh had control over
these children directly, but I would hope that whatever Messiah there is
would not let innocent children die.
If as he claimed he was the Messiah and people followed him as such, why
did he not tell their parents to free the children instead of letting them
burn alive?  Thanks for the reality check Joe, its been real.
 
Rodney

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55078
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: WACO burning

In article <C5wCyB.n1F@dscomsa.desy.de>, hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker) writes:

> No Koresh is responsible.
> 
> If a murderer goes on the rampage it is the murderer who is responsible.

ram.page, n.: To move about wildly or violently.  A course of frenzied,
violent action.

Who assaulted who here, Phill?  Do you remember exactly which side came 
out looking for trouble?

> The police may bear responsiblity for failing to stop him but the primary
> responsibility is with the murderer.

So if it turns out that the fire WAS caused by a tank knocking over a
Coleman lantern, you'll support punishing the "responsible" people, Phill?
Or will you find then find a different reason to hang it all on Koresh?
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55079
From: jdurbin@nl.oracle.com (Jason Durbin)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5zsyn.MtD@sugar.neosoft.com>, jpsb@NeoSoft.com (Jim Shirreffs) writes:
|> |>      If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
|> |> burning building?
|> |> 
|> |> James Dusek
|>  
|> James, it could be that they were determined to stay together in the compound
|> no matter what happened. Perhaps the fire was accidental, and the DB simply
|> refused to leave the compod. Perhap they died fighting the fire? who knows.
|> we will have to wait and see. i persaonlly find it hard to believe that they 
|> would all agree to burn themselves up! what a horrible way to go.
|> 
|> jim shirreffs

I seem to recall graphic news file of buddhist monks setting themselves on fire
in the streets of Saigon. Yes, its a horrible way to go, but apparently not
so horrible that someone with enough religious conviction might not be able to 
carry it through. And, since they've discovered bullet wounds in a couple of 
the bodies from the compound, there is the possiblity that those with the will power to self immolate also had the will power to take out the ones who had
less constitutional fortitude. Then again, maybe the FBI ran in while the fire
was raging, executed those two, and ran out again.

Jason Durbin
Oracle Europe

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55080
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Photographers removed from compound

In article <C5vF59.83q@news.udel.edu>, roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:

> two news photographers were found 
> on the compound earlier this morning without permission.  It was explained 
> to the press corps. that this is dangerous and that an unknown photographer 
> turning around with a long lens camera could be mistaken for someone dangerous 
> by a Texas Ranger surveying the site. (!)  

In other words, "Nice camera you got dere.  It would be a shame if somet'in
wuz ta happen to it..."

> The two photographers were said to be currently in jail 

> It was also emphasized that the survey of the "crime" scene at this 
> point was crucial and that the press could not be allowed to interfere.
> The press will not be allowed in until the bodies are removed and the 
> site has been completely surveyed for evidence for a court case.  

> My opinions:
> -----------
> I find this disturbing. 

Good.  Keep thinking critically.

> While I believe that Koresh is largely 
> responsible for not ending this standoff in a peacable manner during the 
> last 51 days of patient opportunity, I find the secrecy surrounding the 
> aftermath more damaging to the authorities' position than they realize.

What if the secrecy is actually LESS damaging than the alternative?

> I am basing my opinions on info gathered from various media and filtered 
> by my own common sense and consideration of plausibility, IMHO.  As such, 
> my opinion is subject to change as more information is made available.

> Please also note that I by no means endorse  or agree with the many 
> conspiracy-type theories I have read here and in other groups. 

Make your own bite-size pieces.  We'll wait.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55081
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

In article <C5vB3E.Ev5@sugar.neosoft.com>, kunkee@NeoSoft.com (Randy Kunkee) writes:

> Perhaps we are a little off track.  The discussion was about rewording
> the 2nd amendment.  This specifically refers to the right to bear arms.
> "Bear" and "arms" are key words here, no?  Is it too simplistic to say
> that if you can't pick it up (ie. bear it), or if it is not a firearm
> then it can be restricted without amending the constitution.

Firearm?  Let's not even consider long knives (swords), which were also
common militia weapons in the 18th century, and which, if anything, are
often restricted more heavily than firearms.  Whatever sense gun control
makes, knife control makes even less.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55082
From: kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead)
Subject: Re: The Holocaust Revisited

mcsdc1jpb@dct.ac.uk (John Bell) babbles from Scotland, one of England's
last remaining colonies:

>Are you for real?

>People dumb enough to give their money and possessions to a guy who says he's
>jesus deserve all they get

People who were dumb enough to believe Klinton was a moderate deserve what
they get too.  It's a real laugh to hear them try to justify this massacre
with bullsh*t about how concerned they were about how our tax money was
was being spent.  (Wasting money keeping Texans alive?  Hell no. let's
spend it to import Haitians with AIDS so we can treat them at taxpayer
expense.  %^P  )

>Anyway, he killed a few feds

So what?  The Feds killed 90+ civilians when they "ran out of patience", to use
their own phrase.  If the Feds hadn't attacked them, they'd all be home eating 
dinner with their families tonight.  Too bad, but they started it.  Maybe
next time they'll think twice.  That's worth 4 stormtroopers.

>He's not the goddam hero here

Nobody says he is.  What he was was a victim of a left-wing government,
that violated its pledge to protect and uphold the Constitution, run amok.  
Don't worry, though dweeb, we're gonna take it back.  (Hey, I'm a white guy,
but would it be OK if I quoted Malcolm X here, and said "by any means 
necessary"?  Nah, never mind.  We can do this legally...

>He's dead an' i'm happy!!!!!

NO, you're just a brainless f*cking trogladyte.  Go beat up some soccer
fans.  Ignorance is bliss, so drool on with that stupid smile on your 
face when people die needlessly. I hope a badger climbs up your kilt.

(Don't expect these UKies to care about this, folks...  these bastards
never did like the idea that we Americans had the means to defend ourselves 
and wouldn't stand for tyranical governments, which is why we sent them packing 
back to their dreary little island with their tails between their legs twice.)




  **************************************************************************
*     I remember what I was doing         *    Bad boy, whatcha gonna do    * 
*  when I heard that JFK had been shot.   *        Whatcha gonna do         *
*  Will you remember the Battle of Waco?  *    when they come for you...    *
 ***************************************************************************
Ken Whitehead (kdw@odin.icd.ab.com)


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55083
From: spl@szechuan.ucsd.edu (Steve Lamont)
Subject: Re: A Message for you Mr. President: How do you know what happened?

In article <1r6a50$ln4@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> aj359@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Christopher C. Morton) writes:
>
>In a previous article, spl@pitstop.ucsd.edu (Steve Lamont) says:
>
>>The Comsymp ZOG wants you to think that it is the only legitimate
>             ^^^
>>possessor of nuclear weapons.  Unconstitutional!  You and I have just
>>as much right to a kilogram or two of nice weapons grade plutonium as
>>any cruddy little pointy headed liberal Los Alamos pinkos.
>
>Ah yes, yet another anti-semite anti-gunner blunders into tpg and makes
>an ass of himself.

satire \'sa-tir\ n [MF or L; MF, fr. L _satura_, _satira_, fr. (lanx)
satura full plate, medley, fr. fem. of _satur_ sated; akin to L
_satis_ enough - more at SAD](1509) 1: a literary work holding up
human vices and follies to ridicule or scorn.  2: trenchent wit,
irony, or sarcasm used to expose and discredit vice or folly.  syn see
WIT.

							spl
-- 
Steve Lamont, SciViGuy -- (619) 534-7968 -- spl@szechuan.ucsd.edu
San Diego Microscopy and Imaging Resource/UC San Diego/La Jolla, CA 92093-0608
"My other car is a car, too."
                 - Bumper strip seen on I-805

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55084
From: Seth Adam Eliot <se08+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: The Dayton Gun "Buy Back" (Re: Boston Gun Buy Back)

Excerpts from netnews.talk.politics.guns: 21-Apr-93 The Dayton Gun "Buy
Back" (.. by Larry Cipriani@cbnews.cb 
> Is there something similar pro-gun people can do ?  For example, pay $100
> to anyone who lawfully protects their life with a firearm ?  Sounds a bit
> tacky, but hey, whatever works.

Pro-gun people can take used pot-metal guns with sale values LESS THAN
$50.00 and turn them in, thus making a profit at the gun-grabbers
expense.

-Seth

__________________________________________________________________________
[unlike cats] dogs NEVER scratch you when you wash them. They just
become very sad and try to figure out what they did wrong. -Dave Barry
           
Seth Eliot                    Dept of Material Science and Engineering
                              Carnegie Mellon Univerity,   Pittsburgh, PA
ARPA    :eliot+@cmu.edu       |------------------------------------------
   or    se08+@andrew.cmu.edu |
Bitnet:  se08%andrew@cmccvb   |      
------------------------------|

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55085
From: Seth Adam Eliot <se08+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: senate and house addresses

> In article <C5uA7r.DAD@da_vinci.it.uswc.uswest.com>,
pprun@august.it.uswc.uswe
> > 
> > Would someone please post the generic addresses for Congress and 
> > Senate so that we can all write letters?

Unites States Senate
Washington, D.C. 20510

The House of Representatives
Washington, D.C. 20515

The White House
Washington, D.C. 20500

-Seth

__________________________________________________________________________
[unlike cats] dogs NEVER scratch you when you wash them. They just
become very sad and try to figure out what they did wrong. -Dave Barry
           
Seth Eliot                    Dept of Material Science and Engineering
                              Carnegie Mellon Univerity,   Pittsburgh, PA
ARPA    :eliot+@cmu.edu       |------------------------------------------
   or    se08+@andrew.cmu.edu |
Bitnet:  se08%andrew@cmccvb   |      
------------------------------|

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55086
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <16BB88F6D.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu> R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu writes:
> In article <1r5rnn$rdt@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>
> bu008@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Brandon D. Ray) writes:
>  
> >
> >In a previous article, nomad@ecst.csuchico.edu (Michael Larish) says:
> >
> >>In article <1r00ug$d60@btr.btr.com> michaelh@public.btr.com (Michael Hahn   
michaelh@btr.com) writes:
> >>>A partial list of excellent socialist visionaries and the tolls they've
> >>>taken of unpopular religious/ethnic/social groups.
> >>>
> >>>Mao Tse-Tung		Millions Killed
> >>>J. Stalin			Millions Killed
> >>>A. Hitler			Millions Killed
> >>>Pol Pot				100,000s Killed?
> >>>W. J. Clinton		~100 Killed, but relax-he's only had a hundred  
or so days.
> >>
> >>	You people are rather amusing in a perverse sort of way.  You take
> >>a tragic/unpleasant situation that you feel is a terrible injustace, and
> >>assign blame to anybody and everybody with or without a link to the  
incident
> >>simply because they don't fit your extremely narrow definition of good.
> >>
> >>	How is Clinton responsible?  It was a law enforcement action.
> >>Granted, it was a nationally covered incident but Clinton had no more to
> >>do with the outcome than Fred Flintstone.
> >>
> >Perhaps you've been under a rock the last few days?  The BATF and the FBI
> >are both federal agencies.  Clinton has admitted in front of news cameras
> >that Janet Reno (the once and future Attorney General) gave him a full
> >briefing of what was planned *before* they did it, and he gave her the
> >go ahead.
> >
> >Maybe, just possibly, that makes him a *teensy* bit responsible?
> >
> >>--
> The FBI, CIA, BATF, etc. ARE federal agencies, you are correct.  But to
> think there is a visible and clear chain of command up to the Prez, and
> that these agencies inform Reno who informs Clinton, etc. is naive.  These
> agencies operate as distinct and seperate entities and while they have
> ultimate accountability to the Prez, they make their own moves, and then
> tell the Prez, who says, "I knew all along".  While this may not seem right,
> or it may not fit our idealistic need to see a structured chain of command
> leading to the White House, thats the way it is.  Bureaucracys are not, after
> all, composed of 3 or 4 people who talk on a regular basis, have lunch, and
> maybe golf together.  I do agree, the FBI, BATF messed up. I'm not sure if
> they should have stormed the compound or not.  By the way, Jehova Witnesses
> are a religious minority in this country.  Protestantism is a minority
> religion in the World.  BDs were a cult by all definitions and history of
> cults.  To say this is not to persecute a religious or ethnic enclave.
> Koresh said he was the Messiah.  I was raised a Baptist, although I do
> not practice the religion and do not think that the Big Guy upstairs is
> digging the divisiveness, closemindedness, and right-wing morons that are
> associated with the religion.  Anyway, the Messiah that I was taught about
> would not be carrying a gun, let alone stockpiling weapons.  You can doubt
> BATF reports all you want, David Koresh was not a poor soul who was
> unjustly persecuted.  While some of the information coming from the U.S
> government is being exagerated so as keep public opinion on their side, I
> do believe that some of the things that former cult members have said
> are true.  Anyway, this is just another excuse to try and blame President
> Clinton for something.  People who attempt to do this for political motives
> should be ashamed.  THEY are the ones who are keeping this country from
> reaching its full potential.
>  
>  
>  
You seem to make two points.  No one ultimately oversees the federal agencies  
you mention, and since Koresh "apparently" has a different view point from your  
Baptist upbringing, then he is not worthy of protection from religious  
persecution.  As to being the Messiah, is not Christ within us all?

Must be comforting to belong to a government approved religion.

Baptists are a cult, two, BTW, under most of the definitions in the dictionary  
of "cult".

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55087
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: WACO - Willie Authorizes Cook Out (was Re: FBI Director's Statement)

NOTE - local tx groups trimmed out of Newsgroups: line

In article <1r23a3$28a@geraldo.cc.utexas.edu> D.Nash@utexas.edu (Donald L. Nash) writes:
<
<In article <1r208f$bp2@transfer.stratus.com>, cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D.
<Tavares) writes:
<>No, you were right the first time.  Law enforcement agencies should keep
<>HIS opinions in mind before breaking into or assaulting ANYBODY'S house.
<
<OK, let me correct my unfortunate choice of words:  I just hope that the
<law enforcement agencies keep your attitude in mind the next time your
<wife is gang-raped by a bunch of juvenile, drug-dealing thugs while she
<was jogging in the park.  No, strike that... (etc.)
<
<>The BATF came out with horse trailers, 100 men, ninja uniforms, machine 
<>guns, and stun grenades, and used them before Koresh could even look 
<>at the warrant.  Koresh fought back, and people died.
<
<The key part of this sentense is "Koresh fought back."  This was his big
<mistake.  When the police decide to exert their authority over you, you
<don't fight back unless you want people to get hurt.  You cease all
<resistance and signal your submission to their authority.  The cops

They are the BOSS.  You are the SUBJECT.  The concept of defense against
illegal action under color of law is kaput.  No longer is it government
of the people by the people, its government of the people by the biggest
guns.  The idea of 'sorting it out in court later' is fine, but one
has to GET TO COURT IN ONE PIECE to do that.  Korash had good reason
to think that he was not going to get that chance.  (see below).

<aren't in it to beat up and kill people, in spite of the actions of a
<few bad apples.  If you quit resisting, they quit hitting.  Perhaps the
<BATF did over react to the threat posed by Koresh.  Perhaps they did use
<too much force.  OK, fine.  I'm willing to concede to that point if
<sufficient proof is produced (and I admit that there is some evidence to
<indicate this).  However, resisting the BATF is the worst thing Koresh
<could have done.  If they hadn't resisted, there is a good chance that
<no one would have been hurt.  Remeber, they were using stun grenades,
<not anti-personnel grenades.  If the BDs were not in violation of any

Rember, Korash didn't get to sort this all out, serenely typing at his
keyboard.  He heard SOME KIND OF EXPLOSIVES go off, he saw he was being
ATTACKED with no overt action from him (yet).  He could no more say 'oh,
its ok, its only stun grenades' anymore than I could.  He slammed the door at
that point and proceeded to repel the attackers.  He felt in genuine fear
of his life - I know I would be in fear of MY life at that point.  Have
you ever been shot at?  How clear and logically could you think, under
that pressure, when you MIGHT have ALL OF 1 or 2 SECONDS to evaluate
what is going on?  And, it would not be the first time that 'law
enforcements' intended to bring in their suspect horizontally.  For
all we know, he was informed by someone saying something like "Hey,
guy, the BATF is coming like gangbusters, and they mean to WASTE you..."

According to the latest news, the released warrant (so we are told) said
the reason for this WW III raid was that Korash's group had spent around
$200,000.00 on firearms and related stuff (over an undetermined period).
Now, even assuming that the figure isn't calculated like the Feds do a
drug siezure, for 90 people, that isn't really all that much (you priced
decent guns lately?).  Hell, I can think of a person right now that probably
has that much for ONE INDIVIDUAL, mostly machineguns!!!  Sure, he is
an avid collector, but unless a new law has been passed, it is NOT illegal,
nor an indication of anything illegal, to have a lot of guns.  Also note
that the warrant had NOTHING TO SAY ABOUT MACHINE GUNS.  So, what
is the justification of this cowboy raid, other than a romp gone bad
for some anti-gun media hype, to support Clinton's push for disarming
the unconnected citizen of any and all effective defensive weapons?
This administration has only one thing in mind.  CONTROL.  PEOPLE CONTROL.
Whether it is gun control, Clinton Cripple Chip, National smart ID cards,
it all boils down to PEOPLE CONTROL.  Can you say 1984, only 10 years late?
I knew you could...  :-)

<laws, they would have been released as they had been before.  If this
<had happened and it turned out that the BATF had used too much force,
<then the BDs would have grounds for a law suit and for federal charges
<of civil rights violations (Sounds a lot like LA, huh?  Don't take that
<wrong, I'm not commenting one way or the other about the Rodney King
<case).  But that's not what they wanted.  They got tipped off that the
<BATF was on the way in, and rather than adopting a non-violent,
<non-threatening posture to greet the BATF, they decided to fight.

And BATF knew the BDs were expecting them (via 60 minutes report).  But
they decided they were so big, so bad, they would have a cakewalk at
the BDs expense, for a nice media show anyway.  But it all turned to
shit, and the FBI taking over to manage things, we see it all turned to
shit, too.  Clinton says 'I am taking full responsibility'...  BAH.
Responsibility means to take the repercussions if it goes wrong.  Bet
you NOBODY pays any serious repercussions.  'Responsibility' only has
meaning as media PR, or as a means to corner the average Joe Schmoe.
Figure it out... Clinton, Reno, the FBI and BATF, will all be IMMUNE.
Can you say WHITEWASH?

<I've said enough of this issue.  I'm probably not going to convince any
<of you folks and you're certainly not going to convince me.  I've got
<work to do.
<
<				++Don

Be VERY afraid of our government.  In the land of the free...
And if you decide all this is acceptable, get even MORE afraid... especially
when it is YOU they decide, for some reason, they dislike...
When they no longer feel the need to confine their cowboy tactics to
'kooks', or 'wierdos'...

-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55088
From: mlh@austin.ibm.com (Sewer Snake)
Subject: Re: BATF Acronym



	B urn
	A ll
	T he
	F uckers

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55089
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5sv88.HJy@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>In article <1r1j3n$4t@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>>In article <1r19tp$5em@bigboote.WPI.EDU>, mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
>>
>>> >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
>>>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>>> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day  
>>> in Texas. 
>>
>>Do YOU eat all your food cold?
>
>Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
>Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.


Not when the power has been cut off for weeks on end.  Any generators are
no doubt out of fuel, too.  So all they would have is wood stoves and
kerosene lanters (maybe).  It is alleged that the tanks pushing in the
walls knocked over the lanters, starting the fire.  Remember, the FBI
had bugs which they even used (illegally) to eavesdrop on private
conversations with the lawyers.  If a suicide order were given they
WOULD HAVE KNOWN IT IN TIME.  If the Feds had been concerned they would
have had emergency equipment ready.  Not an hour or so later, not
leaving the water THEY TURNED OFF, off.  They could have turned it back
on.  They just didn't wanna.  Scores to settle...


-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55091
From: wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf)
Subject: Re: Flames on the net about flames in Waco

In article <1993Apr22.173240.29129@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu> scasburn@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu (Steven M Casburn) writes:
>In article <C5vGME.GoA@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wa
>yne J. Warf) writes:
>>In article <C5v9Fv.Krt@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvin
>e) writes:
>>>
>>>If you won't believe anything the government says, and the press
>>>is not reliable according to the same logic, then what do you base
>>>your statements on?  Wild speculation laced with a healthy dose
>>>of paranoia?
>>
>>Are you a moron or just illiterate?
>> [...]
>>Oh, I forgot, you're the guy that doesn't know microwave oven need
>>electricity, never mind.
>
>     And you're the guy that doesn't know that illiterate people can't write 
>coherent sentences. Does that make you superior somehow?
>

Oh my god, I made a typo AND used the word "god". Come burn my house
down, I must deserve it.

>    Steve Casburn (scasburn@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu)
>    "Across the page / across the ages / the moving hand of history [pleads]
>     For a kinder eye to see us / not as we are / but as we dream"
>                                                  -- Mark King


-- 
 +   Wayne J. Warf -- WWARF@ucs.indiana.edu -- I speak for myself only   +
 |*Clinton*Gore*CIA*FBI*DEA*Assassinate*Bomb*WoD*BoR*ATF*IRS*Resist*NSA* |
 |*Christian*God*Satan*Apocalypse*ZOG*Nazi*Socialist*Communist*Explosive*|
 +*fundamentalist*revolution*NSC*Federal Reserve*Constitution*gold*FEMA* +

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55092
From: t-chipsw@microsoft.com (Chip Switzer)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <LARRY.93Apr21174441@peak.psl.nmsu.edu> larry@peak.psl.nmsu.edu wrote:
> >>>>> On 21 Apr 93 11:28:57 -0800, yodicet@gtewd.mtv.gtegsc.com said:
> 
> > Ah yes, I see a few liberal weenies have come out of the woodwork
> > to defend the burning of the children. Probably drooled all over themselves
> > while watching the TV coverage.
> > 
> > Probably had a few like that in Nazi Germany, as well.
> > 
> > Oh yeah, ATF/FBI now claims, according the the media, that there are
> > a few survivors. The number seems to vary minute by minute.
> > 
> > 
> > 
> yodicet>
> yodicet>
> yodicet>
> 
> Hmm. You don't say..
> 

 No, it appears he didn't. Well, I think he's on to something here. I
mean the post he responded to (not) did pretty much speak for itself.

-- 
Chip Switzer				"A witty saying proves nothing."
t-chipsw@microsoft.com 	 		        -Voltaire

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55093
From: meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers)
Subject: Re: H.R. 711

In article <C5qEpL.1nu@cbnews.cb.att.com> lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:
[Posting the text of H.R. 711 ...]
[ ... ]
>To amend title 18, United States Code, to ensure that handguns are available
>only to persons with demonstrated knowledge and skill in their safe use,
>maintenance, and storage.
[ ... ]
>8         "(1)(1)(A) An individual who is not licensed under
>9   this section may not possess a handgun on or after the
>10  date final regulations are prescribed pursuant to para-
>11  graph (2) unless the individual has been issued a handgun
>12  permit under paragraph (2).

Note that this is a "licensing bill," pretending to be a "training bill."
--------
Gridlock, the only mechanism ever to succeed in
slowing down the growth rate of Big Government.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55094
From: mac@cis.ksu.edu (Myron A. Calhoun)
Subject: Re: Medical Examiner Says No Evidence for Bullet Wounds EITHER WAY

dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung) writes:
>Apparently needing to clarify his comments from Thursday, Dr. Nizam
>Plawaby (spelling?), the Medical Examiner for Tarrant County, Texas,
>who has authority in the Waco deaths, stated that since no autopsies
>had been performed, there is no evidence for bullet wounds, or 
>evidence against bullet wounds.

>Janet Reno also stated that she had never been told of bullet wounds
>by anyone in the Justice Department.  

On the news from radio station KANU (Lawrence, KS) about 6:15 this Monday
morning, I heard someone with a nasal-sounding voice (supposedly the Waco
coroner?) claim that he had found TWO persons killed with a single shot
to the forehead.
--Myron.
-- 
# We preserve our freedoms using four boxes:  soap, ballot, jury, and cartridge.
# Myron A. Calhoun, PhD EE; Assoc. Professor  (913) 539-4448 home
# INTERNET: mac@cis.ksu.edu (129.130.10.5)          532-6350 work, 532-7353 fax
#     UUCP: ...rutgers!depot!mac     Packet-BBS: W0PBV @ K0VAY.#NEKS.KS.USA.NAOM

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55095
From: Shooting Club at ASU <GUNDEVIL@ASUACAD.BITNET>
Subject:    Children/Firearm, etc. Injury Articles Wanted



 One of our ASU students needs data and or a copy or an article regarding
 accidents, injury or death to "children" (articles which state the age
 limits of "children") relating to firearms for a sociology report.

 We have a copy of the long Edgar A. Suter, M.D. article and but we can't find
 the Paul Blackman (NRA) "expose'".

 Any articles (or sections thereof) which deal with comparisons over time,
 locations, age groups, other reasons for accidents, injury or death, with
 percentages would be welcome.

 Please send same to our I.D. and node.

 Thanks in advance !
 -Tom Crise


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55096
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: Gun Buy Back

In article <16BB8B194.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu> R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu writes:
> In article <1993Apr22.134330.9761@rti.rti.org>
> jbs@rti.rti.org writes:
>  
> >
> >In article <16BB7BA6A.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu> R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu  
writes:
> >>...Gun buyback programs will hopefully
> >>have an impact on accidental shootings (especially youths), domestic
> >>disputes where a gun is available in the heat of emotion and anger, and
> >>maybe keep a few guns from being stolen and later used in street-level
> >>crime.
> >
> >What gives you the idea that gun "buyback" programs will have an impact on
> >any of these things?  Evidence, please?
> >
> > Please don't misinterret  what I was saying Joe.  I was making the point  
tha
> there is NO evidence of effect of gun buyback programs but hopefully if
> there is any effect it may prevent injuries or deaths in one of these types
> of common incidents.
>  
> >If you're a "Research Associate" in "Urban Child Research," then perhaps
> >you can comment for us on the ratio of the accidental gun death rate to the
> >rate of accidental death from other single causes?  Follow that perhaps
> >with some sort of justification for the amount of effort that anti-gunners
> >spend trying to convince the country that accidental gun-related death
> >among children in the U.S. is a serious problem.
> >
>  Firearms are the fifth-leading cause of unintentional deaths among children
> ages 14 and under.  I don't understand how the ratio to other accidental
> deaths is important.  So guns don't kill as many children as car accidents.
> What is the difference in severity between 1,000 deaths and 10,000 deaths?
> I am not trying to use accidental gun-related deaths among children as a
> justification for gun control.  Who needs to be convinced that accidental
> gun deaths of children is a serious problem?  I assumed that any humane
> person would be concerned when any 10 year old got hold of their parents
> gun from their bedroom drawer and accidently blew away one of their friends.
>  

Any death is serious.  Wanna discuss match control?  Firearms related  
unintentional deaths among children ages 14 and under are the fault of one or  
more negligent persons, not the gun.

> >>More than anything, gun buyback programs are symbolic offerings to the
> >>community.  In that sense, I think they might do a little good.
> >
> >Please explain why you think "symbolic offerings" do good.
> >
>  My point was, gun buyback programs which are almost always run by police
> departments MIGHT (I stress might) do a LITTLE (I stress little) good by
> giving people the impression that the police are attempting to respond
> to interpersonal gun violence in a unique way.  Overall, I thought that I
> had made it clear that I did not think that gun buyback programs were
> useful.
>  

Providing false hope, then, is the intent?

>  
> >>I do know that the vast majority of guns that are used by youths or
> >>brought to school by youths on a daily basis (about 135,000 youths) are
> >>obtained easily and quickly, through a personal friend, or more often
> >>"borrowed" from a parent without their knowledge.
> >
> >I suggest you go back and look at wherever you saw these "statistics" - I
> >suspect you'll find if you look carefully that 135,000 is the number of
> >students *estimated* to have carried *a weapon* (not necessarily a gun)
> >to school at least once in the past year, and not the number of students
> >who carry a gun to school daily.
> >
>  Well Joe, I suggest that you talk to the Center to Prevent Handgun Violence
> or the Centers for Disease Control.  If YOU look carefully you will see
> that YOU greatly underestimate the presence of guns in the lives of youths.
> The CPHV reports that 135,000 youth bring GUNS to school DAILY and that
> 400,000 bring GUNS to school at least once a year.  The CDC estimates
> that 1 out 0f 25 high school students carried a gun to school at least once
> in 1990.  The CDC also says that 1.2 million elementary-aged, latch-key
> children (kids who come home from school to an empty house), have access
> to guns in their home.  California schools reported a 200% increase in
> student gun confiscations between 1986 and 1990, and a 40% increase between
> 1988 and 1990.  Florida reported a 61% percent increase in gun incidents in
> schools between 1986/87 amd 1987/88.  These are the "statistics".
>  

200% increase in California schools, eh?  Gun control is working fine, there!
>  
>  
> >>thus willing to follow a man who claimed to be the Messiah (Got news
> >>for you folks, if the Big Cheese was on this crazy planet of ours
> >>presently, he would NOT be carrying a gun or holding children when they
> >>were in danger).
> >
> >"Holding kids?"  Time for a reality check, son.  These kids were the
> >children of the people inside who believed that the forces of evil were
> >outside waiting to kill them.  Would you send *your* children out the door
> >if you believed as they did?
> >
>  Okay, maybe I worded it wrong...DAD.  I meant that to put children in a
> situation (fortified compound) where harm could come to them is not the
> act of a Messiah in my opinion.  I'm not saying that Koresh had control over
> these children directly, but I would hope that whatever Messiah there is
> would not let innocent children die.
> If as he claimed he was the Messiah and people followed him as such, why
> did he not tell their parents to free the children instead of letting them
> burn alive?  Thanks for the reality check Joe, its been real.
> 
So your religion is different.  Does that make it his wrong?  Even assuming  
Koresh actually made that decision, and the verdict is still out on that.

 
> Rodney

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55097
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

In article <1993Apr22.175410.23214@starbase.trincoll.edu>  () writes:
> "Freed om of Religion" has absolutely nothing to do with building a small
> arsenal and grooming 10-year old children to be your wife. "I'll come out
> as soon as I finish my manuscript on the Seven Seals." Oh, OK, David.
> 
> I agree that Koresh was as much of a victim as a perpetrator; this because
> he grew up inside the cult, and engaged in a power struggle where his
> supporters helped inflate his ego.
> 
> That doesn't change the fact that he was a loose fucking cannon with a
> shitload of serious weapons. Or that he was banging thirteen year olds and
> twisting their impressionable little minds.
> 
> This was no MOVE fuck-up. A helicoptor was thermal-imaging the compound
> that afternoon and detected three fires erupting almost simultaneously.
> There were no CS CANISTERS... a specially modified Abrams was pupming the
> stuff in. No chance of starting a fire there. Kerosene lamps? Maybe one,
> but not three fires. No way. Koresh wasn't just talking out of his ass. I
> expected this to happen.
> 
> Maybe they WANTED it to look like murder. He had 50+ days. I think this was
> coming the whole time. He didn't even put the children in the buried bus or
> the underground bunker during the CS seige. He put them up into the tower
> to die. Fuck all of you "Big Brother" paranoid freaks. The only good thing
> to come of any of this is that there will be one less group of crazoids to
> attract some of the more rootless members of our society.
> 
> joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

I have not made up my mind about Waco, but there sure seems to be a group of  
devoted government following fanatics willing to believe whatever that  
government wants to tell them, without any shred of doubt, nor thought of thier  
own.  They sure get shrill whenever their belief structure is being shaken.

Kinda reminds you of the BDs, doesn't it?

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55098
From: scatt@apg.andersen.com (Scott Cattanach)
Subject: Re: Nature of the Waco gas

cash@convex.com (Peter Cash) writes:

>In article <1r6170INNdlu@cronkite.Central.Sun.COM> dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM writes:
>>The reason given was that the use causes extreme nausea,
>>blindness, disorientation, total irrationality, raging paranoia.  
>>Children would be all the more susceptible, and show the results all the
>>earlier.  

>If we are indeed talking about CS, then this is not quite accurate. CS is
>"just" tear gas--albeit the worst kind. It isn't a nausea gas, and doesn't
>have direct CNS effects. However, it's quite bad--much worse than CN gas. I

Has anyone publically considered the possibility that the fires were set
for defence instead of suicide and the destruction and confusion caused
by the tanks and gas caused things to get out of the BDs control?

--
"Spending programs are now 'investments,' taxes are 'contributions,' and 
these are the same people who say _I_ need a dictionary?"  - Dan Quayle 2/19/93

My employer is not responsible for ANYTHING that may appear above.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55099
From: jhart@agora.rain.com (Jim Hart)
Subject: Cult practices of the FBI

Broadcasting amplified sounds of tortured rabbits?

Burning alive men, women, and children?

We have on our hands here some truly sick puppies.


Jim Hart
jhart@agora.rain.com
Arlen Specter for President in '96

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55101
From: jgd@dixie.com (John De Armond)
Subject: Re: Ammo in a fire (was Re: WACO burning)

bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler) writes:

>Small arms rounds set off outside of a firearm pose little risk except
>possibly eye injuries and minor wounds.  

True.

>Large concentrations of ammo,
>or 'magazines' (not the type you insert into your semi auto) probably
>pose a larger risk, but mostly from heat and flame.  (This is also
>covered in the above reference.)

No more risk than smaller stashes unless the stash is somehow confined so
the heat from early ignitions could somehow bulk-heat the remainder.

Two  years ago this month my house and office burned.  In my office was my
reloading bench.  On the top shelf next to the wooden ceiling was 
about 100 lbs of smokeless powder, 5 lbs of black powder, several thousand
primers and a couple thousand loaded rounds, primarily in .45ACP, .30-20
and .308.  The fire was extinguished before the area containing the 
reloading supplies were fully involved.  There was about 1/2" of char on
the joists, subsequently removed by sandblasting.  Lots of heat in other
words.

None of the powder kegs ignited.  One 1lb can of pistol powder ignited.
No explosion, as the can opened at the seam as it was designed to do.
The black powder cans were charred and got so hot the plastic lids
completely melted and ran down inside.  The smokless powder was
contained mostly in 8 lb cardboard or metal kegs.  The kegs were charred
badly enough that the paper labels burned completely off and in the case
of the metal cans, the plastic lids melted completely away.

Many of the rounds cooked off.  They were in close proximity to wood
on all sides so the effects were easy to observe.  In most cases with the
rifle ammo, the cartridge cases ruptured in the middle.  Many bullets were
found still in the neck.  Small shards of brass were lightly stuck into 
the wood.  Lightly enough that brushing them with a fingertip would usually
dislodge them.  Primers generally popped out of the primer pockets.
The .45ACP rounds that cooked off left empty cases and bullets laying around.
No dents were observed above the storage area, indicating the bullets
left the cases slowly enough not to be a hazard.

Ordinary small arms ammo is NOT a hazard when cooking off regardless
of what the FBI says.  

John

-- 
John De Armond, WD4OQC               |Interested in high performance mobility?  
Performance Engineering Magazine(TM) | Interested in high tech and computers? 
Marietta, Ga                         | Send ur snail-mail address to 
jgd@dixie.com                        | perform@dixie.com for a free sample mag
Lee Harvey Oswald: Where are ya when we need ya?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55102
From: jgd@dixie.com (John De Armond)
Subject: Re: The Truth about Waco 

dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung) writes:

[massive dan blather mercifully deleted.]

>>His last sentence says it all.  Who the hell ARE we (or the government)
>>to judge their religion as wrong.  This event, I hope, will be recorded
>>in history as the American Holocaust.  These people were murdered 
>>by the US government just as surely as the jews were by the Nazis.
>>I hang my head in shame for what I've allowed my government to become.

>I have NEVER judged them by their religion, but by their ACTIONS.

>If they had lived a quiet, religious life as they claimed, there would
>have been no raid, no siege, and no deaths.  Instead, they chose courses
>of action at every turn that were at the very least STUPID, if not
>IRRATIONAL.  The first was to stockpile weapons.  The second was to
>shoot federal agents.  The third was to stay inside.

Last time I checked, "amassing an arsenal" and practicing any kind of
religion were mentioned in passing in the Bill of Rights.  Guess it's
OK with you if we just brush 'em aside in order to justify killing
a bunch of religious nutcakes, eh?

Of all the idiots I run into in daily life, Dan, your type scare me the
most.  You'll accept expediency and a coward's safety over any belief
just as long as the government tells you to.  You assume that anyone who
doesn't comform to your beliefs and ways of thinking are wrong and
therefore bad.  Worse, you seem to accept without question what the
government says is wrong to be wrong.

David Koresh's religion was not mine but then again, neither are the baptists,
methodists, catholics or any of the rest of the corporate religions.  BUT
even though Koresh's, the Baptists, the methodists, etc, don't believe
the same way I do, I recognize that their religions are equally valid
to mine and more importantly are equally protected under the 1st Amendment.
You see, I'm not that much different than Koresh and I suspect many others
fit the same catagory.  I read the Bible many times and as I learned 
from it, I discovered that a lot of what corporate religions practice
just isn't justified by MY interpretation of the Bible.  Therefore I go
my own way.  So did Koresh.  And neither you nor I nor anyone else,
either individually or collectively as the great socialist "we" has ANY 
RIGHT WHATSOEVER to tell me or you or Koresh that our religions are wrong.

You seem to think that it would have been oh so easy for the Davidians to
just forsake everything they believed in and walk out of their compound
in order to "save themselves".  Think (if you're capable) for a moment
about some belief you hold dearest.  Would you abandon that belief if
suddenly told to do so by the government?  If you would do so you are
beneath contempt.  Let's assume you have a belief that you hold dear
enough to commit your life to.  Do you think it would be the correct
course of action for your government to initiate actions specifically
designed to force you to make that "forsake or die" decision?

The "forsake or die" option is exactly what the government forced on the
Davidians the day the first wave of black-clad stormtroopers fired that
first shot and tossed that first grenade.  The FBI clenched it on Day 51
when they sent in heavy armor against 80-some-odd men, women and
children holed up in a rickety old building and armed with small arms.  The
people who stayed, who held to their beliefs over personal safety, whose
individual personal honors demanded they die rather than submit, who
believed that the Bill of Rights meant exactly what it says, to those
people go my deepest respect, regardless of their religion.  People like
you who blithely blow off the murder of 80 people with "well they could
have come out" get my most scornful contempt.  I'd spit in your face
were there not a network between us.  You're not worth the ashes of
those people who burned.

John
-- 
John De Armond, WD4OQC               |Interested in high performance mobility?  
Performance Engineering Magazine(TM) | Interested in high tech and computers? 
Marietta, Ga                         | Send ur snail-mail address to 
jgd@dixie.com                        | perform@dixie.com for a free sample mag
Lee Harvey Oswald: Where are ya when we need ya?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55103
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: Who's next? Mormons and Jews?

In article 7205@dazixco.ingr.com, crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com (Ron Phillips) writes:
>In article <C5s5n0.DyJ@world.std.com>, rjk@world.std.com (Robert J. Kolker) writes:
>|> Thank you for remembering Matzada.  Matzada was not an insane act. It was
>|> a sanctification of G_D's name and the most extreme denial of tyranny
>|> possible. To this day the officers of the Tzahal (Isreal Defense Force)
>|> take their oath at the fortress. Lo Tepol Shaynit Matzadah. Matzadah will
>|> not fall again!
>|> 
>
>Not anymore!  Recent archaeological inspection of the site presents pretty
>compelling evidence that the "mass suicide" at Masada never occured.  This
>evidence was so compelling tha the Tzahal no long hold their secret ceremony
>at the fortress.
>
>
>-- 
>**************************************************************
>* Ron Phillips               crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com *
>* Senior Customer Engineer                                   *
>* Intergraph Electronics                                     *
>* 381 East Evelyn Avenue               VOICE: (415) 691-6473 *
>* Mountain View, CA 94041              FAX:   (415) 691-0350 *
>**************************************************************


First I've heard of this... could yo please elaborate a little?



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55104
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

In article 3890@rpp386, jfh@rpp386 (John F. Haugh II) writes:
>In article <blake.70.735413837@nevada.edu> blake@nevada.edu (Rawlin Blake) writes:
>>I was hoping that Kent State taught us a lesson.
>>
>>Apparently not.
>>
>>Apparently the government will murder anyone they choose to still.
>
>That's right.  Despite claims that someone at Kent State fire a shotgun
>at the the soldiers, the only projectiles that anyone can prove where
>sent in the direction of the soldiers were rocks.
>-- 
>John F. Haugh II                  [ PGP 2.1 ] !'s: ...!cs.utexas.edu!rpp386!jfh
>Ma Bell: (512) 251-2151           [ DoF #17 ]        @'s: jfh@rpp386.cactus.org



No firearms were ever ever shot at the National Guard at Kent State.

At the time of the shooting, no rocks were being thrown at all.  The squad was
slowly proceeding up a knoll, away from the body of students.  Some students
were taunting them, and photographs of the incident show at most one or two
students who were following and taunting.

The series of photographs show the squad slowly proceeding up the hill, while
occasionally their NCO, .45 in hand turned back to look at where they came from.
All at once, as if on command, the entire squad turned and fired their M1
Garands, firing 30.06 rounds into the crowd (the NCO can be shown with this
45 at full recoil).  At least two of the students shot had nothing to do with
the taunters... they were only passing through, and were not participants in
the confrontation.

There is some dispute whether the Guard was even legally on Campus... apparently
they had not been invited onto the state school by the president, who had
conveniently flown the coop, so as not to be around.  The governor of Ohio,
James Rhodes, had just embarked on a senate campaign, and wanted it to be known
that he was tough on peaceniks, so had ordered the guard in.

The matter was quickly covered up.  Some years later, wounded survivors launched
a civil lawsuit against those responsible... a settlement was made, and under the
terms, the plaintiffs could not discuss much, and guilty individuals were not
identified (in fact, those shooters in the squad have been identified).

It was a tragic incident, but it was not provoked by the students, or apparently
by General DelCorso or any of his command.  From studying the incident & the 
photos, IMO it looks like it was an independent action by a small squad of soldiers.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55105
From: kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

From article <1r19l9$7dv@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>, by oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham):
> What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
> had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
> compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.

They did have the proper equipment.  The problem is that they went about
things the wrong way.  The ATF should have served the warrant in a
peacable manner instead of going in there like a bunch of Rambos with
guns blazing.  I'm not trying to excuse what David Koresh did.  I'm
just saying that the ATF (henceforth to be known as the cigarette cops :-)
went about the "raid" in an improper manner.

> The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
> transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use
> more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to
> do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they
> must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.

Let the FBI, Customs, and local police officers do the ATF's job.  WE
DON'T NEED THEM ANYMORE!!!  The cigarette cops are just leftovers
from Prohibition days.  They are an anachronism!

> With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
> more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
> the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look
> at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country
> of ours.

Including you?  What if the cigarette cops kicked down your door and
cut you in half with a machine gun?  THIS COULD ACTUALLY HAPPEN.
Maybe they get the wrong address and then raid *your* home, for example.
It's happened before and it can happen *again*.  I have heard of more
than one instance of a no-knock raid going sour.  Just recently I
heard about a case in which police raided this guy's home because they
thought he had dope or something.  The guy blew both of the officers
away and he didn't go to jail for it.  The judge hearing the case
ruled that the man was acting in self-defense.

> With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
> mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
> women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
> to death 51 days later.

Are you sure that that would have been the way to go?  Surely the FBI
and ATF could have handled this fiasco better.  They didn't have to
massacre all those people.  As Stimpy said in "Fake Dad", "Shame, shame,
double shame!"  The FBI and ATF should be ashamed of theirselves. 


Scott Kennedy,  Brewer and Patriot

Before:  "David Koresh is a cheap thug who interprets
          the Bible through the barrel of a gun..."  --ATF spokesman
After:   "[The ATF] is a cheap thug who interprets
          [the Constitution] through the barrel of a gun..."  --Me


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55106
From: kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

From article <93859@hydra.gatech.EDU>, by gs26@prism.gatech.EDU (Glenn R. Stone):
> In <2077@rwing.UUCP> pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto) writes:
> 
>>Anybody for impeachment?
> 
> Yeah, me.  Both the Slickmeister and Hillary's buddy Janet say
> they're responsible... I want both their resignations on my desk 
> yesterday.  I also want both thier butts up on federal civil rights
> violations.... something which carries life in prison as a penalty.
> 
> Oh, and I'll contribute $20 to Arlen Specter's presidential campaign
> for having the 'nads to launch the Senate investigation.

I second that motion wholeheartedly.  Also, how about s**tcanning the
cigarette cops (a.k.a. as the ATF).  Comments anyone?

> -- Glenn R. Stone (glenns@eas.gatech.edu)       ==================
> America in Distress                             ==================
> (flag upside down = SOS)                        *******===========
> Save your Republic before                       *******===========
> it no longer exists.                            *******===========


Scott Kennedy,  Brewer and Patriot

Before:  "David Koresh is a cheap thug who interprets
          the Bible through the barrel of a gun..."  --ATF spokesman
After:   "[The ATF] is a cheap thug who interprets
          [the Constitution] through the barrel of a gun..."  --Me


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55107
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: What to do if you shoot somebody

>Be as cooperative with the police as possible! Show them where you were.
>Repeat your information as often as requested. They will often ask you the
>same questions over and over to verify facts, and ,unfortunately, to see
>if your lying. Fill out all statements and show all required identification
>and weapon permits (BOOO! Down with registered citizens!Register your
 >politicians as deadly tax weapons needing to be confiscated!) If they are
>required in your state. Contact a lawyer immediately if they decide to
>

This would have to be a call.  You are not required to say anything until you
have a lawyer present, and not saying anything until such time is not to be
construed as derogatory to your cause.  Anything you DO say can later be used
against you.  You will be talking to the police, the same people who will be
gathering evidence for the prosecutor to use against you.  


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55108
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: Denver Post yanks 'Assault Ads'

In article 1rco2qINN91q@dns1.NMSU.Edu, loki@acca.nmsu.edu (Entropic Destroyer) writes:
>
>The Denver Post (supposed voice of the supposed Rocky Mountain Empire)
>ran the following in the 'Firearms, Supplies' classified heading on 
>Friday, 23 April 1993.  If you have an opinion about their new found
>wisdom, I am told that the person to speak with is one Mr. Walters,
>(303)820-1267.
>
>	Notice
>
>	The Denver Post will no longer 
>	knowingly accept any advertise-
>	ment to buy or sell assault weap-
>	ons.  The Denver Post finds that 
>	the use of assault weapons poses
>	a threat to the health, safety, and
>	security of its readers.
>
>Let 'em know what you think...
>
>--Dan
>--
>Spooksmoke: Revolution, Assasination, Thorium, Cobalt-60, Clintin, CIA, NSA, SHC
>  DoD #202 / loki@acca.nmsu.edu / liberty or death / taylordf@ucsu.colorado.edu 
>                 Send me something even YOU can't read...
>-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
>Version: 2.2
>
>mQCNAitfksQAAAEEAKceEjWI9f5KMJyKP0LOgC5dGHRpbMY2xhOo8kpEHMDyuf8a
>1BfDQSj53kosTz6HRoshSDzLVuL1/40vPjmMNtFR+vyZ4jvd3rL4iuq2umMmex3M
>itf3uLt8Xn/v/QAbsvhcFSHVJVK4Lf6wosuCMO03m2TiX31AI7VB0Uzo4yXjAAUX
>tCREYW5pZWwgRiBUYXlsb3IgPExva2lAYWNjYS5ubXN1LmVkdT4=
>=S5ib
>-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----



I've seen lots of notes like these in various newspaper classified sections.  But then
under Hunting or Sporting Goods or Outdoor or Collector's classifications, you
see things like, Colt AR15 .223 hunting rifle,  or Galil .223 sporting arm...
stuff like that.  The newspaper gets to make its editorial statement, plus they
get the revenue anyway... 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55109
From: kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

jdurbin@nl.oracle.com (Jason Durbin) writes:


>If even half the speculations of conspiracy made about this are
>true, then I would expect that you people should be calling for
>the ATF, FBI, Texas Rangers, Congress and all branches of the
>US government to be immediately and completey disbanded  --  no
>exceptions. 

>Jeez, do you people really beleive all this crap? Do you also beleive
>in the Zionist Occupation Government and the tooth fairy?


Jason - I've heard the people who are talking about this dismissed as
conspiracy nuts, but nobody seems to be talking about a conspiracy, at
least at the beginning.  There were a lot of bad decisions that went into
this tragedy, and some people may now be taking some serious evasive
action to avoid being held responsible for the unexpected results of
those bad decisions.  Actually, the only ones I see that are tied into
a conspiracy theory are the ones raving about deranged cultists with
stockpiles of weapons and suicide pacts.


>Admittedly mistakes were made but why attribute them to malice rather
>than stupidity?

I think there are a lot of us that have been following this pretty closely
from the beginning, and we woud probably agree that this tragedy was more
the result of stupidity than malice.






Jason Durbin
Oracle Europe

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55110
From: kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

From article <1r0mhtINNa59@cronkite.Central.Sun.COM>, by dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard):
>>Does that include the right to murder little children?  How about killing
>>ATF officers?  I do not know much about the gun laws in Texas, but 
>>Koresh's folks claimed to have grenades, grenade launchers, and rocket
>>launchers.  I am not sure that the NRA feels that this falls under 
>>"right to bear arms."
>  
> If the waco wackos truly had grenade launchers and rocket launchers, why
> weren't they used against the armored vehicles that attacked their house?
> All the media stated was that small arms (ie, ineffective) fire was used
> against them.

I noticed that too.  Special agent (asshole actually) Ricks stated that
David Koresh had "explosives that could blow up an armored vehicle 40
feet into the air."  It looked like to me that the BDs had plenty of
opportunity to use these explosives---provided that they had them in the
first place.  For example, when one of the tanks was injecting CS gas
into the ranch house (yes ranch house; the BDs weren't living in a
fortress) they could have easily destroyed or disabled that tank because
it was idling there for a considerable length of time.  So, why didn't
they do this?  Could it be that they didn't have any explosives or
similar munitions?  I just don't buy what the ATF and FBI have been
saying.  Hopefully, the truth will come out.

Here's something noteworthy:  after the fire had been burning for some
time an explosion occurred---just *one* explosion.  The media said that
this was some of the explosives that the BDs posessed going off.  I
don't think this was the case.  My brother and I noticed that this
so-called "explosion" resembled a plume of propane gas being ignited.
We figure that this is what it was because of how the "explosion"
looked and sounded.  Obviously, it wasn't due to something like TNT,
dynamite, or C4.  I have seen a propane explosion before...the explosion
in the ranch house greatly resembled this.  Also, I noticed something
that looked like a propane tank in the charred ruble the next day.

Isn't it curious that the ATF wasn't very forthcoming about how the four
officers got killed?  Many weeks had gone by before they stated that
some of the officers had been killed and/or wounded by grenades thrown
by the BDs.  Earlier, when someone asked one of the spokespersons about
whether or not an autopsy had been performed on the slain agents, they
said that an autopsy had been done but THEY WEREN'T READY TO RELEASE
THE FINDINGS.  Now why is this?  Does the ATF have something to hide?
Perhaps those four agents were killed by friendly fire.  What is the
cause of death exactly?  NO ONE HAS EVER SAID WHAT IT IS.

What is certain is this:  ATF agents *did* throw grenades into the
compound.  As a matter of fact, Mr. Koresh handed his lawyer a grenade
body during one of the lawyer's visits to the compound.  Later on
the lawyer gave the grenade body (I don't know if it was a dud or a
spent one btw) to the ATF.  How much do you want to bet that this
grenade will mysteriously disappear?  At this point in time the only
people we know who had grenades was the ATF agents.  Wouldn't it be
a shocker if the no one ever found any evidence of grenades, rockets,
or explosives in the rubble?  The ATF would sure have egg on their
face then.  Note that the ATF is doing the *initial* sweep of the
rubble.  The FBI and the Texas Rangers won't investigate until the
ATF is done.  This looks like a perfect opportunity for the ATF to
make sure that others "find" what they want for them to "find" if
you know what I mean.  I'm probably being a little paranoid here
but if I am I have could reason to be.  Recall that several weeks
had gone by before anyone said that the BDs had used grenades.
Also recall that early on the ATF had *denied* that their agents
used grenades on the BDs.  Someone is lying here.


Scott Kennedy,  Brewer and Patriot

Before:  "David Koresh is a cheap thug who interprets
          the Bible through the barrel of a gun..."  --ATF spokesman
After:   "[The ATF] is a cheap thug who interprets
          [the Constitution] through the barrel of a gun..."  --Me


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55111
From: dlb5404@tamuts.tamu.edu (Daryl Biberdorf)
Subject: TEXAS HB 1776 - VOTING IS TODAY

I just called Texas' legislative bill tracking service and found out
that HB 1776 (Concealed Carry) is scheduled for a floor vote TODAY!
Let those phone calls roll in.

Daryl

             Daryl Biberdorf  N5GJM    d-biberdorf@tamu.edu
               + Sola Gratia + Sola Fide + Sola Scriptura

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55112
From: R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

In article <1993Apr22.175410.23214@starbase.trincoll.edu>
() writes:
 
>
>"Freed om of Religion" has absolutely nothing to do with building a small
>arsenal and grooming 10-year old children to be your wife. "I'll come out
>as soon as I finish my manuscript on the Seven Seals." Oh, OK, David.
>
>I agree that Koresh was as much of a victim as a perpetrator; this because
>he grew up inside the cult, and engaged in a power struggle where his
>supporters helped inflate his ego.
>
>That doesn't change the fact that he was a loose fucking cannon with a
>shitload of serious weapons. Or that he was banging thirteen year olds and
>twisting their impressionable little minds.
>
>This was no MOVE fuck-up. A helicoptor was thermal-imaging the compound
>that afternoon and detected three fires erupting almost simultaneously.
>There were no CS CANISTERS... a specially modified Abrams was pupming the
>stuff in. No chance of starting a fire there. Kerosene lamps? Maybe one,
>but not three fires. No way. Koresh wasn't just talking out of his ass. I
>expected this to happen.
>
>Maybe they WANTED it to look like murder. He had 50+ days. I think this was
>coming the whole time. He didn't even put the children in the buried bus or
>the underground bunker during the CS seige. He put them up into the tower
>to die. Fuck all of you "Big Brother" paranoid freaks. The only good thing
>to come of any of this is that there will be one less group of crazoids to
>attract some of the more rootless members of our society.
>
  I'd have to agree with you there Joe.
 
Rodney Thomas

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55113
From: mjp1@roger.gte.com (Michael Procanik)
Subject: MA Senate Bills. HELP!


Two URGENT requests:

1. I need the latest update and description of MA bill S-897.  From
   what I gather this bill takes the Hunter Safety Courses from
   Law Enforcement and places them under Fish & Game control.

2. Has someone out there compiled a list of all MA Senate & House
   Bills under consideration?  If they have, please e-mail me
   the list.  If not, is there a database I can access?

	Thanx,
		Yours in the fight,
		Mike P.

P.S. My wife and I thought Nancy B. was great on Street Stories.

-- 
             Mike Procanik (617) 466-4126 mjp1@gte.com
                     *** I'm the NRA ***
 GTE Laboratories Incorporated, 40 Sylvan Road Waltham, MA 02154

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55114
From: dlb5404@tamuts.tamu.edu (Daryl Biberdorf)
Subject: Re: TEXAS HB 1776 - VOTING IS TODAY

In article <1rgolaINNqjf@tamsun.tamu.edu> dlb5404@tamuts.tamu.edu (Daryl Biberdorf) writes:
>I just called Texas' legislative bill tracking service and found out
>that HB 1776 (Concealed Carry) is scheduled for a floor vote TODAY!
>Let those phone calls roll in.

Well, I don't normally like to quote myself, but I just got some
additional information.  I called my state rep (to express my support),
and the person there informed me that it's actually just a second
reading of the bill (three are required) for further consideration.
I'm not 100% sure what *that* means, and I'm also not sure why
there's a discrepancy between what the two offices are telling me.

Still researching....

Daryl

             Daryl Biberdorf  N5GJM    d-biberdorf@tamu.edu
               + Sola Gratia + Sola Fide + Sola Scriptura

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55115
From: aj359@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Christopher C. Morton)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19


In a previous article, rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat) says:

>
>|>>This is about the third person who's parroted the FBI's line about the
>|>>fires being set "six hours after the tear gas was injected."  Suppose you
>
>|How would the Fed snipers have been able to witness the BDs setting the
>|fire (as is claimed) through all that tear gas?
>
>I actually heard one report which claimed that infrared cameras saw
>the Branch Dividians setting the fires... now, you'll have to excuse

Yeah sure.  Maybe thermal GUNSIGHTS on the armored vehicles.  When
discussing military hardware and weapons, the media generally looks like
a ufology convention.

>my scepticism, but I find it quite strange that ANYONE would be operating
>a thermal viewer during a daytime battle. It would be unusual in the
>sense that the Federales combat operation - gassing the BD with "CS2,"
>whatever that is (Is this the infamous "BZ" hallucination gas?), from

CS is merely the garden variety military teargas.  As far as it being
"humane and harmless", I've seen teenage boys knock 200lb. drill
sergeants flat getting away from it....

>I am pretty sure that newly-born religious groups will study these
>FBI tactics and build anti-armor barricades and tank traps to make
>"Next Time!" a lot bloodier for the Federales...
>
What do you expect when idiots and criminals confirm paranoids in their
paranoia...?

-- 
*************************************************************************
If you were smarter, you'd have these opinions....
*******************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55116
From: eesnyder@boulder.Colorado.EDU (Eric E. Snyder)
Subject: Denver Post Classifieds: No assault weapons



I came across the following notice in the Denver Post classified secction
this morning (April 26, 1993):

\begin{quote}

NOTICE:

The Denver Post will no longer knowingly accept any advertisement to buy
or sell assault weapons.  The Denver Post finds that the use of assault
weapons poses a threat to the health, safety, and security of its readers.

\end{quote}

Now I suppose the Post is within its rights to refuse such ads.  However,
the second sentence is so noxious, I feel compelled to bring it to the 
attention of the t.p.g/c.g readership.  

I called the Post classified number (825-2525) and expressed my displeasure. 
According to the supervisor I spoke to, the Post was reacting to public
complaints regarding the running of assult weapon ads.  However, she said
the paper was keeping track of the reaction to the change in policy.  I 
strongly encourage Denver Post readers to call and make their feelings known.

Eric E. Snyder                            
Department of MCD Biology              ...making feet for childrens' shoes.
University of Colorado, Boulder   
Boulder, Colorado 80309-0347

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55117
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks


|This was no MOVE fuck-up. A helicoptor was thermal-imaging the compound
|that afternoon and detected three fires erupting almost simultaneously.

Did anyone notice any helicopters equipped with thermal imaging 
equipment? They usually manifest themselves in a turret in the front
of the helo, or a sphere on top of the rotor with optical elements.

I didn't notice any UH-1s or other helos equipped as such. Did they
use handheld military thermal scanners? If so, there is no recording
capability, and hence the credibility of the report is subject to
human error.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55118
From: jagst18+@pitt.edu (Josh A Grossman)
Subject: Re: WACO burning

In article <C5v9Du.D76@acsu.buffalo.edu> v111qheg@ubvmsd.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION) writes:
>Not necessarily. If the body had been denatured (cooked) or dehydrated due
>to the heat, a projectile needs only a minimal kinetic force to penetrate.
>In fire aftermaths, bodies tend to fall apart or loose large chunks of
>meat with little effort. Medical Examiners tend not to like cleaning up
>such scenes. 
>
>As such, if the body had been suitably cooked, a bullet comming from a
>magazine explosion would more than likely have enough force to enter and
>thus it would be difficult to determine whether a bullet entered at the
>time of death, or much later, unless you were trained to look for the
>evidence. Texas Rangers are not pathologists. 
>
>P.Vasilion

This is quite corect, but a bullet hitting a burned body with little energy
will show virtually no deformation, ie a hollow point probably would not
expand, an FMJ would be "pristene".  Also the bullets will not be marked
with the lands ang grooves of a barrel, because they didn't come out of
one.  A good pathologist should be able to notice this right away.

Let us hope that the  ME's that handle these bodies are more competent
then the ones who did JFK's body.

JAG


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55119
From: aj359@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Christopher C. Morton)
Subject: Re: Nature of the Waco gas


In a previous article, dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard) says:

>Just heard on the network radio news a spokesman from the
>army saying that the type of CS gas used in Waco had been
>banned from military use.  Its use is also banned by a
>draft international agreement on the use of chemical
>weapons in warfare.
>
>The reason given was that the use causes extreme nausea,
>blindness, disorientation, total irrationality, raging paranoia.  

I don't know about the paranoia and irrationality, but the rest is
pretty close, all though you left out the inability to breath.  Of
course you can make a claim that people will do some fairly deranged
things to get away from it.  I've seen teenagers flatten 200lb. drill
sergeants to get out of tents full of it.  Which raises another
issue....

>Children would be all the more susceptible, and show the results all the
>earlier.  
>
>This is the stuff Janet Reno was told would be safe for children.

What they didn't mention is that IN THE OPEN, it probably wouldn't do
TOO MUCH harm to children, although I wouldn't use it in close proximity
to infants.  On the other hand, IN CONFINED spaces, the effects are
GREATLY intensified, to the point of LETHALITY, since a sufficient
quantity of CS will displace OXYGEN.  When running a CS chamber CAREFUL
attention is paid to ventilation.  I wonder if they checked to see if
any of the BDs were asthmatics or suffered from other respiratory
diseases.  I doubt it.

-- 
*************************************************************************
If you were smarter, you'd have these opinions....
*******************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55120
From: SBANKA@VM.TEMPLE.EDU
Subject: Two Questions

I'd appreciate any help anyone could give me on these two questions:
 
The Brady Bill was in the news throughout 1992 but what actually happened to
it in Congress?  Did Bush veto it?  If so, when?
 
Also, the state of Virginia, I believe, just passed a gun control bill on
Febrauary 25 of this year.  I think it limits gun purchases to one a month -
is this correct?  What was the bill number?
 
Anyone?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55121
From: jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu
Subject: BATF & FBI Do Right Thing in Waco

Everyone is complaining about the debacle in Waco. It is hard to 
understand all this angst. What happend there is nothing less than
what we wanted to happen. Why all the sour grapes ?

BATF was looking for a propaganda event to counteract their impending
budget cuts ... the attendance of the press at the initial big
commando raid is proof. It would have been ever so easier to grab
Koresh and his central followers as they shopped in Waco. Alas, no
propaganda value there. 

The FBI screwed-up big time, all the time. They should have never allowed
the situation to drag out like that. A quick second assault, before the
BDs could decide on a strategy, would have been the better plan. 

The BDs themselves were the biggest screw-ups though. They imagined
that US law and US law-enforcement had no jurisdiction within their
little 'country'. WRONG ! They had no right whatsoever to fire on
the BATF, and if they mistook their identity initially, they should
have surrendered at once when they did realize who they were. If the
BDs had a problem with the warrants, they take it to court, just like
the rest of us. If they wanted full-auto weapons, they could have
obtained the proper permits, just like the rest of us would need to
do. What they may NOT do is decide for themselves what US law applies
to themselves and which does not. They get their chance like the rest
of us - at the voting booth. 

If the BATF and FBI have become latter-day Gestapo, then they have
become that way because WE have desired them to be so. We get to
vote on laws, and on the lawmakers. By our choices over the years,
we have approved the creation and form of the BATF and FBI. When
the FBI was out chasing 'pinkos', the general public didn't seem
to mind a bit of extra-constitutional activity. When the BATF is
raiding militant black organizations, we don't mind the heavy hand.
When the FBI is dicking around with the rights of potheads, the
public doesn't mind. Suddenly, when we see a bit of ourselves in
the current 'enemy' choosen by these agencies, we get all bent out
of shape. SUPRISE ! You reap what you sow.

Waco was an encapsulation of the All-American experience - religious
fanaticism, militaristic thinking and overwhelming violence. Don't
blame it on 'them', the FBI and BATF. They were just acting within
the parameters we have set over the years. We made 'them'. We ARE 'them'.

-- Jim Mason 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55122
From: jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

In article <2077@rwing.UUCP>, pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto) writes:
> I am sick, dismayed, discouraged.  And ASHAMED of our Administration.
> 
> It looks like the US now has their own little Tienamen Square.  The
> FBI is portraying Korash as a psychopath, doing a deliberate mass suicide,
> etc.  Possibly.  Possibly not.  I don't believe that the tear gas used
> [...]
> God Bless America - Land of the Free!!!  (past tense).
> 
> Well, maybe I AM overreacting.  But I see on the TV as I am typing where
> govt spoksewoman (the new attorney general, known to be almost rabid
> about private ownership of guns - wants to ban 'assault guns' and just
> about everything else), is saying the FBI had "amazing restraint", then
> falls back into the official goverenment line about how the BD were
> guity of child abuse, and were into it in an on-going basis, and so on.
> [...]
> Am I having a vain hope that an honest investigation will occur on this
> thing?  Or will it simply be whitewashed under the rug, and Business
> as Usual will continue to be the Order of the Day in the New Order?
> Who will be given the official title of "Thought Police", I wonder...?

	What a load of crap ! The BDs had absolutely NO RIGHT to fire
	upon the BATF agents. If they didn't know who they were at
	first, then they should have surrendered immediately when they
	did realize who they were dealing with. Little groups of loonies
	do not get to decide just what laws they will obey or disobey
	or what sorts of warrants are justified. Like the rest of us,
	they get their say at the voting booth and if their personal
	wants are not backed by the majority of voters, then too bad.
	If they wanted to keep automatic weapons, then they could apply
	for the proper permits. If they had a problem with the warrant
	then they get to argue that in court. In no event do they get
	to establish their own little nation inside our own and pretend
	that our laws and law-enforcement personel have no jurisdiction
	within their borders. You live on US territory, you live by
	US laws - period. (unless you are a congressman)

	Sure, the situation was handled badly by both the BATF and
	the FBI. It would have been all so easy to detain Koresh and
	his core members while they were out in the streets of Waco.
	The BATF, threatened with budget cuts, was trying for a
	propaganda coup ... and dragging the press along for the big
	commando-style assault is proof of that. They should be
	roasted for both their imcompetance and their mindset. On the
	other hand, they DID have the legal right to do what they did.
	Once the attack was begun, they should have pressed on and
	finished it rather than let an interminable situation like that
	take root. 

	The FBI also used poor judgement in a number of ways - but again,
	the laws we voters have approved, or the lawmakers who created
	them, gave them the right to do what they did. If BATF and
	the FBI are latter-day Gestapo, it is because the voters have
	allowed them to become that way. Waco was pure Americana -
	militarist mentality, religious fanaticism and unadulterated
	violence all rolled into one experience. We get what we pay
	for, or vote for, and this was the result of many choices
	we have made over the years. Don't blame 'them' - blame 
	ourselves. We made 'them', we ARE 'them'. 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55123
From: f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu
Subject: Re: Arlen Specter's address?

In article <1993Apr22.142540.20687@icd.ab.com>, kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead) writes:
> Anybody got Arlen Spectre's address?  I want to write to him and thank him
> for showing the leadership to demand a Congressional investigation
> into the Waco mess.
> 
> Ken

	You are talking about the man who as a federal attorney did so
much to frustrate the proper investigation of the JFK assassination by
the House sub-committee on assassinations.  Fox and hen house???


*   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 Joe Gaut                    |   In the super-state, it really does not
 <f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu> |   matter at all what actually happened.
     Remember the Alamo      |   Truth is what the government chooses to 
       Remember Waco         |   tell you.  Justice is what it wants to happen.
                                        --Jim Garrison, New Orleans, La.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55124
From: meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers)
Subject: Re: H.R. 893

In article <C5qEqv.1px@cbnews.cb.att.com> lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:
[Posting the text of H.R. 893 ...]
[ ... ]
>8         "(s)(1)(A) It shall be unlawful for any person to pos-
>9   sess an assault weapon, unless the weapon was lawfully
[page break]
>1   and continuously possessed by the person since before the 
>2   date of the enactment of this subsection.

OB ill-wind-and-all-that:  with Bill the Prez in there, at least the
anti-gunners are out of the closet.  The provision that any existing
so-called "assault weapons" die with their current owners was worked
into H.R. 3371 (102nd Congress bill number) a couple of years ago,
in a complicated way that the anti's claimed was a "drafting error."

Can't call 'em "lying bastards" any longer.  (Not all the time ...  :-)
--------
Gridlock, the only mechanism ever to succeed in
slowing down the growth rate of Big Government.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55125
From: kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead)
Subject:  Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

[snip]....

draughn@iitmax.iit.edu (Mark Draughn) writes:


>The President is not competent to plan or judge the planning of such a
>raid, nor does he need to be.  His job is to set basic policies and
>manage the people under him.  If Clinton instructed Reno to preserve
>lives, and if she confirmed that the plan for the raid was a safe as
>could be, then he did his job.  The President should not involve
>himself in the minor details of these kinds of operations.  This sort
>of micromanagement only leads to disaster, as was demonstrated so well
>in Vietnam.

>But the raid went bad:  Over 80 civilians have been killed in a
>controntation with U.S. authorities.

>NOW Clinton enters the picture in a big way.  Will Clinton start an
>investigation?  Or will he try to squash any attempt to investigate?
>Is he a responsible leader?  Or is he only interested in protecting
>the image of his administration?

>We'll all find out as this unfolds.


	Excellent point, Mark.  We should all remember that if Nixon
	hadn't tried to cover up the misguided actions of some of his
	subordinates in the Watergate burglary, the scandal would
	never have brought down his presidency.  So far, Klinton seems
	to be stonewalling this the same way Tricky Dick did.  His whole
	case seems to be "we didn't do anything wrong".  However, if
	in the course of the investigation it turns out that the
	gov't DID do something wrong, and he tried to cover it up,
	then that's an impeachable crime, I believe...  

	Perhaps he is inadvertently cooking up his own scandal...  Can you 
	say "Wacogate", little neighbor?...   ;-)



  *************************************************************************
 *   Ya know, this being part of the "loyal opposition" is kinda fun for   *
 *   a change.  I sure am glad I get to bitch about Clinton rather than    *
 *   having to be one of those poor saps stuck trying to defend him.  I    *
 *   wonder how Michael Kinsley likes being part of the Establishment? :)  * 
  *************************************************************************
Ken Whitehead (kdw@odin.icd.ab.com)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55126
From: wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf)
Subject: Re: WACO burning

In article <9753@blue.cis.pitt.edu> jagst18+@pitt.edu (Josh A Grossman) writes:
>In article <C5v9Du.D76@acsu.buffalo.edu> v111qheg@ubvmsd.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION) writes:
>>Not necessarily. If the body had been denatured (cooked) or dehydrated due
>>to the heat, a projectile needs only a minimal kinetic force to penetrate.
>>In fire aftermaths, bodies tend to fall apart or loose large chunks of
>>meat with little effort. Medical Examiners tend not to like cleaning up
>>such scenes. 
>>
>>As such, if the body had been suitably cooked, a bullet comming from a
>>magazine explosion would more than likely have enough force to enter and
>>thus it would be difficult to determine whether a bullet entered at the
>>time of death, or much later, unless you were trained to look for the
>>evidence. Texas Rangers are not pathologists. 
>>
>>P.Vasilion
>
>This is quite corect, but a bullet hitting a burned body with little energy
>will show virtually no deformation, ie a hollow point probably would not
>expand, an FMJ would be "pristene".  Also the bullets will not be marked
>with the lands ang grooves of a barrel, because they didn't come out of
>one.  A good pathologist should be able to notice this right away.
>
>Let us hope that the  ME's that handle these bodies are more competent
>then the ones who did JFK's body.
>
>JAG
>
Speaking of ME's. The FBI said the fire victims were found face-up
<fire victims, apparently, are usually found face down> 
suggesting they died prior to the fire. The ME says, in a word,
BULLSHIT, the victims WERE face down. The FBI says they sent a body
of a victim that was shot, supposedly by BD guards, the ME
says, in a word, BULLSHIT, the body showed NO evidence of gunshot
wounds. Can the ATF/FBI tell the difference between CYA and truth?



-- 
 +   Wayne J. Warf -- WWARF@ucs.indiana.edu -- I speak for myself only   +
 |*Clinton*Gore*CIA*FBI*DEA*Assassinate*Bomb*WoD*BoR*ATF*IRS*Resist*NSA* |
 |*Christian*God*Satan*Apocalypse*ZOG*Nazi*Socialist*Communist*Explosive*|
 +*fundamentalist*revolution*NSC*Federal Reserve*Constitution*gold*FEMA* +

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55231
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1993Apr23.034910.23729@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>,
andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:

[many lines deleted]
>>subject.  It is kind of funny though how you were the only one who picked up
>>the part about my sister being a social worker and keeping me up to date on  e
>th
>>gang thing.  Everyone else seemed to just skim by that part.
>
>Actually, those of us who have experience with social workers pointedly
>ignored it.

Ah, here Freeman is being prejudiced (look it up and see what I mean Freeman).
Here Freeman is pre-judging someone before he knows all of the facts.  Guess
it can happen to the best (and in his case the worst) of us.

>
>Quit while you're behind,
>-andy
>--
Freeman thinks I am behind when actually I am quite on top of things.  The
point he seems to be missing now is that after a certain point accuracy can be
very tedious and ridiculous.  See Freeman's next post for an explanation.


Jason - u28037@uicvm.cc.uic.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55232
From: djh4484@zeus.tamu.edu (HARTY, DANIEL JOSEPH)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1993Apr16.010235.14225@mtu.edu>, cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter) writes...
>In article <C5Bu9M.2K7@ulowell.ulowell.edu>
>jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) wrote:
> 
>> In article <1q96tpINNpcn@gap.caltech.edu> arc@cco.caltech.edu
>> (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:>> >The Second Amendment is a guarantee of the right to bear arms.  Clearly
>> >and unequivocally, without infringement.

   I saw this nifty drawn out posting and I thought I might give the two of you
   a little help with your problem. As you both know what you posted,(and this 
   foolish thing gave me so much shit last time I tried to post) I took the 
   liberty of deleting all but the header and a single quote. I hope you don't
   mind.

   As written the second ammendment states rather clearly for anyone who can
   read the following:

 "  A well regulated militia, being necessarry to the security of a free state,
   the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."

  What is regulated? Regulated means "controlled"! How about security?
  Well hey! That would be along the lines of being and feeling safe wouldn't
  it? Wow! We have a concept forming here don't we!? Now what have we left?
  "the right of the people people people people people people people (sorry
  got kinda hungup there) shall NOT be infringed" Oops! Backup there,hmmm..
  "infringed"....That'd be like Interfered with, altered, changed or
  watered down in any way,shape or form! So! What we have here in it's big old
  long winded version would be.

  " A well controlled militia, being necessary to the secure/safe feeling of
  state, the right of the PEOPLE to keep and bear arms shall not be Fucked
  with in any way shape or form by some happy ass good for nothing in 
  some piddly government building who wants to run my life in the pursuit of
  his happiness!" The item is clear and concise in it's present form my young 
  friend! It does not need my clarification or that of any other. THIS IS
  ONLY AMMENDMENT which guarantees the continued existence of the others.
  It's whole purpose is to give people recourse against the military machine
  of a government which fails to properly represent it's creators!US!

>    James Madison, Federalist Paper 41 (regarding the "General
>    Welfare" clause): "Nothing is more natural nor common than first
>    to use a general phrase, and then to explain and qualify it by a
>    recital of particulars."


ANY REPLIES OR COMMENTS CAN BE SENT TOO KANE.    DJH4484@RIGEL.TAMU.EDU

"No representative government need fear it's armed citizens"

"Death to Tyrants!"

"The only thing we have to fear......Is Me!"


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55233
From: wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf)
Subject: Re: Your Evil Tax Dollars at Work, was RE: ATF BURNS RANCH ETC ETC...

In article <93112.230800MBS110@psuvm.psu.edu> Mark 'Mark' Sachs <MBS110@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
>In article <93112.153005MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU>,
><MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU> says:
>>From A.P. :  According to numerous accounts by those in the compound,
>>the fire was started by an armoured vehicle crushing a large propane
>>tank, and turning over numerous gas lanterns.
>
>Oh? Then why did the smoke and flames start from three different places?
>In particular, three different places where there were no APV's?
>
And just where is the evidence for this? FBI sayso. The Texas Medical
Examiner refuted 2 of their lies today.


>And if the government did start the fire, then why weren't people trying
>to get out of the compound?

Let me put you in a building, pump in CS, knock the walls down around
you and see how fast you find an exit.

>And besides... oh, I don't know why I'm even bothering.
>
I don't know why either, you're willing to swallow everything fed you.
Good boy.

>>I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem willing to accept
>>the governments story, despite much evidence to the contrary.
>
>I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem eager to believe
>a murderous, heavily-armed religious cult, despite much evidence to the
>contrary. Thought Experiment: Suppose this exact same thing happened under
>the Bush administration. What would your answer be then? Would you still
>prefer to believe the cultists?

Oh a Clinton apologist, why didn't you *say* so.

>(No, I don't really expect a response to that challenge.)
>
>>But then
>>again, that is how Mr. Clinton was elected, by people who believe that
>>his campaign promisses would be respected by him once he got into office.
>
>Um, isn't that how all politicians are elected?
>
>>If people will believe that of any politican, it is little wonder they
>>will believe all of the factoids being given out as fact by the
>>Clinton/Reno/FBI/BATF confederation.
>
>So is there any particular reason the gummint decided to slaughter eighty
>people? Are they, like, just plain evil, or what? Did they just wake up
>one day, stretch and yawn, and throw a dart at a map of the United States
>to figure out who to oppress that day? I'm eager to know.

The kgBATF was expecting a quick victory while the cameras rolled,
however, they were the only ones with a script.

>And does Bill Clinton have cooler theme music than Darth Vader? How is he
>on diabolical laughter? Does he look good in a cape? These things MUST be
>investigated. You first.

Hey, you're the apologist, *you* tell us.

>   "...so I propose that we destroy the moon, neatly solving that problem."
>[Your blood pressure just went up.]        Mark Sachs IS: mbs110@psuvm.psu.edu
>   DISCLAIMER: If PSU knew I had opinions, they'd try to charge me for them.


-- 
 +   Wayne J. Warf -- WWARF@ucs.indiana.edu -- I speak for myself only   +
 |*Clinton*Gore*CIA*FBI*DEA*Assassinate*Bomb*WoD*BoR*ATF*IRS*Resist*NSA* |
 |*Christian*God*Satan*Apocalypse*ZOG*Nazi*Socialist*Communist*Explosive*|
 +*fundamentalist*revolution*NSC*Federal Reserve*Constitution*gold*FEMA* +

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55234
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1993Apr23.044544.24559@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>,
andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:

This is where Freeman's love of accuracy becomes really ridiculous.
>
>Good - now let's look at those sections.  They'll prove my point.

[his point was that it is possible under certain circumstances for many people
to carry concealed in Illinois]
>
>>     (a)  A person commits the offense of unlawful use of weapons when he
>>knowingly:
>>
>>(4)  Carries or possesses in any vehicle or CONCEALED on or about his person
>>     except when on his land or in his own abode or fixed place of business
>>     any pistol, revolver, stun gun or taser or other firearm;
>
>Note that this doesn't affect all concealed carry.  (Look after the
>word "except".)  It always helps to read the law before commenting on
>it.
>
I did read the law before I commented on it.  Judging from replies I received
about my "Semantics on t.p.g" post many (if not most) people here on t.p.g
assume that when CCW laws are asked about the person is asking about the
possibility of an ordinary citizen getting one.  It would also follow that said
person would get the CCW to carry on his/her person away from their home and/or
business.



>Would a prudent storekeeper carry concealed?  How about someone at
>home?  Note that both are legal, and a lot of "common" people qualify
>for one or the other.
>
>-andy
>--

Maybe Freeman did prove his point but his point is not relevant.  The thing
that most people seem to care about when they ask questions about carrying
a concealed weapon is whether or not they can carry it concealed on their
person when they are out on the street somewhere.  I'm sure that not many
people are concerned with whether or not they can carry concealed at home.
Speaking as someone who lives in Illinois (the only place where the above
quoted law is relevant :-)) I know that it is legal to own a handgun here (I
am not taking into account city ordinances).  I could care less about whether
or not I can carry concealed at home.         I only care about the fact that
I can't carry concealed in the place where it really counts- out on the street.
Freeman loves to be accurate and I can understand that (especially not) but he
seems to be forgetting that accurate facts don't always replace common sense.
I am not going to followup to this thread anymore because I believe that it is
useless to argue these points anymore.  The only thing that is happening now
is that Freeman and I are "running around in circles" trying to prove each
other wrong and I do not have the time to be playing games anymore.  Of course
now Freeman will attack me about my use of common sense in some of my earlier
posts but what can I do.  My only advice for Freeman - quit being so picky
about accuracy sometimes and use your common sense; it really does work some-
times.

Jason - u28037@uicvm.cc.uic.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55235
From: atfurman@cup.portal.com (A T Furman)
Subject: Re: The LAW of RETRIBUTION

Steve Hix writes:

>Is there NOWHERE on the net that this guy WILL NOT POST?
>
>Not to mention, is there ANYWHERE that he makes any
>SENSE?!

Of course there is.

Perhaps the Vogons will put in a hyperspace bypass so that he can get there.


    Alan T. Furman         | Don't blame me -- I voted Libertarian
---------------------------+----------------------------------------
  atfurman@cup.portal.com  |   (800)682-1776 for more information

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55238
From:  ()
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <C5yCou.M5B@cbnewse.cb.att.com>, random@cbnewse.cb.att.com
(David L. Pope) wrote:
> 
> From article <1993Apr23.153005.8237@starbase.trincoll.edu>, by  ():
> 
> > 
> > I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
> > and M-16's/AR-15's and banging/marrying thirteen yuear (sic) olds. 
> 
> So out of the numerous baptists that you hang around with you haven't
> seen any of the above behavior? Which trait (stocking food for more
> than a week, or owning a firearm) is the definition of a cult? What
> proof ( aside from David's aquittal ) leads you to believe that any
> "banging/marrying" of thirteen year olds was going on? Does your
> wife know that you equate 'marriage' with 'banging'?

(sic) Oh, you're really bright. As if nobody would have understood it was a
typo.

Several parents with children who either had at one time or currently were
inside the compound made the aforementioned charges. One parent actually
spoke about said charges (in reference to his 13-year old daughter) WITH
Koresh on the phone.

You missed my point entirely.

> 
> > You're a sorry
> > son of a bitch if you can't draw a distinction between these two things.
> 
> Since this guy doesn't like the concept of freedom of religion, he's
> going to insult you AND your mom!

Since you're unable to formulate a cogent response, you make a lame joke.

> 
> > People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend
> > sociopaths who aren't deserved of it. Get a life and chill on the
> > paranoia.
> 
> Sociopath - person with asocial or antisocial beahavior.
> Sociopaths - 200 persons, all who can't stand other people, sharing
>              the same ranch-house.

Anti-social. Normally meaning a response against societal norms. Stealing
is sociopathic behavior. It's not an oxymoron to have a GROUP of
SOCIOPATHS. I guess you're NOT a psychologist. Oh well...

> 
> > joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu
>                                 ^^^---It all suddenly becomes clear.

Maybe YOU should get an education, my man.

> 
> Why does everyone discover the Net in the spring?

Why won't some assholes use a sig so I can send them mail instead of
wasting bandwidth?

> 
> 	Random
> 	

joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55239
From:  ()
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1ra0i5$h69@transfer.stratus.com>, cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D.
Tavares) wrote:
>
> > Perhaps you've been under a rock since, say, the turn of the century. How
> > in the #$^& is one man supposed to review every single freaking
> > governmental action, every day? That's why we have an executive branch. HE
> > reviewed the plan and said "go," but he wasn't the architect and he wasn't
> > there, bullhorn in hand, implementing it. Yes, he was responsible in the
> > sense that he was briefed. So what! Shit happens. 
> 
> Hey, joe -- assuming you're old enough to remember it -- how did you feel
> about presidential responsibility every time Reagan said "I don't recall" 
> about his arms-for-hostages meetings with the Ollie North gang?
> 
> How did you feel about it when Bush said he "was out of the loop on that
> decision" when he was right there in the thick of it?
> 
> Oh, right.  "He was responsible in the sense that he was briefed, but so
> what -- shit happens!"  Is that what you said?

Of course not. There's more than a little difference between formulating
foreign policy and overseeing the ATF's handling of a scenario involving a
group of religious fanatics. Why do people compare apples and oranges?

joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55240
From: 6820230@LMSC5.IS.LMSC.LOCKHEED.COM
Subject: heidi@lmsc.lockheed.com

------------------------- Original Article -------------------------

The Colorado Daily recently reprinted the Wall Street Journal's article
on Paxton Quigley, including the nefarious little paragraph the Journal
tacked onto the end.  After recieving much assistance from various T.P.G.
type folks, I wrote a letter to the editor criticizing this last paragraph,
and surprise, surprise, surprise, they published it.  The text follows.
The Colorado Daily, btw, is the University of Colorado (Boulder) student
(I think) newspaper... not exactly a big coup, but every little bit, i guess...

(The title was the only thing they changed/added)

"Gun Stats"

The Daily recently reprinted an article from the
Wall Street Journal, primarily concerned with Paxton
Quigley, author of "Armed and Female."  The article,
in turn, cites a misleading statistic that was originally
reported in the New England Journal of Medicine.  The
article states, "A study... found that a gun in the home
was 43 times more likely to be used to kill its owner,
spouse, a friend, or child than to kill an intruder."  This
is an often-quoted statistic, and it is misleading for sev-
eral reasons, outlined below:

The study gives the impression that, if you own a
gun, the likelihood that you will successfully use it to
defend yourself is less than that of the gun being turned
against you.  The study, however, fails to take into
account cases where a law-abiding citizen uses a gun
to thwart a crime, without actually killing the perpe-
trator.

The study actually refers to 'acquaintances' rather
than 'friend'.  This would include the friendly neigh-
borhood thug who shows up like clockwork, every
month, the second your grandmother cashes her social
security check.  Possibly an acquaintance, but hardly a
friend.

The NEJM study is based on the immediate dis-
position of cases and fails to take into account cases
originally filed as homicides that were later ruled to be
self-defense.  Especially considering the small sample
size (396), taking these events into account has a sub-
stantial effect on the 43:1 ratio quoted.

Criminologist Gary Kleck gives us a slightly dif-
erent statistic: a gun is 33 times more likely to be
used, successfully, by a private citizen against an
aggressor than it is to kill anyone at all.  Further, per-
sons defending themselves from aggression by using a
gun fare better than those who resist vicimization by
some other means, or who offer no resistance at all.
Statistics available from the FBI and other agencies
also show that a gun is 245 times more likely to be
used by a non-criminal to defend against criminal threat
than to be used to commit criminal homicide, 535 times
more likely to be used to defend against a criminal
threat than to accidentally kill anybody, and 50 times
more likely to defend against criminal threat than to be
used to commit suicide.

It is well to keep in mind that nearly anything can
be proved by uncritical quotation of statistics.  One has
to consider carefully what questions were asked by
those gathering the data before one can draw an accu-
rate conclusion from them.

D.F. Taylor
CU Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry


--
Spooksmoke: Revolution, Assasination, Thorium, Cobalt-60, Clintin, CIA, NSA, SHC
  DoD #202 / loki@acca.nmsu.edu / liberty or death / taylordf@ucsu.colorado.edu
                 Send me something even YOU can't read...
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.2

mQCNAitfksQAAAEEAKceEjWI9f5KMJyKP0LOgC5dGHRpbMY2xhOo8kpEHMDyuf8a
1BfDQSj53kosTz6HRoshSDzLVuL1/40vPjmMNtFR+vyZ4jvd3rL4iuq2umMmex3M
itf3uLt8Xn/v/QAbsvhcFSHVJVK4Lf6wosuCMO03m2TiX31AI7VB0Uzo4yXjAAUX
tCREYW5pZWwgRiBUYXlsb3IgPExva2lAYWNjYS5ubXN1LmVkdT4=
=S5ib
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55241
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: Gun Buy Back

In article <16BB8E4C0.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu> R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu writes:
>In article <1r6qqcINN8j4@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:
>>Any death is serious.  Wanna discuss match control?  Firearms related
>>unintentional deaths among children ages 14 and under are the fault of one or
>>more negligent persons, not the gun.
>
>No, I don't want to discuss match control.  I don't equate a book of matches
>to a loaded 9 millimeter either.

And you shouldn't, as the matches kill more kids.  So why are you bleating
about guns?

>say that tired old NRA line "Guns don't kill people, people kill people".

It may be tired, but it is true.

>Sure, people can kill people without guns.  But easy access to guns makes it
>a lot more convenient.  "Guns don't kill people, People with easy access to
>guns kill people".

No, that's not right either.  People who have both easy access and the
desire to kill, kill people.  Considering that people who have the
desire to kill turn that into easy access ....  (Haven't you folks
learned anything from either Prohibition or the war on drugs?)

If you don't affect the desire, you're wasting your time, not to
mention the other costs incurred.

>    Jim, I'm just saying how it is.  I'm not saying if that is a good thing
>or not. From the police who I have talked with who run some of these gun
>buyback programs, I get the impression that they really think they are
>having an impact on the community.

Good for them.  I note that the TM folks make the same argument.  If
you'll pay their expesnses ($21 million for a reasonable size city),
they promise to meditate away all crime, disease, etc.  At least
they're not promising to jail me if I don't go along with their little
plan - they're going to just sit in a room and fly, leaving me alone.

>gun violence whether its effective or not.  Look, if you can't measure
>the impact of these programs using some sort of pre-test and post-test
>evaluation, what is the point?  It must be symbolic in nature.

Ah, but we have evaluated gun control using before-after and it
doesn't work to reduce crime.  What is the point?  We can't claim that
it is symbolic, as people do get jailed.

>The police are
>essentially saying "look, if you have a gun lying around and you don't
>want it, we'll give you $50 for it...because we care about the community".

No, they're essentially saying "we hope this will keep you from
noticing that we're not doing anything useful".  Pissing away
resources isn't "caring".

>If you, I and Joe could think of a way to measure the effectiveness or
>ineffectiveness of these programs we could become rich and famous.

Nope, you'll merely be ignored, as Wright, Rossi, and Daly were after
finishing "Under the Gun".  They were supposed to prove that gun
control worked, so ....

>> Jim, listen to me, I said I'M NOT RELIGIOUS WHATSOEVER, do you understand?
>
>  Religion has nothing to do with this.  I could care less what religion
>they were okay?  To put children in that situation is wrong, pure and
>simple.  Difference is good Jim, I am the most progressive and diverse
>person in the world.  But, if different is allowing kids to be exposed
>to tanks and tear-gas, then yes Jim, DIFFERENT IS WRONG.

So, who gassed them?  Given their previous experience with thugs who
threw grenades before yelling "we're from the govt and we're here to
help you", would a rational person think that the feds had their best
interests at heart?  Would you "know" that the gas was "non-lethal"?

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55246
From: cmort@NCoast.ORG (Christopher Morton)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

As quoted from <1993Apr17.025258.7013@microsoft.com> by anthonyf@microsoft.com (Anthony Francisco):

> cmort:
> | If anybody wanted proof of the nonsense of the "you can't build guns" claim,
> | they need look no farther than the Philippines.  Amateur gunsmiths there
> | regularly produce everything from .45 automatics to full auto shotguns.  Now
> | if this guy wants to claim that the Philippines is either technologically
> | superior to the US or that their transportation is better than ours, all I
> | can say is that he's living in a fantasy world.
> 
> Unfortunately a few of those .45s blow up in your hands.

That's life.  First you marry Imelda Marcos, then you die! :)

> On the other hand, my compatriots built an excellent copy of a Beretta that
> I enjoyed using when I lived in the Philippines. Hmmmm.

And that's the HARD stuff to copy!

-- 
===================================================================
"You're like a bunch of over-educated, New York jewish ACLU lawyers
fighting to eliminate school prayer from the public schools in
Arkansas" - Holly Silva

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55247
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <2071@rwing.UUCP> pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto) writes:
>What I find so hard to understand is how come some people, apparantly
>NOT connected with government or otherwise privileged, will
>go to great lengths, redefinitions, re-interpretations, in a full-bore
>attempt to THROW AWAY THE PROTECTION OF THEIR OWN RIGHTS under the
>Constitution!!!
>Almost makes me think of lemmings running into the sea during a lemming
>year...
>I really wonder that Jefferson and Madison would say to these folks?

They'd probably quote Montesque (sp?) who was once asked if Russia
was likely to become a democracy any time soon: "No, because
Russia is a nation of slaves and the people get what they deserve."
Since he said that, Russia has changed a great deal. But so, 
unfortunately have other nations.

                                                 Frank Crary
                                                 CU Boulder

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55248
From: alane@microsoft.com (Alan Ezekiel)
Subject: Re: WACO burning

v111qheg@ubvmsb.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION) writes:
>hallam@zeus02.desy.de writes...
>
>>The B.B.C. are also reporting that bodies of B-D members were found
>>with bullet wounds in a manner that suggests they may have been shot
>>attempting to leave the compound during the fire.
>
>Can you imagine what happens when a magazine explodes? Bullets go flying every
>where. IMHO, these "gunshot wounds" were actually caused when the magazines 
>went up.

Unlikely.  Ammunition is not as dangerous when simply burned as it
is when fired from a gun.  The brass case is not capable of holding
the pressure generated by burning powder, and will (unless supported
by the walls of a gun barrel or chamber) simply split open.  While
this may cause small pieces of brass to fly around, it will not
propel the bullet with any significant velocity.

In fact, it was not uncommon in years past to dispose of old loaded
cartridges by burning them.  As long as you were not close enough
to take a piece of flying brass in the eye, you were reasonably safe.

Thus, the detonation of loaded magazines or loose rounds might cause
slight injury but would be unlikely to cause fatal bullet wounds.

                               -- Alane --
   /-----------------------------------------------------------------\
  /   NOBODY shares my opinions,    |    "I am a jelly doughnut"      \
 /    especially not my employer    |    -- President John F Kennedy   \
/-----------------------------------------------------------------------\

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55249
From: alane@microsoft.com (Alan Ezekiel)
Subject: Re: The Dayton Gun "Buy Back" (Re: Boston Gun Buy Back)

>lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:
>
>>According to WNCI 97.9 FM radio this morning, Dayton, Ohio is operating a
>>gun "buy back".  They are giving $50 for every functional gun turned in.
>>They ran out of money in one day, and are now passing out $50 vouchers of
>>some sort.  They are looking for more funds to keep operating.  Another
>>media-event brought to you by HCI.
>>
>>Is there something similar pro-gun people can do ?  For example, pay $100
>>to anyone who lawfully protects their life with a firearm ?  Sounds a bit
>>tacky, but hey, whatever works.

As David Veal points out, this sort of "promotion" would be used
against gun owners by the mass media.

However, here is my proposal: offer gun safety classes in your area,
free, as a community service.  Such a class would normally cost $40
or $50, so offering it free is a good promotion.

Our Gun Club has organized several of these (we just finished
teaching another one last night, in fact) and they have been
very well received.  We get a lot of people who are novices
interested in guns.  We even get a few who are anti-gun, but
feel they should know something about "gun safety" since members
of their family keep guns at home.

Teaching such a course gives us many desirable benefits:

(1) We have the chance to teach gun safety rules; this increases
    firearm awareness and may help to reduce gun accident stats.

(2) A "gun safety" class is Politically Correct, and likely to
    be viewed positively by the public and the media.

(3) Most of the students are 'normal people' (not gun enthusiasts)
    and this kind of class gives us the chance to give them a
    gentle introduction to firearms.

(4) Some of the students are enthusiastic, and will purchase a gun
    and become more involved in shooting or personal defense.

(5) It improves the public perception of our club and gun owners
    in general.  Our students see that we are all reasonable,
    non-aggressive, soft-spoken people, which helps to mitigate
    the standard image of a hardcore gun owner.  Even anti-gun
    students sometimes tell us they have "something new to think
    about" with regards to personal gun ownership.

(6) Sharing our experience with others is a lot of fun.

Our course is the standard NRA-certified "Home Firearm Safety"
class, and our students pay only $5 for materials.  We also
teach the NRA's "Personal Protection" class, although the cost
is higher for that one since we have to purchase range time.

I think firearms safety classes are an excellent response to
gun buy-backs.

                               -- Alane --
   /-----------------------------------------------------------------\
  /   NOBODY shares my opinions,    |    "I am a jelly doughnut"      \
 /    especially not my employer    |    -- President John F Kennedy   \
/-----------------------------------------------------------------------\

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55250
From: Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no>
Subject: Re: Change of name ??



	CAN you read ??
	If so: read my posting about Quisling OR look in a dictionary.
	If not: Don't read this :)


			Thomas

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55251
From: PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU (David Veal)
Subject: Re: BATF & FBI Do Right Thing in Waco

In article <1993Apr21.223541.2353@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu>
jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
 
>Everyone is complaining about the debacle in Waco. It is hard to
>understand all this angst. What happend there is nothing less than
>what we wanted to happen. Why all the sour grapes ?
 
       Cute word angst.  Conveys volumes.
 
       I'd be interested in this particular definition of "we."  It's
such a fluid pronoun.
 
>BATF was looking for a propaganda event to counteract their impending
>budget cuts ... the attendance of the press at the initial big
>commando raid is proof. It would have been ever so easier to grab
>Koresh and his central followers as they shopped in Waco. Alas, no
>propaganda value there.
>
>The FBI screwed-up big time, all the time. They should have never allowed
>the situation to drag out like that. A quick second assault, before the
>BDs could decide on a strategy, would have been the better plan.
>
>The BDs themselves were the biggest screw-ups though. They imagined
>that US law and US law-enforcement had no jurisdiction within their
>little 'country'. WRONG !
 
       The BD were a paranoid little cult out in the middle of nowhere,
which all of a sudden had their worst paranoid fears reinforced.
 
       Joy.
 
>They had no right whatsoever to fire on
>the BATF, and if they mistook their identity initially, they should
>have surrendered at once when they did realize who they were.
 
       Yes, they probably should have, although how many paranoid
nuts can say they held off the feds for 51 days?
 
>If the
>BDs had a problem with the warrants, they take it to court, just like
>the rest of us. If they wanted full-auto weapons, they could have
>obtained the proper permits, just like the rest of us would need to
>do. What they may NOT do is decide for themselves what US law applies
>to themselves and which does not. They get their chance like the rest
>of us - at the voting booth.
 
        The voting booth is highly over-rated.  People need to get up
off their lazy butts more than every year or every two years.  Hell,
most don't even do that.
 
>If the BATF and FBI have become latter-day Gestapo, then they have
>become that way because WE have desired them to be so.
 
        No, because "we" have decided that it doesn't make enough
difference to "us" to get up and do something.  That's something,
for instance, a lot of people who go speak against gun control
bills at their local government.  Dozens of "pro-gun" speakers
show up and few if any antis do, but  they often win anyway.
 
        Why?  Because it doesn't matter who shows up, it matters
who's willing to scream afterwards.  And it isn't that most people
give a damn one way of the other, but that they don't.  Nobody
gives a damn about anybody beyond their own little worlds.
 
>We get to
>vote on laws, and on the lawmakers. By our choices over the years,
>we have approved the creation and form of the BATF and FBI. When
>the FBI was out chasing 'pinkos', the general public didn't seem
>to mind a bit of extra-constitutional activity.
 
       The general public's usually not even read the constitution.
And what they have learned is a distorted picture of the whole thing.
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal  University of Tennessee Division of Continuing Education
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed\
When you pushed me down the elevator shaft\ ... Sometimes I get to
thinking you don't love me anymore." - "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55256
From: icsgh339@Msu.oscs.montana.edu
Subject: newbie

This is my first time on the network, but I am very concerned with this
incident in Waco.  I will refrain from stating my opinions until after I have
read the FAQ.  Could someone tell me how to get this?  I must say that I
believe the Govt. was wrong in the actions that they took in this situation.

Portenier           icsgh339@trex.oscs.montana.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55258
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1993Apr26.172903.12436@starbase.trincoll.edu>  () writes:
> In article <C5yCou.M5B@cbnewse.cb.att.com>, random@cbnewse.cb.att.com
> (David L. Pope) wrote:
> > 
> > From article <1993Apr23.153005.8237@starbase.trincoll.edu>, by  ():
> > 
> > > 
> > > I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
> > > and M-16's/AR-15's and banging/marrying thirteen yuear (sic) olds. 
> > 
> > So out of the numerous baptists that you hang around with you haven't
> > seen any of the above behavior? Which trait (stocking food for more
> > than a week, or owning a firearm) is the definition of a cult? What
> > proof ( aside from David's aquittal ) leads you to believe that any
> > "banging/marrying" of thirteen year olds was going on? Does your
> > wife know that you equate 'marriage' with 'banging'?
> 
> (sic) Oh, you're really bright. As if nobody would have understood it was a
> typo.

That was a reasonable insertion, so folks would know "Random" hadn't made an  
error reposting your message.  No one was flaming you for the typo.

> 
> Several parents with children who either had at one time or currently were
> inside the compound made the aforementioned charges. One parent actually
> spoke about said charges (in reference to his 13-year old daughter) WITH
> Koresh on the phone.

I have heard such claims from disgruntled former members.  Could be true, who  
knows.  No proof.  And what does all this have to do with the BATF and FBI  
actions?
> 
> You missed my point entirely.
> 

No, you missed his.

> > 
> > > You're a sorry
> > > son of a bitch if you can't draw a distinction between these two things.
> > 
> > Since this guy doesn't like the concept of freedom of religion, he's
> > going to insult you AND your mom!
> 
> Since you're unable to formulate a cogent response, you make a lame joke.
> 
> > 
> > > People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend
> > > sociopaths who aren't deserved of it. Get a life and chill on the
> > > paranoia.
> > 
> > Sociopath - person with asocial or antisocial beahavior.
> > Sociopaths - 200 persons, all who can't stand other people, sharing
> >              the same ranch-house.
> 
> Anti-social. Normally meaning a response against societal norms. Stealing
> is sociopathic behavior. It's not an oxymoron to have a GROUP of
> SOCIOPATHS. I guess you're NOT a psychologist. Oh well...
> 
> > 
> > > joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu
> >                                 ^^^---It all suddenly becomes clear.
> 
> Maybe YOU should get an education, my man.
> 
> > 
> > Why does everyone discover the Net in the spring?
> 
> Why won't some assholes use a sig so I can send them mail instead of
> wasting bandwidth?
> 

This from someone who does not have a return address in his header:
----
Newsgroups: talk.politics.guns
From:  ()
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS
Followup-To: talk.politics.guns
Sender: usenet@starbase.trincoll.edu (SACM Usenet News)
Organization: Trinity College, Hartford, CT.
Lines: 65
----
Whereas David Pope (random) did, so a reasonable newsreader could simply hit  
reply to his comments, but not to yours.  Get an education in Internet use, "my  
man".

> > 
> > 	Random
> > 	
> 
> joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55259
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1993Apr26.174819.13707@starbase.trincoll.edu>  () writes:
> In article <1ra5i9INNd4g@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
> Arras) wrote:
> > 
> > In article <1993Apr23.153005.8237@starbase.trincoll.edu>  () writes:
> 
> > > I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
> > > and M-16's/AR-15's and banging/marrying thirteen yuear olds. 
> > 
> > I don't recall saying Baptists do any of that.  Though I suppose some do.   
And  
> > none of them are listed in the dictionary as characteristics of a cult.  My  
> > mother stockpiled Campbells soup when it was on sale.  
> > 
> > > You're a sorry
> > > son of a bitch if you can't draw a distinction between these two things.
> > 
> > You are an intolerent, foul-mouthed human.  You sound like you are ready to  
> > join the KKK or neo-nazis, with a narrow mind like yours.
> 
> Fuck YOU. My paternal grandparents died in Oswiecym (Aushwitz in the native
> tongue, for all of you pseudo-historically literate people). 

And Bejing = Peking, who cares about native tongue, as long as we all  
understand each other.

> I would
> suggest you'd have to search long and hard to find someone with more
> diffuse sensibilities. 

Oh, not more than a few feet, I wouldn't think.  I'm sorry IF your paternal  
grandparents died in Oswiecym or Aushwitz, which is easier to say than prove,  
but if so, the lesson they paid thier lives for was wasted on you.

> Just tootin' my own horn.

You are the expert.  I often feel compelled to brag about the circumstances of  
my grandparent's death.  8-}

> 
> > > People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend sociopaths
> > > who aren't deserved of it. Get a life and chill on the paranoia.
> > > 
> 
> I don't care about *cults*. There's no language problem here. My problem is
> with religious fanatics (claiming to be God is just a *little bit*
> unsettling) stockpiling several years' supply of canned foods and enough
> weapons to hold off a company (not to mention the ATF, which %&^#ed up in
> the first place) and talking about how they're going to "take care" of all
> of the "unbelievers." But granted, up to that moment, he'd done nothing
> wrong. I recognize and respect that.
> 
> Then the ATF discovers he doesn't have proper permits for some of his
> purchases and failed to pay some taxes on them. 
> 

A BATF offense, if true.

> Then several parents come forward and demand that previous charges of child
> abuse be refiled. There have been interviews with some parents whose
> children were in the compound at some point. These parents claimed
> psychological and sexual abuse. The childrens' statements supported these
> charges.

A LOCAL offense, if true.  Totally outside the BATF's domain.

> 
> Was it a 'no-knock?' I really haven't heard anything on that. But clearly
> he was not just another guy minding his own business. Hell, give them all
> the guns in the world if they don't bother anyone. But he was a scary sort,
> don't you think? 

I didn't know the man.  Just what the TV chose to tell me.

> The sort of person you'd want your daughter to date? 

I thought there were prejudicial undertones here.  I would trust my daughter's  
judgement.

> I
> didn't think so. Reason number one to doubt the legal statements made by
> some of the survivors. (Note that some of them were made by his 'guard,'
> well-[hesitate to say expertly] trained killers).

I don't believe either side blindly.
> 
> Then he fired on the ATF. That's not just a little mistake, or some
> red-white-and blue American defending his home against Big Brother. 

IF they fired first, without announcing in a beleivable way who they were ( I  
can pound on your door and claim to be the police, will you just lay down and  
take it if I do?), then he could be justified in firing on the ATF in  
self-defense.

> That
> shit doesn't fly. Anyone with his background that will shoot and kill
> Federal Law Enforcement officials is not some good citizen whose crusade
> enjoys our support. He's a loose cannon. Just my opinion...

"His background"?  What law has he been convicted of breaking in the past?
> 
> joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55260
From: PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Two Questions

In article <16BB8C820.SBANKA@VM.TEMPLE.EDU>
SBANKA@VM.TEMPLE.EDU writes:
 
>I'd appreciate any help anyone could give me on these two questions:
>
>The Brady Bill was in the news throughout 1992 but what actually happened to
>it in Congress?  Did Bush veto it?  If so, when?
 
       The Brady Bill passed the House in 1992, but failed to reach a
vote in the Senate.  As such, it never reached Bush.  (Sarah Brady's
condemnation not-withstanding).
 
       It'll probably pass the House again, and will probably pass the
Senate if they can get it to a vote.  Whether of not they'll be busy
with other things will be the question.  I don't expect gung-ho opposition
on the part of Senate Republicans, since they won't want to over-use their
fillibuster trump card.
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal  University of Tennessee Division of Continuing Education
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed\
When you pushed me down the elevator shaft\ ... Sometimes I get to
thinking you don't love me anymore." - "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55261
From: michaelh@public.btr.com (Michael Hahn  michaelh@btr.com)
Subject: CNN tape shows tank starting fire

A friend recorded CNN news during the gassing and incineration of
the BD's.  I went through it carefully today, and found something
very interesting.  A tank is pulling out of the house, and there
is a fireball, maybe 24" across that lasts for about 1 second.
Exactly ten minutes and thirty nine seconds later, the smoke starts
billowing out of that area of the building.
Now, I'm no govt. spokestwinkie, so it might really have been a
weather balloon or something.  Perhaps someone would check it out
and comment.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55262
From: nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

gjh@galen.med.Virginia.EDU (Galen J. Hekhuis) writes:
>nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle) writes:
>}    They assembled a frightening arsenal of weapons 

>What, exactly, did you find frightening about their weapons?

    The lethality in small part, but mostly what I found frightening 
was the fact that they were wielded by people who believed that they 
ate breakfast every morning with Jesus Christ. Now I wasn't there in 
Galilee back in the Roman occupation, so I don't know for certain that 
David Koresh was not Jesus Christ, but I strongly suspect that he was 
not (even aside from the fact of never having seen them in a photograph 
together).

>}by circumventing laws which were intended to prevent such a buildup. 
>
>Which laws are you making reference to?

    I admit I can't cite a specific, but if there isn't a law against 
purchasing grenade components and assembling them into functioning units 
then perhaps we need one. All second ammendment arguments aside, I'm just 
not sure that I like the idea of private citizens with hand grenades.

--
Nathan Engle                        Software Juggler
Psychology Department               Indiana University
nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu      nengle@silver.ucs.indiana.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55263
From: osan@cbnewsb.cb.att.com (Mr. X)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

In article <121415@netnews.upenn.edu> egedi@ahwenasa.cis.upenn.edu (Dania M. Egedi) writes:
>In article <1993Apr16.222604.18331@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>, andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:
>|> In article <1993Apr16.174436.22897@midway.uchicago.edu> pkgeragh@gsbphd.uchicago.edu (Kevin Geraghty) writes:

>>>wrong about the  whole guns-for-protection mindset, it ignores the
>>>systemic effects of cumulative individual actions.  If you want fire
>>>insurance on your house that's prudent and it has no effect on me; but
>>>if you and a bunch of other paranoids are packing handguns in the
>>>backcountry it makes me, and anyone else who doesn't chose to protect
>>>himself in this manner, pretty f**king nervous. 
>>
>> Why?  If you're not a threat, you're not affected at all.
>> 
>
>Aha.  That's the part that makes me nervous too.  Who gets to decide if
>I am a threat?  

	When I might possibly be on the receiving end of a violent gesture, 
	then *I* get to decide for myself.  If someone does not like it, too
	bad.  I would be doing exactly what YOU  or any other living creature
	would do in terms of evaluation.  What's the big deal?

>Based on appearance?  

	Sometimes.

>Would someone feel more threatened when approached by a very dirty, smelly, 
>slightly-maniacal looking person with a slight glaze to the eyes, muttering 
>to himself?  

	I might.

>Doesn't this describe most backpackers after they've been out more than a 
>couple of days?  

	Not in my experience.  And let us not forget that context is often an
	important factor in evaluating a situation.  Seeing disheveled persons
	on a hiking trail is not likely to be evaluated equally with meeting
	a grimey sort, as described above, on a lonely city street at 3 am.
	Anyone that cannot properly discriminate between these two different
	situations is legitimate fodder for the old "survival of the fittest" 
	principle.

>Or based on something else?  Proximity?  No room to pass on the trail
>without getting *real close* to someone.  An inner sense?  Now I'm really 
>getting nervous.

	Sounds like you doubt your own abilities.  You sound pretty
	typical in this respect.  You also seem to think that you'll
	be safe or safer if others are unarmed.  This is dangerous 
	fantasy.

>Twice when I was hiking the A.T. I came up on a shelter that I was planning
>on staying at and saw someone sitting there cleaning his gun.  Softly I backed
>away, and hiked another 5 miles to get *out of there*.  I'll freely admit it here:
>I'm not afraid of guns; I'm afraid of people that bring them into the backcountry.

	Then you are in need of some form of therapy.  Not necessarily that
	of an analyst, but maybe you should learn about guns.  Your fear is
	seems to be based in ignorance and false knowledge.  You see a person
	with a gun and you feel threatened.  Why is this so?  Have you any
	legitimate basis for this?  Any first-hand experience that lends
	validity to your fears?  Or are your fears based on mediated experience,
	i.e. the anecdotes of others such as network news?  I trust you can
	see the lack of legitimacy in such mediated inputs?

	And why are you afraid of the PEOPLE as mentioned above?  Forgive me,
	but you sound afraid to the point of paranoia.  Perhaps you should talk
	to someone about this.  I am not saying this to be rude or fascetious,
	but I think anyone with fear as deep and baseless as yours *seems* to
	be needs some sort of help.  Living in fear really sucks, even if it
	is only when around people with guns in the back country.

	Tell me: would you be as fearful of a park ranger who was right in 
	front of you with their side arm in clear view?  Why or why not?

	-Andy V.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55264
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: Civil Rights Violations

>> Eighth Amendment:
>> 1) The Davidians suffered cruel and unusual punishment when:
>> 	f> Thoes who escaped were imprisoned without bail without a  
>hearing.
>
>Happens all the time, they were arraigned the next day, I'd doubt
>you'd have any luck on this point.


	I had heard that not all were arraigned yet, some were being
	held as "material witnesses."

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55265
From: Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no>
Subject: guns=Amex AND new name.....



I have NEVER spoken for a ban against guns in America !
What I've said is that there seems to be to MANY of them, and especially
to many in wrong hands....

Now IF you would like to reduce the number, how would you do it without affecting
good/responcible gun owners ??


I DO believe in a persons freedom.
What I don't believe is that you can have it all and don't pay for it.

MOST europeans believe in a society of individuals, and that you HAVE
to give 'a little' to make that society work.

Cars and guns should really not be mixed, I just tried to make a point.
Like America, Norway has some spaces you have to cross to get from a to b,
so a car is essential in most parts....

Guns on the other hand are not essential in Norway, so we don't 
argue that IF we 'banned' guns we HAVE to ban cars.....


EVERYONE who believe that Hitler and WW2 could be avoided if there were
more guns in Germany in the 30's: PLEASE read some HISTORY!


Is this discussion about

1. Banning weapons for ALL Americans
            or
2. Making it harder for criminals to get one ??



Change of name.......
Wrote that one after reading the first postings about the Waco 'incident'.
I still think there are 'some' posters should move their post to alt.conspiracy
or make a new newsgroup.
(If you read the first postings after the Waco fire you should see who I mean......)

Did the BATF get the warrant for a gun search only or was there other reasons.
(Child abuse for instance)

Doesn't the people reading this newsgroup have access to the clari.news.* hierarcy ??
(Some seems rather mis/unInformed)

(Or is the clari.news.* hierarcy ruled and censored by the corrupt facist goverment??)



                                    Thomas Parsli


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55266
From: jbs@rti.rti.org
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1993Apr26.174819.13707@starbase.trincoll.edu> () writes:
>
>> > People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend sociopaths
>> > who aren't deserved of it. Get a life and chill on the paranoia.
>> > 
>
>I don't care about *cults*. There's no language problem here. My problem is
>with religious fanatics (claiming to be God is just a *little bit*
>unsettling) stockpiling several years' supply of canned foods

No crime here.

> and enough
>weapons to hold off a company

No crime here.

> (not to mention the ATF, which %&^#ed up in
>the first place) and talking about how they're going to "take care" of all
>of the "unbelievers."

No crime here.
Also no substantiation of your claim that Koresh said this.  I for one have
never heard this mentioned before.  Where did you hear it?

> But granted, up to that moment, he'd done nothing
>wrong. I recognize and respect that.

Up to which moment?  The one where you decided that anyone who claims to be
God no longer has the protection of the Constitution?
What happened to the separation of church and state?

>Then the ATF discovers he doesn't have proper permits for some of his
>purchases and failed to pay some taxes on them. 

I have yet to see any evidence of *this*, either.  From what I hear the
*original* warrant (the reason for the Feb. raid) is still sealed.  What are
"unsealed" seem to be warrants taken out after the initial raid.

>Then several parents come forward and demand that previous charges of child
>abuse be refiled. There have been interviews with some parents whose
>children were in the compound at some point.

Funny, I haven't seen any of these "interviews."
Interesting that when the social services agencies investigated Koresh on
these previous charges, they found absolutely no evidence of abuse.

> These parents claimed
>psychological and sexual abuse. The childrens' statements supported these
>charges.

Funny, I don't remember hearing anything about childrens' statements,
either.  Where did you say you heard all this?

What *I* heard was that none of the children who left the compound early in
the seige exhibited any signs typical of abuse, physical or mental.  This
from the newspaper and national TV news.

Did you also hear that it's the job of the BATF and the FBI to lay siege to
homes where child abuse is suspected?  I thought you did.

>Was it a 'no-knock?' I really haven't heard anything on that. But clearly
>he was not just another guy minding his own business.

"Clearly?"  Please tell us what Koresh was doing that can be construed as
other than "minding his own business" before the BATF raided the place.

> Hell, give them all
>the guns in the world if they don't bother anyone. But he was a scary sort,
>don't you think? The sort of person you'd want your daughter to date? I
>didn't think so. Reason number one to doubt the legal statements made by
>some of the survivors.

Your logic just amazes me.  I think your grandparents who died in
Auschwitz would be turning over in their graves if they could hear how
cavalierly you throw away people's protection of law because you think
they're "scary" and "not the sort of person you'd want your daughter to
date."  What sort of people do you suppose the Nazis thought your
grandparents were?  Probably not the sort they'd want their little
frauleins dating...

> (Note that some of them were made by his 'guard,'
>well-[hesitate to say expertly] trained killers).

And next I suppose you'll tell us exactly WHO these "well-trained killers"
have killed?

>Then he fired on the ATF. That's not just a little mistake, or some
>red-white-and blue American defending his home against Big Brother. That
>shit doesn't fly.

Because you said so, right?  Right.

> Anyone with his background that will shoot and kill
>Federal Law Enforcement officials is not some good citizen whose crusade
>enjoys our support.

So someone with a different background, say someone who didn't claim to be
the Messiah, in your book COULD shoot and kill Federal Law Enforcement
officials WOULD be a good citizen whose crusade enjoys our support?

> He's a loose cannon. Just my opinion...

Worth the paper it's printed on.

You're amazing, simply amazing.

  -joe

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55267
From: kde@boi.hp.com (Keith Emmen)
Subject: Re: Waco "Inside Story" (AP) (Was Re: ATF BURNS....)

dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung) writes:
: 
: Dear, dear.  They could have COME OUT.
: 

No, they probably couldn't.  If you had ever been tear gassed, you 
wouldn't be so quick to condem.  



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55268
From: cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

[Joe, why don't you put your username on your account?]

On Mon, 26 Apr 1993 17:48:19 GMT, joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu wrote:

> Then the ATF discovers he doesn't have proper permits for some of his
> purchases and failed to pay some taxes on them. 

Or claims to have discovered so...  It would hardly be the first time
they raided someone based on incorrect evidence.

> Was it a 'no-knock?' I really haven't heard anything on that. But clearly

It was a "no-knock", according to the Associated Press report.
Here's something I found in my collection:

    Excerpts from an article in the Knoxville News-Sentinel Final
    Edition Monday, March 1, 1993 (the byline is associated press):

    WACO, Texas - Fierce gun battles erupted Sunday as more than 100
    law officers tried to arrest the leader of a heavily armed
    religious cult.  At least four federal agents and two cult members
    were reported killed.  [...]

    The gun battles began when federal agents hidden in livestock
    trailers stormed the sect's head-quarters Sunday morning,
             ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    witnesses said.  The agents had warrants to search for guns and
    explosives and to arrest Howell, said Les Stanford of the ATF in
    Washington.  [...]

    Witnesses said the law officers stormed the compound's main home,
    throwing concussion grenades and screaming "Come out," while three
    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    National Guard helicopters approached.  For a moment, there was no
    response.  Then the shooting began. 

I think "storming the sect's head-quaters" and "throwing concussion
grenades" qualifies as a no-knock (or perhaps an illegal assault).

> he was not just another guy minding his own business. Hell, give them all
> the guns in the world if they don't bother anyone. But he was a scary sort,
> don't you think? The sort of person you'd want your daughter to date? I
                   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Probably not.  But then again, neither are you.

> Then he fired on the ATF. That's not just a little mistake, or some
> red-white-and blue American defending his home against Big Brother. That
> shit doesn't fly. Anyone with his background that will shoot and kill
                    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
And just what is "his background"?  What prior crimes had he been
CONVICTED of?

> Federal Law Enforcement officials is not some good citizen whose crusade
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Sorry, BATF are "Federal TAX Enforcement officials".  They're not
police, nor do they have police powers.

--
Charles Scripter   *   cescript@phy.mtu.edu
Dept of Physics, Michigan Tech, Houghton, MI 49931
-------------------------------------------------------------
"...  The people cannot be all, and always, well informed.  The part
which is wrong will be discontented, in proportion to the importance
of the facts they misconceive.  If they remain quiet under such
misconceptions, it is lethargy, the forerunner of death to the public
liberty.  ..."   Thomas Jefferson, Nov. 13, 1787

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55269
From: lilak@peaks.enet.dec.com (Rod Lilak)
Subject: Bennett : Banned, Bayonet 



I wrote a letter the other day to Empower America - the organization
which claims to be championing conservative issues, esp. in the wake 
of the Republican defeat last fall. 

Some might consider them just a an organization to create a network of 
support among conservatives for some individuals in prep. for '96 run.

You'd be close to the truth.

Their two leading spokesmen are Bill Bennett, former 'Drug Czar' who heartily
supported Bush's semi-auto import ban, and wondered if it went far enough - 
who helped put the big lie about 'sporting use' into the public's eye - and
Jack Kemp - who recently came out in support of semi-auto bans. 

These are conservatives ? 

Anyway I thought it interesting that when I ran Word Perfect's spell check
against my letter - it came up with the following corrections for 'Bennett' :

1. Banned
2. Bayonet


Needless to say, I found these choices rather amusing.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"It [collectivism vs individualism] is an ancient conflict. Men have come
close to the truth, but it was destroyed each time and one civilization fell
after another. Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The
savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe.
Civilization is the process of setting man free from men."
    -- Ayn Rand : 'Roark's speech from the _Fountainhead_'
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I don't speak for my company. We hire the 'Politically Correct' to do that.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55270
From: pngai@adobe.com (Phil Ngai)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <nate.1507.735856109@psygate.psych.indiana.edu> nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle) writes:
>    I admit I can't cite a specific, but if there isn't a law against 
>purchasing grenade components and assembling them into functioning units 
>then perhaps we need one. All second ammendment arguments aside, I'm just 
>not sure that I like the idea of private citizens with hand grenades.

Are you aware you can make a grenade with gunpower and metal water pipes?
Maybe we should outlaw hardware stores and ammo reloading.

Are you aware that you can make a firebomb with gasoline? etc.

-- 
 Justin Ngai, 8 pounds, 2 ounces,
 born 4/24/93

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55271
From: 0005111312@mcimail.com (Peter Nesbitt)
Subject: Here's the number to call for CA bills...

I made a few phone calls today, and found that if you call the Bill Room at
the Sacramento State Capitol, you may order free of charge any bills that
are currently being pushed.  I was told that they will only fill an order of
five bills per phone call, but when I asked kindly and told the nice lady that
it was very important, she filled my order for ten.

California State Bill Room
916-445-2323

Subject:  Re: Need Senate Bill numbers and House Resolution numbers
 
Sorry I forgot to include this in my previous letter but we also
have to worry about State bills.  These are the ones that I am
currently aware of:

SB 292
SB 247
SB 67
SB 89
SB 180

AB 117
AB 155
AB 166
AB 482
AB 501

My thanks to Bob Hale for providing the bill numbers!

/------------------------------------------------------------------------\
| Peter D. Nesbitt |   Air Traffic Controller   | PNESBITT@MCIMAIL.COM   |
|                  |     Oakland Bay TRACON     |                        |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  CBR600F2 Pilot  |     NRA Member CCX1380F    | S&W .41 Magnum Carrier |
\------------------------------------------------------------------------/

Hey!  I fixed my sig.file!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55272
From: PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU (David Veal)
Subject: Re: BATF Achieved Objective; Wants to "Move On"

In article <1rh9soINNimh@cronkite.Central.Sun.COM>
dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard) writes:
 
>In article 26844@convex.com, langston@convex.COM (Kevin Langston) writes:
>>feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:
>>>Everyone discussing why the BATF did this or didn't do that is missing
>>>the point. BATF wanted to destroy Koresh.  Everything they did was
>>>consistent with that objective.
>>
>>    And having done that, they've declared victory by flying their flag
>>    over the ruins. Regardless of who started the firefight or fire,
>>    I see the flag as nothing but arrogant.
>>
>
>        Not only arrogant, but in plain bad taste.  As though they had
>        defeated a difficult foe, and done so with honor.
>
>        I understand Reno does not own the BATF... doesn't Bentsen, a
>        Texas boy at that, I believe?  Why is not Bentsen from Treasury
>        as much out front as Reno is?  Is he hiding behind her apron strings?
 
 
       The BATF got sat on pretty early on.  After the initial shooting
was over, it pretty much become the FBI's show.  (Even that BATF guy
stopped showing up next to the speaker at the daily press conferences).
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal  University of Tennessee Division of Continuing Education
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed\
When you pushed me down the elevator shaft\ ... Sometimes I get to
thinking you don't love me anymore." - "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55273
From: jpsb@NeoSoft.com (Jim Shirreffs)
Subject: Re: Waco Questions


| The U.S. Government has become a garrotte around the necks of its
| citizens.  Just as with a garrotte, the more people struggle to breathe
| the air of freedom, the more the government tightens its stranglehold. The
| only possible outcomes at this point are the death of government or the
| elimination of personal freedom.

I think this is a little extreme, i am concerned about a couple of things
i've seen lately. It seems to me that the government is *beginning* to 
enforce political correctness. the first King verdict was polically incorrect
so the hell with constutitional protection from double jeopardy, try the cops
again. the BD's are far as i can tell didn't do anything wrong. nothing that
would justify the horrable end they were subjected too. they were simply
polically incorrect in the extream. i can't help but wonder "who's next"

jim shirreffs
i speak for myself and only myself


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55274
Subject: Repeat violent criminals--is reform often impossible?
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)



From the Boston Globe, Thursday April 22 1993

p. 44

Walpole man, 32, guilty in rape

Kenne, N.H. -- A Walpole man
charged with kidnapping a
mother of two from her home, then
raping and beating her, has pleaded 
guilty.  Roger Santaw Jr. also plead-
ed guilty to an attempted escape
from Cheshire County jail last win-
ter.  Santaw, 32 is scheduled to be
sentenced next week.  The rape last
fall came six months after Santaw
was released from prision, where
he spent 15 years for a rape he commit-
ted when he was 16.  (AP)


 
[end of article]

Any reactions?  Did he do enough time?  What should his penalty
be?  

BTW, Walpole is a town in Massachusetts.  Of course, New
hampshire is close by.
J. Case Kim
kim39@husc.harvard.edu


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55275
From: osan@cbnewsb.cb.att.com (Mr. X)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

In article <1993Apr21.091130.17788@ousrvr.oulu.fi> dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas) writes:
>
>This means you would support a ban if it were narrow enough.  Good.

	This was not stated nor implied.  Try asking.
>
>Nerve gas and mustard gas are well defined.  Other poisonous
>gasses should be individually banned only if it can be shown that there
>is no use not related to weaponry.  Licenses should be available for
>research purposes on such chemicals.

	This is laughable.  Licenses?  Right.  So then I would need a
	license to possess chlorine gas?  It is a weapons grade poison.
	Would I be breaking the law then if I were to, say, pour Chlorox
	on the spot where my cat pissed on the floor?  The reaction of
	ammonia and bleach liberates pure chlorine gas.  Do I go to jail
	for this?  Why or why not?

	Would I need a license to possess other chemical agents?  What about
	nicotine?  Deadly poison, and rather fast acting.  Must I now become
	licensed to posess tobacco?  And what about nicotine sulphate, an even
	deadlier poison?  Will I need a license to possess this type of 
	insecticide?  What about Raid(tm)?  Black Flag?  Gasoline?  Benzene?
	Hydrazine (a violent poison)?

	Will I go to jail for possessing a can of tomatoes that went bad with
	botulinus?

	What about my mom & pop QC lab where I use cyanogen bromide (mustard
	gas) to do lot analysis on certain non-prescription pharmaceuticals?

	What if I wish to use potassium cyanide to recover gold from aqua
	regia?  A license? 

	Would I need a license to possess Beryllium, perhaps the most poisonous
	non-radioactive metal?  How about Beryllium-Copper alloy?

	Do I need a license for nitrate fertilizers which *could* be used to
	make VERY powerful explosive devices such as the one that the IRA
	recently detonated, killing 1 and injuring 45?

	Can I have vinegar without license?  Hydrogen peroxide?  Where is the 
	line drawn?    

>I am not a lawyer, but these ideas could certainly be a basis for 
>definitions.

	Yes they could, but are they good ideas?  Are they needed?  Is there
	any shred of sanity in them?  Scarcely, I trust.
>
	-Andy V.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55276
From: PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU  (David Veal)
Subject: Re: newbie

In article <0096B9BF.EB6A4220@Msu.oscs.montana.edu>
icsgh339@Msu.oscs.montana.edu writes:
 
>This is my first time on the network, but I am very concerned with this
>incident in Waco.  I will refrain from stating my opinions until after I have
>read the FAQ.  Could someone tell me how to get this?  I must say that I
>believe the Govt. was wrong in the actions that they took in this situation.
 
        As far as I know, there is no FAQ for tpg.  Somebody was working
on one, but I think it "died in committee."
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal  University of Tennessee Division of Continuing Education
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed\
When you pushed me down the elevator shaft\ ... Sometimes I get to
thinking you don't love me anymore." - "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55277
From: rscharfy@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu (Ryan C Scharfy)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1rgudtINN3it@apache.dtcc.edu> bob@hobbes.dtcc.edu (Bob Rahe) writes
:
>In article <2099@rwing.UUCP> pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto) writes:
>
>>I want to see an INDEPENDENT investigation, with full prosecuting and
>>subpoena powers.  With felony prosecution where felony acts are found.
>>Fat chance, I bet.  I bet the Justice Dept will have an internal
>>investigation which will turn up at most 'poor judgement'.
>
>  OOOHHHHHHHH, can you say "INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR", geee, maybe ol'
>Mr. Walsh can do something useful after all.....
>
> (Right, fat chance...)
>

I'm responding at the risk of misreading your response, but I do have to tell 
my fellow conservatives to give it up, attacking Reno/Clinton/ATF/FBI.

They may have botched an operation, but they didn't kill anybody who never shot
at them first.  David Koresh was a frigging lunatic.  His followers had the 
combined I.Q of a Geraldo audience.  The kids probably would have been those
fucked up social rejects who go to Freshman dances in high school, never to be
seen again (except maybe in the band) until prom, when they show up like 
animals boarding the ark.  Then it's bowling till 3 in the morning..... 
(WHY....WHY?? did it happen to me??!!)

Anyway, the point is Janet Reno/Bill Clinton were only following the advice of 
trained, law enforcement officials who were experts in their fields.  I'd 
rather have our leaders do that then micro-manage every crisis that comes 
along.  Then you'd really see trouble no matter what party or ideology the 
President and her (er.. I mean his) Attorney General is.
-- 
Ryan C. Scharfy

rscharfy@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55278
From: awe@pimms.mit.edu (Ari Epstein)
Subject: Re: Who's next? Mormons and Jews?

In article <viking.735373292@ponderous.cc.iastate.edu>, viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson) writes:
> In <mcclaryC5snpq.KB1@netcom.com> mcclary@netcom.com (Michael McClary) writes:
> 
> 	
>                                         
> 	
> 	  LDS and RLDS
> philosophy is that all other religions have strayed from the true
> Church as set down by Jesus, but that God will judge each on his
> own merits.  In addition, the RLDS also contend (and the LDS may
> as well) that ignorance of the True Way (tm) is an excuse.  You
> can only be condemned if you had been tought the way and rejected
> it.  In short, LDS and RLDS suffer everybody from Lutherans to
> Buddhists, secure in the knowledge that though they are wrong they
> will not be penalized for ignorance.  


I believe that this is not quite correct. My understanding is that LDS is
engaged on a project to "convert" the souls of deceased persons of other
religions, in order to spare them from damnation and gain them entrance into
heaven. To this end, the Church has compiled extensive genaeological records, so
that they will know the names of people to convert. A long article in the New
Yorker a few years ago described the LDS research methods in some detail (for
example, some researchers pay visits to local native storytellers to learn the
names of people long dead). This sounds like just the sort of lie that would be
made up about any unusual religion, but the New Yorker story convinced me that
there is some truth to it (the New Yorker used to do extensive fact-checking, and
the story was quite detailed).

Ari



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55279
From: jtrascap@nyx.cs.du.edu (Jim Trascapoulos)
Subject: Re: Denver Post Classifieds: No assault weapons

eesnyder@boulder.Colorado.EDU (Eric E. Snyder) writes:



>I came across the following notice in the Denver Post classified secctio

>this morning (April 26, 1993):

>\begin{quote}

>NOTICE:

>The Denver Post will no longer knowingly accept any advertisement to buy
>or sell assault weapons.  The Denver Post finds that the use of assault
>weapons poses a threat to the health, safety, and security of its reader
.

>\end{quote}

>Now I suppose the Post is within its rights to refuse such ads.  However

>the second sentence is so noxious, I feel compelled to bring it to the 
>attention of the t.p.g/c.g readership.  

>I called the Post classified number (825-2525) and expressed my displeas
re. 
>According to the supervisor I spoke to, the Post was reacting to public
>complaints regarding the running of assult weapon ads.  However, she sai

>the paper was keeping track of the reaction to the change in policy.  I 
>strongly encourage Denver Post readers to call and make their feelings k
own.

>Eric E. Snyder                            
>Department of MCD Biology              ...making feet for childrens' sho
s.
>University of Colorado, Boulder   
>Boulder, Colorado 80309-0347
 
Will do! I appreciate the thoughtfullness of the Post to not be an
intermediary for such sales. The "Right to bear arms" is one of the most
misapplied rights in our Constitution, and assault weapons go way beyond
what is, or rather should be (imho), a "natural" right in America. Just
ask the family of that boy shot back in September - the papers are full of
stories about a child with an assult weapon with a "angelic face" (Post)
who committed the murder without ever thinking.
 
This has all got to get under control. I applaud the Post for their bravery
 
Jim Trascapoulos * jtrascap@nyx.cs.du.edu * "So, what size id do YOU wear?"


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55280
From: karl@dixie.com (Karl Klingman)
Subject: Re: The Truth about Waco 

dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung) writes:

>jgd@dixie.com (John De Armond) writes:

>>*	The tanks were collapsing interior walls and ceilings putting people
>>	at great risk.

>Dear, dear. They could have COME OUT.

Then by your logic, the Jews in Europe in the 1930's were the cause for
the Holocaust.  Hitler told them to leave and because they didn't they
brought the whole thing on themselves.  Because as you say, they could
have COME OUT of Germany.

>>*	There was no group instruction of any kind from Koresh or his 
>>	aids after the tank invasion (referring to any kind of suicide
>>	pact or counter-assault efforts.)


>It's ultimately irrelevant who "lit" the fire.  They had ample opportunity
>to LEAVE.

Same for the Jews in Europe 1930's.

>While he was there.  Anyway, outsiders RARELY see abuse.  It's a secretive
>thing.  All we have to go on are the court documents in the Jewell case
>and the mistrial in California.

You don't see any evidence of the abuse -- therefore it must be taking place?
As you point out everwhere but here, it is irrelevant to this case.  The
ATF is not in charge of investigating child abuse.

>>*	No one was ever held against their wills and could have left at any
>>	time.  The people who were murdered in the fire were there by their
>>	own choices.

>EXACTLY.  By their OWN CHOICE.

In obvious contradiction to the statements made by the F. B. I.

>I have NEVER judged them by their religion, but by their ACTIONS.

And just what are those actions that you are judging them by?
Their refusal to let the government control their lives? Their refusal
to submit to unconstitutional laws?  Their refusal to behave like
cowards?  Some of Texas' heros could have taken the cowardly way
out too and surrendered the Alamo.  After all, all they had to do was
COME OUT.  They stayed as you say by their "OWN CHOICE".  Problem
is not everyone chooses to act like a groveling dog in the face of
insurmountable odds.  But as you point out, they certainly do have
that right.  

>If they had lived a quiet, religious life as they claimed, there would
>have been no raid, no siege, and no deaths.  Instead, they chose courses
>of action at every turn that were at the very least STUPID, if not
>IRRATIONAL.  The first was to stockpile weapons.  The second was to
>shoot federal agents.  The third was to stay inside.

Bull.  They did, in fact, live a quiet, religious life -- as they claimed.
The warrant was not issued because they "stockpiled weapons".  It is
not against the law to own as many guns as you want -- yet (Except in 
Virginia).The warrant was issued for some "gun parts" that are about the size 
of a half-dollar.  Certainly worth the lives of so many people, don't you 
think?

>Just as we don't blame a cop who shoots a kid who had pointed a toy
>weapon at him, I don't think the FBI deserves blame in this case.

You can forget that WE business.  I certainly do blame them.

-- 
He who would trade his liberty for  |  Karl Klingman
security deserves neither.          |  American Research Group, Inc.
                                    |  karl@dixie.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55425
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: guns=Amex AND new name.....

Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:

	Remember me, Tom?  I hope you'll respond, and I seem to
be a Voice of Reason or some such (I've been recieving fan mail,
so naturally my ego is somehwat inflated of late), and hope to
make a few points here.

>I have NEVER spoken for a ban against guns in America !
>What I've said is that there seems to be to MANY of them, and especially
>to many in wrong hands....

	And our argument is that you cannot remove them from the people
who need restricting and not remove them from the people who don't.  A
fairly simple problem, given our size and numbers.  Do you agree?  We
all believe criminals, particularly violent criminals, should not have
firearms.  The problem is making a law that does this without trodding
upon the rights of the vast majority.  Nobody here seems to be able to
do it, and I doubt anybody in Norway can either.  Thus, we are left with
a philosophical difference: does the safety of a few justify restricting
the many?  We say "no," while others say "yes."

>Now IF you would like to reduce the number, how would you do it without
>affecting good/responcible gun owners ??

	Can you provide a method that cannot be abused?  I doubt it.

>I DO believe in a persons freedom.
>What I don't believe is that you can have it all and don't pay for it.

	Of course.  This is not in contention.  What is in contention
is how much one has to pay.

>MOST europeans believe in a society of individuals, and that you HAVE
>to give 'a little' to make that society work.

	It is this "giving a little" that makes Americans wary...
We have seen this argument before.  You might remember how a
Chamberlain "gave a little" to a particular fascist/short asshole,
and how such "appeasement" worked.  While it might work in some
instances, it doesn't work in others, and since we cannot predict
the future we must be cautious in using actions that have a
history of failure.

>Cars and guns should really not be mixed, I just tried to make a point.
>Like America, Norway has some spaces you have to cross to get from a to b,
>so a car is essential in most parts....
>Guns on the other hand are not essential in Norway, so we don't 
>argue that IF we 'banned' guns we HAVE to ban cars.....

	Cars are not essential in Norway any more than they are in
the USA.  I'm willing to bet that you have neighbors that would be
willing to drive you anywhere you wanted to go for a price.  Thus,
cars are not essential for your transportation.  However, the
arguments presented show that, since cars are used to kill far more
people than guns in the USA, it makes much more sense to restrict
cars than it does guns.  How one defines "essential" often depends
upon what one is willing to go through for that service.  When we
look at the raw data, such comparisons are not individually weighed.

>EVERYONE who believe that Hitler and WW2 could be avoided if there were
>more guns in Germany in the 30's: PLEASE read some HISTORY!

	This depends upon what the populace was willing to do.  As
Desert Storm proved, even an armed populace won't just revolt even
when given a chance.  Still, would Hitler have done all that he did
with an armed populace?  We have to wonder, as some of his first
acts were to confiscate firearms.  Other points in history show
that dictators were overthrown by arms in the hands of the populace.
Thus, we're left wondering if Hitler would have been overthrown
or if King George was just unlucky in keeping the USA as a colony.
One can argue both sides; one also has to live with each action.

>Is this discussion about
>1. Banning weapons for ALL Americans
>            or
>2. Making it harder for criminals to get one ??

	It is about #2, but so far all proposals to curtail #2 have
wound up enforcing #1 as well.  I only wish that "or" was so logical.

>Change of name.......

	That was, on my part, purely in jest.  I merely pointed out
how we were from similar backgrounds racially, but of wholly different
backgrounds politically.  I thought this would underscore my point on
how our cultures were so different despite similar heritage.

>Did the BATF get the warrant for a gun search only or was there other reasons.
>(Child abuse for instance)

	BATF can *only* enforce gun/tobaccco/alcohol violations.  Child
abuse is a matter for the individual states and local authorities.

>Doesn't the people reading this newsgroup have access to the clari.news.* 
>hierarcy ??  (Some seems rather mis/unInformed)

	That hierarchy is a paid-for feed at many sites.  Most people do
not get it for this reason, and I suspect money, not censorship, is the
main reason.  Do you get alt.sex* at your site?  I can't read it here
because of censorship and legal fears, so again our differences show.
You have topless sunbathing, and in the USA we can watch a murder every
fifteen seconds and yet breasts are forbidden on television.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55426
From: carlaron@access.digex.com (Carl Aron)
Subject: Re: Waco Shootout Highlights Total Irresponsibility of the

I'm not sure were this thread has been before i popped in, but I've never
thought of waiting periods as having anything to do with training or
competence. I just can't imagin any valid reason for having a gun that
can't wait a few days. I can think of plenty of bad reasons for not
wanting a waiting period: I want to buy a gun and kill so-and-so right
now, I've crossed the state line to buy a gun illegally and I can't
afford to spend the night here, etc.

I'm not a big fan of guns, but I feel that it is important to guard
American's rights to own them. On the other hand, we license and regulate
many things without seriously impeding anyones constitutional rights.

Carl

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55467
From: irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <C6548v.JHA@noose.ecn.purdue.edu> garrod@dynamo.ecn.purdue.edu (David Garrod) writes:
>In article <1993Apr27.032401.28156@news.acns.nwu.edu> brice@merle.acns.nwu.edu (Benjamin Rice) writes:
>>The reason the fire department couldn't fight the fire is that bullets were
>>whizzing throughout the area.  Had koresh not had such a "frightenly large
>>arsenal" maybe the feds would not have decided that having the firedepartment
>>on the scene would have been a useless waste of taxes and potentially
>>dangerous had a different fire broken out in Waco
>
>So, how come the fire department had been at the compound area for
>49 days, only to be sent away two days before the FBI attack?

(Whatever the above comment has to do with the hazards of fighting a
fire in the midst of ammo cooking off...)
Maybe the fire department was loudly complaining the whole time about
being diverted from their other duties, and the FBI said "FIne. Go home
and we'll call you if we need you."  A million things could have happened,
we don't know.

BTW, this is the first time I have heard that the Waco FD was on scene
for all but the last 2 days...  what's the source (out of curiosity)?



-- 
<><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
<>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
<><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55468
From: mjr@tis.com (Marcus J Ranum)
Subject: Re: Community Spirited Drug Dealers (Was: Strippers...)

sylvain@netcom.com (Nicholas Sylvain) writes:
>>value gun shops where all the city's many fine community spirited drug
>>dealers arm themselves....
>
>Such a fine posting, with the exception of these particular lines. I hope
>you don't *REALLY* think that your average drug dealer actually purchases
>his gun(s) from a legal source.

	As a matter of fact, I know it.

	There were several shootings recently in which the guns had
been purchased at the Baltimore Gunsmith, on Broadway - a favorite
place to get cheap "popular" pieces. By "popular" I am referring to
the kinds of guns our local youth gangs like: pistol grip shotguns,
cheap magnums, and Tec-9s.

	I hate to poke a hole in your bubble, but I was referring
to a specific gunstore, and specific incidents. Any other questions?

mjr.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55470
From: cmort@NCoast.ORG (Christopher Morton)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

As quoted from <nate.1504.735838830@psygate.psych.indiana.edu> by nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle):

> >What did those people do wrong in the first place? that is what i can't 
> >figure out. 
> 
>     They assembled a frightening arsenal of weapons by circumventing laws 
> which were intended to prevent such a buildup. Then later they used some 
> of those weapons to kill representatives of the Federal government. I'm 
> sure they were frightened when they saw all those BATF officers closing 
> in, but in retrospect I can't see how their subsequent gunfight could be 
> expected to improve the situation.
> 
What laws did they circumvent?  Being "frightening" isn't a crime.  Some people
are afraid of young Black males.  That doesn't make the mere status of being a
young Black male a crime.

The BATF itself admitted leading off by throwing handgrenades.  There is no
evidence that they properly identified themselves as law enforcement 
personnel.  Under those circumstances, other persons have been found to be
acting within their legal rights to exercise self defense against unidentified
armed intruders.

>     At this point I place little or no credibility on any of the charges 
> of child abuse or molestation, but I would remind you that the Branch 
> Davidians aren't the only ones burying their dead.
> 
The charges are irrlevant anyway, since the BATF has absolutely no jurisdiction
in such matters anyway.  Of course that hasn't stopped them from making other
such spurious charges, such as the existence of mythical "meth labs".  Of
course they whole "cult" thing indicates the level of contempt that they have
for the 1st amendment.

> >sure they were crazy, no dought about it, but what did they do wrong? 
> 
>     They attempted to stage an armed resistance to federal authorities 
> under conditions that placed dozens of unarmed and innocent people in the 
> line of fire. 
> 
That armed resistance, at least initially, may well have been LEGAL.

-- 
===================================================================
"You're like a bunch of over-educated, New York jewish ACLU lawyers
fighting to eliminate school prayer from the public schools in
Arkansas" - Holly Silva

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55471
From: bd474@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Bill McDonald)
Subject: Re: HB 1776 passes the Texas House!


In a previous article, dlb5404@tamuts.tamu.edu (Daryl Biberdorf) says:

>
>From memory, today's Houston Chronicle (27 April 1993) reported that
>HB 1776 PASSED in the Texas House of Representatives with (approximately,
>this is from memory) 95 votes for and 45 votes against.

What does this bill do?

>However, in an effort to go into CYA (that's cover your ass) mode,
>they wrote the bill in such a way as to make the law subject to a
>statewide referendum in November.  However, the paper reported that
>this is actually unconstitutional under the Texas Constitution, which
>only allows referendums for constitutional amendments, not for plain
>old laws.
>
>If the court does not permit the referendum the bill will probably
>go into effect with little fanfare.
>
>All of the above is subject to the Texas Senate's voting for
>the bill as well.  Time to start calling the state senators now!!
>
>Daryl
>             Daryl Biberdorf  N5GJM    d-biberdorf@tamu.edu
>               + Sola Gratia + Sola Fide + Sola Scriptura
>

McD
-- 
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Bill McDonald                | "Le coeur a sas raisons que la raison ne
St. Louis, MO                |  connait point" -- "The heart has its
wm2237@rapa1!texbell.sbc.com |  reasons that reason cannot understand"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55472
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: My sig


My sig has generated more mail than any of my posts.

Robin Hood is a school financing plan wherein property rich school districts
will have a portion of their tax revenue taken from them and given to property
poor districts.  The laudable plan is to equalize the per student spending. 
IMHO, however, it is a disaster waiting to happen.  Taxes will go up in 50% of
the districts and we will lose control of how OUR tax money is spent.  It
penalizes districts that have excelled.

And the election is Saturday. Along with city council, school board and the
unfinished Senate term.  And after I exercise one right, I'm going to exercise
another!
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55473
From: Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card


Gun clubs:
If you are a member you CAN borrow weapons....(Suprised??)
You are supposed to train with a .22 for the 6 months, THEN
you can start with anything bigger.

Drivers licence:
Forgot that USA is THE land of cars.....
Getting one in Scandinavia (and northern europe) is not easy.
Average time is about 20 hours of training, and the cost is rather......
But we think this is acceptable because a car is NOT a toy, and
bad drivers tend to hurt OTHERS.
(If you are really bad, you WON'T get a lincence!)

Abuse by the goverment:
This seems to be one of the main problems; Any harder gun-control
would just be abused by the goverment.(!)
Either some of you are a little paranoid (no offence...) OR you should
get a new goverment. (You do have elections??)

Guns 'n Criminals:
MOST weapons used by criminals today are stolen.
Known criminals can NOT buy weapons, that's one of the points of gun control.
And because gun control are strict in WHOLE scandinavia (and most of europe),
we dont have any PROBLEM with smuggled guns.

Mixing weapons and things that can be use as one:
What I meant was that cars CAN kill, but they are not GUNS!
Someone said that if we 'ban' guns we'd have to ban cars to, because they 'kill' to...
I don't think we should argue on this one..... ;)

The issue (I hope..):
I think we all agree that the criminals are the main problem.
Guns are not a problem, but the way they are used is.... (and what are they for??)

I think this discusion is interesting when you think of (ex)Jugoslavia:
They should all have weapons, it's their rigth to have them, and if they use them
to kill other (Innocent) people the problem is humans, not guns.

If 50% of ALL murders was done with axes, would you impose some regulations on them
or just say that they are ment to be used at trees, and that the axe is not a problem,
it's the 'axer' ??
(An example, don't flame me just because not exactly 50% are killed by guns...)

Think about the situation in Los Angeles where people are buying guns to protect
themselves. Is this a good situation ?? Is it the rigth way to deal with the problem ??

If everybody buys guns to protect themselves from criminals (and their neighbor who have
guns) what do you think will happen ?? (I mean if everybody had a gun in USA)

Don't flame the Englishmen because of Northern Irland, they have gun control that works
(in England) and fonds from USA are one of the reasons why IRA can bomb innocents...
(Something about throwing stones in glass houses...)
Don't flame them because of what to (three?) children did either.
(Can an Jugoslav have an oppinion on guns or even peace??) (YES!)

(My numbers about crime rates after restrictions on shot-guns are from the police
and the Statistisk Sentralbyraa) (understood that one Sorenson??)

LAST WORD:
Responsible gun owners are not a problem, but they will be affected if you want to protect 
your citicens.



	This is not a .signature.
	It's merely a computergenerated text to waste bandwith
	and to bring down the evil Internet.


                        Thomas Parsli
                        thomasp@ifi.uio.no

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55474
From: cmort@NCoast.ORG (Christopher Morton)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

As quoted from <1993Apr18.000152.2339@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> by jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu:

> The press is against you, the public (the voting public) is against
> you, the flow of history is against you ... this is it !

Kind of sounds like Plessy v. Ferguson, huh?  Of course as in that case,
things change, huh?

> Too fucking bad. You have gone the way of the KKK. Violent solutions
> are passe'. Avoid situations which encourage criminals. Then you will
> be as safe as possible. Such as it is ...
> 
No, if your little fantasy comes to pass, the country will have gone
TOWARD the KKK.  You're of course being a little disengenuous.  Violent
solutions are never passe FOR THE GOVERNMENT and CRIMINALS (who frequently)
cannot be distinguished).

"Avoid situations which encourage criminals"?  You mean don't be a woman?
Don't be Black?  Don't be gay?  I'm quite certain that having a surfeit of
unarmed victims will discourage your beloved KKK from engaging in "violent
solutions"....


-- 
===================================================================
"You're like a bunch of over-educated, New York jewish ACLU lawyers
fighting to eliminate school prayer from the public schools in
Arkansas" - Holly Silva

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55475
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: The Real Reason Politicians Want Guns Confiscated

Politicians want to eliminate private ownership of guns before the
general public starts violently resisting the tax increases needed
to fund the federal government as an ever higher percentage of tax
revenue goes to pay interest on the national debt (currently 57 cents
out of every tax dollar collected and rising).

-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

I'm beginning to look forward to reaching the %100 allocation of taxes
to pay for the interest on the national debt. At that point the
federal government will be will go out of business for lack of funds.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55476
From: bixledn@eng.auburn.edu (David N. Bixler)
Subject: Re: Repeat violent criminals--is reform often

In article 23303@husc3.harvard.edu, kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim) writes:
> 
> 
> From the Boston Globe, Thursday April 22 1993
> 
> p. 44
> 
> Walpole man, 32, guilty in rape
> 
> Kenne, N.H. -- A Walpole man
> charged with kidnapping a
> mother of two from her home, then
> raping and beating her, has pleaded 
> guilty.  Roger Santaw Jr. also plead-
> ed guilty to an attempted escape
> from Cheshire County jail last win-
> ter.  Santaw, 32 is scheduled to be
> sentenced next week.  The rape last
> fall came six months after Santaw
> was released from prision, where
> he spent 15 years for a rape he commit-
> ted when he was 16.  (AP)
> 
> 
>  
> [end of article]
> 
> Any reactions?  Did he do enough time?  What should his penalty
> be?  
> 
> BTW, Walpole is a town in Massachusetts.  Of course, New
> hampshire is close by.
> J. Case Kim
> kim39@husc.harvard.edu
> 


   Some women might say, "Death".  How about "life, with no hope of parole"?

   David N. Bixler
   Auburn University         All standard disclaimers apply


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55482
From: hes@unity.ncsu.edu (Henry E. Schaffer)
Subject: Bomb Laws (Was: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!)

In article <C64CpI.M1F@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
> ...
>The primary purpose of fertilizer is not to explode or kill
>people.  Maybe just a law saying you cannot use this stuff
>to make a bomb would be good?

  Even better, let's pass a law making it illegal to kill people
with bombs of *any* sort.

--henry schaffer

P.S. Thanks for explaining the primary purpose of fertilizer.  
Now I can stop worrying about the World Trade Towers bombing.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55483
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: Why are we being censored in a free America? This node specificaly

In article <1993Apr23.072224.13478@mixcom.mixcom.com> you write:
#
# Which Article of the Constitution gives me the right of revolution if things
# seem to be going cockeyed??
#
# Hmmm...
# --
# Peter G. White, President, Synthesis 93 Inc.
# Milwaukee, Wisconsin, U.S.A.
# Peter.White@mixcom.com


Dunno if you'll find it in the Constitution, but that other document of American
liberty, that kids are taught to hallow in school, is the Declaration of
Independence.  That document is in fact a justification not just for the right
if revolution, but of the DUTY of revolution by the people, once the government
gets too oppressive.  It is a very radical document, and I recommend all
Americans... especially those in office... read it once a year.



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55484
From: R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu
Subject: Re: Gun Buy Back

>
>On Thu, 22 Apr 1993 17:37:34 GMT, R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu wrote:
>
>>  Firearms are the fifth-leading cause of unintentional deaths among children
>> ages 14 and under.
>
>From the rkba archive, "rkba.004":
>
>   "Total firearm deaths for children (<1 through 14) at 587 (1988) is
>    one of the SMALLEST causes of deaths in children. Cars, falls,
>    burns, drowning, food ingestion are all much larger cause of
>    deaths (7,988)."
>
>So, firearms are the 6th leading cause, after drowning and choking on
>food (at least for 1988).
 
Sorry Charles...According to the National Safety Council, ACCIDENT FACTS,1991
"In 1990, gun accidents were the fifth-leading cause of accidental death
for children ages 14 and under."
 
>> I don't understand how the ratio to other accidental
>> deaths is important.  So guns don't kill as many children as car accidents.
>> What is the difference in severity between 1,000 deaths and 10,000 deaths?
>
>The difference is that a rational person would address the leading
>cause _first_, and address the lesser causes later.
>
 That thinking is so screwed up, I don't even know how to respond to it.
A rational person would concentrate on motor vehicle deaths, and not attempt
to affect childhood falls, drownings, gunshot injuries, etc.????????????????
So this so called rational person, (using your definition), if he or she
were attempting to affect the leading causes of deaths for adults aged 25
through 64 would only worry about cancer, and would not try to decrease
LESSER CAUSES such as heart disease, injuries, stroke, suicide, liver disease,
chronic lung disease, homicide, HIV infection, or diabetes.  Oh, okay Charles,
that makes a lot of sense.  I tell you what Charles, I'll call the Heart
Foundation and suicide hotlines and tell them that they are not acting rational
and that they can all go home because they are addressing the LESSER CAUSES
of death.  And you call your local police homicide department, liver foundation
and diabetes foundation and tell them to stop addressing these lesser causes.
Please, quit wasting my time with this silly shit Charles.
 
I've got an idea Charles, why don't you start a talk.politics.caraccidents
group or talk.politics.fall group?  This is talk.politics.guns.  Don't
confuse the issue.  Just because a social problem may not claim as many
victims as another, we should not try to address it?  I don't agree.
I'm not posting to t.p.g to debate the supposed severity of causes of
childhood deaths. I am really getting frigging sick of having to respond
to the irrational statements of people who assume that someone who
wants to discuss youth gun violence or unintentional youth gun deaths
is trying to make a political issue out of it.
 
 
>> I assumed that any humane
>> person would be concerned when any 10 year old got hold of their parents
>> gun from their bedroom drawer and accidently blew away one of their friends.
>
>A "humane person" who keeps a firearm in the house with a 10 year old
>would also teach this child how to safely handle the firearm;
>Ignorance is our greatest enemy.
>
 Again Charles, you tend to confuse the issue and take things out of context
for your own purposes.  The statement that you responded to above is actually
in reference to a previous post by another person who, like you, expressed
concern over making youth gun violence a priority.  I guess, maybe Humane
person and Rational person could be interchangeable huh? Both would be defined
as "a person who only addresses the social problem that causes the greatest
number of childhood deaths."  If that is the case, I'm extremely glad that I
am inhumane and irrational.
 
>>  Well Joe, I suggest that you talk to the Center to Prevent Handgun Violence
>                                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>What _other_ sources of information do you have which confirms their
>data?  These folks are well known for misrepresenting the facts.
>Perhaps you can verify their data with the Uniform Crime Report...
>
Sorry Charles, the FBI Uniform Crime Report is WELL known for misrepresenting
the facts.  But if you insist, according to the 1990 UCR, "Firearm murders
of youngsters 19 and under increased 125 percent between 1984 and 1990"
 
Is the National Center for Health Statistics good enough for you?  They state
that "Every day, 12 American children ages 19 and under are killed in gun
accidents, suicides, and homicides.  Many more are wounded".
 
Or how about the National Pediatric Trauma Registry?  They say "Gunshot
wounds to children ages 16 and under nearly doubled in major urban areas
between 1987 and 1990."
 
Do you also doubt the American Academy of Pediatrics Charles???  They state
that "Gunshot wounds among children in urban areas increased 300% from
1986 to 1988."
 
Charles, I hope you don't need to be convinced that youth are increasingly
victims of gun injuries and that they have easy access to guns.  If you don't
realize this fact, (I don't care if you go by CDC or FBI data, or if you go
into the homes, schools, and streets where these kids are and take a poll
by yourself), I'm not going to bother to try to convince you.  Its obvious
that you have ruled out any idea of discussing this issue in a sane fashion
and that you are so focused on trying to make this a gun control and political
discussion.  I really don't want to do that.
 
>> or the Centers for Disease Control.
>         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>They have firearm statistics?  Are firearms a disease?
>
 Charles, it's obvious that you know nothing about the CDC.
They don't just study cancer and heart disease.  I've got news for you,
interpersonal gun violence IS an epidemic.  In 1984, Surgeon General
C. Everett Koop declared that gun violence is as much a public health
problem as cancer, heart disease, or auto accidents.
 
>> that YOU greatly underestimate the presence of guns in the lives of youths.
>
>In "the lives of youths" or in their schools?  I know a number of
>youths who have firearms present "in their lives".  Is is quite
>appropriate to teach children to safely handle firearms (this is a
>"presence", right?).  What are you trying to say?  This innuendo
>reminds me of listening to Bill Clinton.
 
WHO THE F**K SAID ANYTHING ABOUT TEACHING CHILDREN TO SAFELY HANDLE
FIREARM CHARLES??? In the future, if you are going to post to t.p.g and jump
into a previous discussion, please read the entire posting, not just 1
sentence that you decide to respond to. What the hell are you saying here???
You're wasting time and space trying to make a political and gun control
issue out of a discussion that isn't.
>
>> The CPHV reports that 135,000 youth bring GUNS to school DAILY and that
>> 400,000 bring GUNS to school at least once a year.
>
>I wouldn't trust their statistics without *independent* verification.
>
>> The CDC estimates
>> that 1 out 0f 25 high school students carried a gun to school at least once
>> in 1990.
>
>Based on CPHV statistics?  Based on UCR?...  Based on what?
>
>> The CDC also says that 1.2 million elementary-aged, latch-key
>> children (kids who come home from school to an empty house), have access
>> to guns in their home.
>
>Therefore?...  What is the purpose of this claim?
>
Charles buddy, I'm getting really tired of this.  Do you live on the planet
Mars???  As a physicist, I realize that you probably don't come into contact
with many youth, but I REALLY think you need to make a trip to your local
urban high school and discover the joy of guns in schools.  In addition
spend a few minutes talking to these kids.  Ask them if they have ever heard
gunshots in their neighborhoods, whether they know anyone who has been shot,
whether they know anyone who has a gun, whether they have ever held a gun, and
whether they themselves have ever been shot.
 
Believe me Charles, THAT will be your *INDEPENDENT* VERIFICATION.
 
###########################################################################
Rodney W. Thomas                    R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu
Urban Child Research Center
Cleveland State University
Cleveland,OH. 44115
###########################################################################
>--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55485
From: V2110A@VM.TEMPLE.EDU (Richard Hoenes)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr27.154255.18227@synapse.bms.com>
hambidge@bms.com writes:
 
>
>In article <C65E95.D7u@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>>In article <1993Apr27.071223.3508@uoft02.utoledo.edu> steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu (Jason 'Think!' Steiner) writes:
>>>James P. Dusek (dusek@rtsg.mot.com) writes:
>>>> garrod@dynamo.ecn.purdue.edu (David Garrod) writes:
>>>
>>>>     They did, they used CS that would NOT harm children.
>>>
>>>i REALLY hope you're being sarcastic here, but i've seen so many
>>>stupid things said in complete seriousness that it's hard to tell
>>>without a smiley.
>>>
>>>do you actually believe there's a CS gas that can discriminate based
>>>on the age of the target?
>>
>>Yes, the gas used was a mild concentration or formulation compared to
>>the 'heavy duty' stuff.
>
>You know this for a fact? How do you know? Or, are you just making
>things up for flamebait?
>
The FBI has claimed from the begining that it wasn't standard use
tear gas. How do you know it was? Or do you just assume it was
for flamebait?
 
Richard

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55486
From: wondertr@fraser.sfu.ca (wondertree learning center)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

A well-regulated militia, being necessary to the security of the FREE State,
the right of the people to KEEP and BEAR arms, shall not be infringed.

I know that as a Canadian, I don't have much to stand on...

But, I think that the right to KEEP and BEAR arms is very important to
maintaining a FREE society. The America is still the most enviable
place to live on this Earth (by anyone with their head on straight)
and will stay that way only if more people stand-up PUBLICLY for what
they believe!!

Remember, that if you stand for nothing... You'll fall for anything...
including "well-meaning" socialists, they did in Canada.

later
TED


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55487
From: oldham@icd.ab.com (Daniel R. Oldham)
Subject: More propaganda

Just saw on CNN that the independent team that examined the Waco fire
and reported that it was started inside by the BDs is now under question.

The attoneys for the BD's are claiming that it's not an impartial team
for the team leader is the wife of one of the BATF agents. HA!

The goverment continues with it's propaganda.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
-	This is not a secure line.                                       -
-	Daniel R. Oldham			oldham@heron.icd.ab.com  -
--------------------------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55488
From: eeb1@quads.uchicago.edu (E. Elizabeth Bartley)
Subject: No cost to gun waiting periods???

In article <1rhr7s$fg1@access.digex.net>
carlaron@access.digex.com (Carl Aron) writes:

>I'm not sure were this thread has been before i popped in, but I've never
>thought of waiting periods as having anything to do with training or
>competence. I just can't imagin any valid reason for having a gun that
>can't wait a few days.

You can't think of any valid reason to own a gun that can't wait?

Either you have a very limited imagination or a strange definition of
the word "valid".

Here are a few reasons you might want a gun *right now*:

You're a Korean greengrocer in LA and a riot has just started in a
nearby neighborhood.

You've received a death threat.

Your SO has just broken your arm and you fear for your life if you
stay with him and he's said he'll kill you if you leave him.

A psychopath is breaking into people's houses in your neighborhood and
robbing and killing people inside.

A violent mugger is operating on the route you have to take to get to
your night job.

There are lots of dangers you might be in that won't wait for the
waiting period for you to purchase a gun.

-- 
Pro-Choice                 Anti-Roe                     - E. Elizabeth Bartley
            Abortions should be safe, legal, early, and rare.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55489
From: dlb5404@tamuts.tamu.edu (Daryl Biberdorf)
Subject: Re: HB 1776 passes the Texas House!

HB 1776 is for Concealed Carry in Texas.  It provides for licensing
citizens to carry concealed firearms if they pass an instruction
course (30 hours, if I remember correctly), pay a $140 fee (good for
4 years), and meet several other criteria related to personal
character, etc.

While I don't agree with all of the criteria, I feel it's high time
that pro-gun types fight the same way HCI et al. do -- by getting
incremental changes in the law.  

Daryl

             Daryl Biberdorf  N5GJM    d-biberdorf@tamu.edu
               + Sola Gratia + Sola Fide + Sola Scriptura

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
document_id: 55490
From: garrod@dynamo.ecn.purdue.edu (David Garrod)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C65E95.D7u@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>In article <1993Apr27.071223.3508@uoft02.utoledo.edu> steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu (Jason 'Think!' Steiner) writes:
>>James P. Dusek (dusek@rtsg.mot.com) writes:
>>> garrod@dynamo.ecn.purdue.edu (David Garrod) writes:
>>
>>> 	They did, they used CS that would NOT harm children.
>>
>>i REALLY hope you're being sarcastic here, but i've seen so many 
>>stupid things said in complete seriousness that it's hard to tell 
>>without a smiley.
>>
>>do you actually believe there's a CS gas that can discriminate based
>>on the age of the target?
>
>Yes, the gas used was a mild concentration or formulation compared to
>the 'heavy duty' stuff.

      I heard it was delivered in high concentration to counteract the
      wind at 30 mph blowing it away.  What is your source for the
      quoted low concentration?



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53293
From: manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

hambidge@bms.com wrote:
: In article <C4psoG.C6@magpie.linknet.com>, manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:

: >: Rate := per capita rate.  The UK is more dangerous.
: >: Though you may be less likely to be killed by a handgun, the average
: >: individual citizen in the UK is twice as likely to be killed
: >: by whatever means as the average Swiss.  Would you feel any better
: >: about being killed by means other than a handgun? I wouldn't.
: 
: >What an absurd argument.  Switzerland is one-fifth the size of the
: >UK with one-eigth as many people therefore at any given point on
: >Swiss soil you are more likely to be crow bait.  More importantly,
: >you are 4x as likely to be killed by the next stranger approaching
: >you on a Swiss street than in the UK.

: You are betraying your lack of understanding about RATE versus TOTAL
: NUMBER. Rates are expressed, often, as #/100,000 population.
: Therefore, if a place had 10 deaths and a population of 100,000, the
: rate would be 10/100,000.  A place that had 50 deaths and a population
: of 1,000,000 would hav a rate of 5/100,000.  The former has a higher
: rate, the latter a higher total.  You are less likely to die in the
: latter.  Simple enuff?

For chrissakes, take out your calculator and work out the numbers.
Here... I've preformatted them for you to make it easier:

			handgun homicides/population
			----------------------------
	Switzerland :	24 /  6,350,000
	         UK :    8 / 55,670,000

... and then tell me again how Switzerland is safer with a more
liberal handgun law than the UK is without...by RATE or TOTAL NUMBER.
Your choice.
-- 
Stephen Manes					   manes@magpie.linknet.com
Manes and Associates				   New York, NY, USA  =o&>o


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53294
From: manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

Jim De Arras (jmd@cube.handheld.com) wrote:
: > Last year the US suffered almost 10,000 wrongful or accidental
: > deaths by handguns alone (FBI statistics).  In the same year, the UK
: > suffered 35 such deaths (Scotland Yard statistics).  The population
: > of the UK is about 1/5 that of the US (10,000 / (35 * 5)).  Weighted
: > for population, the US has 57x as many handgun-related deaths as the
: > UK.  And, no, the Brits don't make up for this by murdering 57x as
: > many people with baseball bats.

: You just can't compare this way!  All homicides must be shown, per capita, not  
: just handguns.  The availability of them in the USA makes them the preferred  
: murder weapon, but ban them, and some other weapon will step in as the  
: favorite.

As a "favorite", sure.  As lethal, not likely.  A study of violence in
Chicago produced this table:

		Percentage of Reported Gun and Knife Attacks
			    Resulting in Death
			    
	Weapon				Deaths As Percentage of Attacks
	---------------------------------------------------------------
	Knives (16,518 total attacks)		 2.4
	Guns (6,350 total attacks)		12.2

	Source: Firearms and Violence in American Life
	
It might be contended that if gun murderers were deprived of guns
that they would find a way to kill as often with knives.  If this were
so, knife attacks in cities where guns were widely used in homicide
would be expected to show a low fatality rate, and knife attacks in
cities where guns were not so widely used (like Vancouver) would show
a higher fatality rate.  But the Nat'l Commission on the Causes and
Prevention of Violence Task Force analyzed the data and found this
not to be the case.  It appeared to them that as the number of knife
attacks increased in relation to the number of firearms attacks
(which presumably happened where guns were less available to assailants),
the proportion of FATAL knife attacks did NOT increase relative to the
proportion of gun attacks.  In fact, the reverse was true.

What was found was that most homicides did not show a determination on
the part of the assailant to kill.  Fatalities caused by knife tended
to show a single-mindedness on the part of the assailant to do grave
physical injury: multiple stabs wounds, wounds concentrated about the
head neck and chest, etc.  Most gun homicides did not show this
pattern.  Rather, more fatal attacks were committed during a moment of
rage and not the focused intent to kill the victim.

	Source: Report on Firearms and Violence

: Then, since England != USA (my ancestors left because of the oppression) you  
: must compare England before strict gun laws to England after strict gun laws to  
: be able to draw any meaning at all.  England has essentially legalized drugs,  
: so there are no drug gangs battling for turf, etc., there.  If you drop out the  
: drug related killings here, the USA would look a whole lot more peaceful.

There are a lot of factors which make a difference.  Actually, I'm not
fond of making ANY kind of social parallels between Europeans and
Americans. There are more cultural, beahvioral and economic
differences between us than similarities.  I just sort of found
myself backed into that corner over the last couple of weeks.  I
don't think we could ever attain the low levels of European violent
crime here in the US, whether we banned guns or required every
law-abiding citizen to carry a loaded Uzi.

On the other hand, we can draw lessons from neighbors who are more
culturally similar, namely the Canadians.  In fact, an exhaustive,
seven-year study has already been done of the respective crime rates
of Vancouver, British Columbia and Seattle, Washington... cities
with roughly the same population, urban economy, geography
and crime but with decidedly different approaches to gun control.

In Seattle, handguns may be purchased legally for self-defense.  After
a 30-day waiting period, a permit can be obtained to carry a concealed
weapon.  The recreational use of handguns is minimally restricted.

In Vancouver, self-defense is not considered a valid or legal reason
to purchase a handgun.  Concealed weapons are not permitted.
Recreational uses of handguns (target shooting, collecting) are
regulated by the province.  Purchase of a handgun requires a
restricted-weapons permit.  A permit to carry may be obtained in
order to transport the weapon to licensed shooting clubs.  Handguns
transported by vehicle must be stored in the trunk in a locked box.
In short, gun control but not unreasonably so.

Both cities aggressively enforce their gun laws.  Convictions for
gun-related offenses carry similar penalties.  The researchers
studied all cases of robbery, assault (simple and aggravated),
burglary and homicides occurring in Seattle and Vancouver from
1/1/80 to 12/31/86. In defining the cases, they used the same
standard: the FBI's Unified Crime Report.

Results: during the seven-year study the annual rate of robbery in
Seattle was found to be only slightly higher than that in Vancouver
(1.09 / 1.11).  Burglaries occurred at nearly identical rates (.99).
18,925 assaults were recorded in Seattle versus 12,034 in
Vancouver.  The risk of being a victim of a simple assault in
Seattle was found to be only slightly higher than Vancouver (1.18 /
1.15) and the risk of aggravated assault was also slightly higher
(1.16 / 1.12).  However, when aggravated assaults were subdivided by
weapon and the mechanism of assault, a clear pattern emerged.
Although both cities reported nearly identical rates of aggravated
assault involving knives and other dangerous weapons, firearms were
far more likely to be used in Seattle.  In fact, 7.7 times as often.

Over the seven-year study, 388 homicides occurred in Seattle
(11.3 per 100,000) vs. 204 homicides in Vancouver (6.9 per 100,000).
After adjustment for differences in age and sex among the populations,
the relative risk of being a victim of homicide in Seattle, as
compared to Vancouver, was found to be 1.63.

When homicides were subdivided by the mechanism of death, the rate
of homicide by knives and other weapons (excluding firearms) in
Seattle was found to be almost identical to that in Vancouver.
Virtually ALL of the increased risk of death in Seattle was due to
a more than fivefold higher rate of homicide by firearms.  Handguns
accounted for roughly 85% of homicides involving firearms.  Handguns
were 4.8 times more likely to be used in homicides in Seattle than
in Vancouver.

The authors of the report also investigated "legally justifiable"
homicides (self-defense).  Only 32 such homicides occurred during
the seven-year study, 11 of which were committed by police.  Only
21 cases of civilians acting in self-defense occurrred: 17 in
Seattle and 4 in Vancouver.  Only 13 involved firearms.  After
excluding these cases, there was virtually no impact on these
earlier findings.

-------

This is, I feel, a very fair report.  One might even make the
argument that it is biased against Canada as a whole because
Vancouver reports annual rates of homicide two to three times
that of Ottawa, Calgary and Toronto while Seattle reports
annual homicide rates only half to two-thirds that of NYC,
Chicago, Los Angeles and Houston.

Critics of handgun control always argue that limited legal access
to handguns will have little effect on the rates of homicide because
persons intent on killing others will only try harder to acquire a
gun or will kill by other means.  This report shows differently.
If the rate of homicide in a community were influenced more by
the strength of intent than by the availability of weapons, we
could expect the rate of homicides by weapons other than guns to
be higher in Vancouver than in Seattle.  However, during the study
interval, Vancouver's rate of homicide by weapons other than guns
was not significantly higher than that in Seattle, suggesting that
few would-be assailants switched to homicide by other methods.

As well, ready access to handguns for self-defense by law-abiding
citizens was not endorsed in this report.  Although Seattle did
experience a higher rate of firearm death for self-defense, these
cases accounted for less than 4% of the homicides in both cities
during the course of the study period.  And, as was reported,
Seattle apparently didn't enjoy relief from any crime category
over Vancouver because citizens may legally arm themselves for
self-defense.

	Heavily quoted source: Handgun Regulation, Crime,
	Assaults, and Homicide: A Tale of Two Cities.

	John H. Sloan, Arthur L. Kellerman, Donald T. Reay,
	James A. Ferris, Thomas Koepsall, Frederick P. Rivara,
	Charles Rice, Laurel Gray and James LoGerfo
-- 
Stephen Manes					   manes@magpie.linknet.com
Manes and Associates				   New York, NY, USA  =o&>o


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53295
From: manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

Steve Kao (k@hprnd.rose.hp.com) wrote:
: Frank Crary posted:
: : Sure, but the difference in per-capita crime rates predates the
: : gun control laws: The homicide rate in England was a tenth that
: : of America, back when anyone in England could buy a gun without
: : any paperwork at all.

: Steve Manes asks:
: > Got a citation for this?

: Colin Greenwood from Scotland Yard did a study that showed that gun
: control has had no effect on crime or murder rates in the UK.  His book,
: _Firearms_Controls_, has been published in London by Keegan Paul (name
: may be misspelled).

Others dispute that, like Richard Hofstadter, <America As A Gun Culture>,
and Newton and Zimring's <Firearms and Violence in American Life>.  But,
again, statistics between too dissimilar cultures are difficult to
quantify.

I don't know how anyone can state that gun control could have NO
effect on homicide rates.  There were over 250 >accidental< handgun
homicides in America in 1990, most with licensed weapons.  More
American children accidentally shot other children last year (15)
than all the handgun homicides in Great Britain.  (Source: National
Safety Council.  Please... no dictionary arguments about RATES vs
TOTAL NUMBERS, okay?  They're offered for emphasis, not comparison).

If Mr. Greenwood believes that Brits are much too sober and
coordinated to make such mistakes I'd like to introduce him to my
friend, Amanda from Brighton.  I used to have some pretty nice
crystal in my place until she moved in.  I've gotten used to the
snide comments from guests about the clown motif on my rubber
wine glasses.

-- 
Stephen Manes					   manes@magpie.linknet.com
Manes and Associates				   New York, NY, USA  =o&>o


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53296
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Vancouver/Seattle Study Critiques


----------------------------------------------------------------------
Open letter by Dr. Paul H. Blackman, Research Coordinator for
NRA-ILA. NRA Official Journal 1/89.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear sir:

By now, we are used to the New England Journal of Medicine's publication
of small-scale studies related to firearms from which conclusions are
drawn which are quantum leaps from the data, followed by announcements of 
momentus "scientific" findings. These are regularly released to the press
without the caveats which riddle the conclusory paragraphs, and
often accompanied by an editorial calling attention to the findings.
Generally, while they at least present a few interesting data, however
meaningless, the studies misinterpret statistics, and ignore or belittle
serious studies by criminologists.

The latest effort -- "Handgun Regulations, Crime, Assaults, and Homicide:
A Tale of Two Cities," by J.H. Sloan, et al., with the accompanying 
editorial, "Firearms Injuries: A Call for Science," by two employees
of the Centers for Disease Control (November 10), however, is an insult
to the intelligence of any serious scholar in any field and have so few
data and so many flaws that I feel compelled to write at some length
to call attention to various major and minor failings, in no particular
order.

	1. The authors misleadingly cite Wright, et al. (Ref. 1) to 
	support the statement that "some have argued that restricting
	access to handguns could substantially reduce our annual rate
	of homicide." Wright, et al., in fact studied and rejected that
	contention.
	
	2. The authors pretended that Vancouver and Seattle are very
	similar cities with similar economic circumstances, histories,
	demographic characteristics, and the like. In fact, the cities
	are very different with very different demographic characteristics
	which appear to explain completely the higher homicide rate in
	Seattle. Both cities are over three-forths non-Hispanic white
	and *the non-Hispanic white homicide rates are reported to be
	the same in Seattle and Vancouver*. It is the different back-
	grounds, problems, circumstances, and behaviors of the various
	ethnic minorities which explain the difference in homicide.
	
	3. The authors pretend they are evaluating Canada's gun law,
	compared to Washington State's. But they do not examine at all
	the situation in Vancouver prior to the gun law taking effect
	in 1978. As it happens, in the three years prior to that (1975-
	1977), Vancouver averaged 23 homicides per year, one-eighth
	involving handguns, (Ref. 2) and in the seven years of the NEJM
	article there were 29 homicides per year, one-eigth involving
	handguns. Surely even the medical profession recognizes that
	one must look to see the prior situation was before concluding
	that a change made a difference? Would a physician conclude that
	a patient was benefiting from eating oat bran muffin each day
	for seven years because his cholesterol level was 200 without
	at least seeing if it was 180 before he started the regimen?
	
	4. The authors pick two medium-sized cities to evaluate a national
	gun law. Nothing can be learned from such a tiny and arbitrarily
	selected sample. Seattle appears to have been selected because
	it was convienient for the authors rather than for any scientific
	reason. Would physicians call something a scientific study which
	involved one experimental subject and one dissimilar "control"?
	Had different arbitrarily selected cities been chosen, opposite
	"scientific" conclusions would follow: Vancouver's homicide
	rate *exceeds* that of such "wild west" cities in Texas as
	El Paso, Corpus Christi, Austen, and, in Colorado, Colorado
	Springs. (Ref. 3)
	
	5. The authors fail to clearly demonstrate that firearms or
	handguns "are far more commonly owned in Seattle than in
	Vancouver." They use two surrogate approaches in pretending
	to study the availability of firearms/handguns. The first is
	an apples-and-oranges effort to compare the number of carry
	permits in Seattle to the number of registered handguns in
	Vancouver. But the number clearly understates the number of
	handguns in Seattle, and counts primarily *protective* handgun
	owners. The second, however, tells nothing about the number
	of handguns in Vancouver, and counts *non-protective* handguns
	for the most part. Where is it difficult to obtain handguns
	legally for protection, registration figures are
	meaningless. There are 66,000 registered handguns in New York
	City (New York Daily News, Sept. 27, 1987). Comparing the two,
	that method suggests about 930 handguns per 100,000 population
	in New York City compared to 960 in Vancouver, meaning Vancouver
	has a greater "prevalence of weapons" than New York City.
	
	The second method of measuring gun density is "Cook's gun
	prevalence index, a previously validated measure of intercity
	differences." But the validation was by Cook of his own
	theory. (Ref. 4) Normally, second opinions are sought from a
	different doctor. More significantly, the Cook index is
	based on the average of the percentage of firearms involvement
	in suicide and homicide. So the authors are basically taking
	a measure of misuse. Unsurprisingly, gun misuse in homicide
	(42% in Seattle, 14% in Vancouver) is related to gun misuse in
	homicide plus suicide, divided by two (41% in Seattle, 12% in
	Vancouver). The authors are not measuring the relative avail-
	ability of firearms, or of handguns, in Seattle and
	Vancouver.
	
	6. The authors misstate the laws of both Washington and
	Canada. They neglect to mention the significant fact that
	Washington has a waiting period and background check prior to
	the purchase of a handgun, and that provisions exist in Canadian
	law for owning and carrying handguns for personal
	protection. The authors also make it appear that it is more
	difficult to get a handgun legally in Canada than is actually
	the case.
	
	7. The authors ignore all other factors which might explain
	the differences in crime rate, beyond some vague mention of the
	penalities provided by law and the roughest of estimates of 
	clearence for one particular offense -- homicide involving a
	firearm. There is no measure of: the differences in the number
	of law enforcement officers; their aggressiveness in making
	arrests for gun law violations in the two jurisdictions; arrest
	rates for other offenses; conviction rates; actual sentences
	imposed for gun-related crimes, violent crimes without guns,
	or gun law violations; or incarceration rates. Whereas social
	scientists would attempt to measure and hold for such differences,
	the authors of the NEJM "tale of two cities" fail even to mention
	most factors related to crime control.
	
	8. The authors dismiss claims that handguns are an effective
	means for protection unless the criminal is killed. Such is not
	the case. Criminologists (Ref. 5-8) have found that almost
	650,000 Americans annually use handguns for protection from
	criminals, and that using a gun for protection reduces the
	liklihood that a crime -- rape, robbery, assault -- will be
	completed by the criminal and reduces the likelihood of injury
	to the victim. It is interesting, nonetheless, that the authors
	reported the same number (four) of civilian justifiable homicides
	without firearms in each city but that less restrictive Seattle
	accounted for 100% of the reported civilian justifiable homicides
	involving firearms.
	
	9. The Centers for Disease Control, which funded the "study,"
	editorially praised the paper, (Ref. 9) saying it "applied
	scientific methods to examine a focus of contention betweeb
	advocates of stricter regulation of firearms, particularly
	handguns." There is nothing in the paper which could possibly
	be mistaken for "scientific methods" by a sociologists or
	criminologists. The Vancouver-Seattle "study" is the equivolent
	of testing an experimental drug to control hypertension by finding
	two ordinary-looking middle-class white males, one aged 25
	and the other 40, and without first taking their vital signs,
	administering the experimental drug to the 25-year-old while
	giving the 40-year-old a placebo, then taking their blood pressure
	and, on finding the younger man had a lower blood pressure, 
	announcing in a "special article" a new medical breakthrough.
	It would be nice to think that such a "study" would neither be
	funded by the CDC or printed by the NEJM.
	
	Since the longstanding anti-gun biases of the NEJM and the CDC
	make them willing to present shoddy research as "scientific
	breakthroughs" in "special articles" and editorials relating
	to firearms, we are obligated to correct the record by notifying
	the news media and those with congressional and executive oversight
	over the activities of the Centers for Disease Control about
	the distortions contained in "Handgun Regulations, Crime, Assaults,
	and Homicides: A Tale of Two Cities" and "Firearm Injuries: A Call
	for Science." Clearly, all scientific standards go by the wayside
	whenever the CDC and the New England Journal of Medicine seize
	an opportunity to attack firearms ownership in America.
	
				REFERENCES

1. Wright JD, et al, *Weapons, crime and violence in America*: a literature
review and research agenda, Washington, D.C.: Department of Justice,
1981.

2. Scarff E. *Evaluation of the Canadian gun control legislation*: final
report. Ottawa: Ministry of the Solicitor General of Canada, 1983,
p. 87.

3. Department of Justice, Federal Bureau of Investigation, *Crime in
the United States*, 1987 (Uniform Crime Reports). Washington, D.C.:
Government Printing Office, 1988

4. Cook PJ. *The role of firearms in violent crime*. In: Wolfgang M.
Weiner NA, eds. *Criminal violence*, Beverly Hills, Calif.: Sage, 1982:
236-90, pp. 270-271.

5. Kleck G. *Crime control through the private use of armed force*.
Social Problems 1988: 35:1-21.

6. Ziegenhagen EA, Brosnan D. *Victim responses to robbery and crime
control policy*. Criminology. 1985: 23:675-695.

7. Lizotte AJ. *Determinants of completeing rape and assault*. Journal
of Quantitative Criminology. 1986: 2:203-217.

8. Sayles SL, Kleck G. *Rape and resistance*. Paper at the American Society
of Criminology convention, Chicago, 1988.

9. Mercy JA, Houk VN. *Firearm injuries: a call for science*. 
NEJM: 319:1283-1285.
==========================================================================

                             GUNS AND SPUTTER
                            by James D. Wright
          (from July 1989 issue of REASON, Free Minds & Free Markets)

      Someone once wrote: "Statistics are like a bikini.  What they real is
   suggestive, but what they conceal is vital."  The problem is demonstrated
   by the most recent entry in a long line of scientific research purporting
   to show a causal link between gun availability and homicide.  Funded by
   the federal government and published last year in the New England Journal
   of Medicine, the study compared homicide rates in Seattle and Vancouver and
   suggested that a handgun ban "may reduce the rate of homicide in a 
   community."
      The nine medical doctors who published "Handgun Regulations, Crime,
   Assaults, and Homicide" essentially reasoned in three steps: (1) Despite
   many historical, social, and demographic similarities, (2) Vancouver
   has a markedly lower homicide rate (3) because its stricter gun regulations
   make guns less available.  The second step in their reasoning seems
   indisputable.  The overall homicide rate in Seattle (for the period
   1980-86) was 11.3 per 100,000 popuation, compared with 6.9 in Vancouver.
   Homicide is definitely more common in Seattle.  The question then becomes,
   Why?
      The authors present a believable although not entirely accurate case
   to support the notion, as claimed in the third step of their reasoning,
   that Vancouver's handgun regulations are much more stringent.  But their
   evidence on the difference in gun *availabilty* is indirect and 
   unpersuasive; indeed, they acknowledge that direct evidence on the point
   does not exist.  They offer two fragments of inferential data in support
   of the claim that guns are more available in Seattle; but for all anybody
   knows as a matter of empirical fact, the opposite could be true.  We
   are therefore being asked, at the conclusion of the study, to believe that
   a difference in gun availability explains the difference in homicide rates
   when a difference in gun availability has not itself been established.
      Indeed, the situation is even more troublesome.  The first of the two
   indirect bits of evidence is a difference between the number of concealed-
   weapons permits issued in Seattle and the number of restricted-weapons
   permits issued in Vancouver.  Differences between the two cities in the
   permit regulations render these two numbers strictly noncomparable.
*     The second bit of evidence is "Cook's gun prevalence index," which stands
*  at 41 percent for Seattle but only 12 percent for Vancouver.  Cook's index
*  however, does not measure the relative prevalence of gun ownership in 
*  various cities.  It measures gun misuse--it is an average of the percentage
*  of homicides and suicides involving firearms.
*     In the present case, the index shows only that in homicides and suicides,
*  firearms are more likely to be used in Seatte than in Vancouver.  To take
*  Cook's index as a measure of general firearms availability, it must be
*  assumed that the proportional involvement of guns in homicides and suicides
*  is directly related to their relative availability in the general 
*  population.  But this is exactly what the authors are seeking to prove. To
*  assume what one is seeking to prove, then to "prove" it on the basis of
*  that assumption does ot constitute scientific evidence for anything.
      Even if we were to grant, on the basis of no compelling evidence, that
   guns are less common in Vancouver, we might still question what causes what.
   The authors attribute Seattle's higher crime rate to a higher rate of gun
   ownership.  But it might well be argued that low crime or homicide rates
   reduce the motivation for average citizens to obtain guns--in other words,
   that crime rates explain the variation in gun ownership, not vice versa.
      In fact, it was once commonly argued that Great Britain's low rate of
   violent crime was a function of that nation's strict gun laws and the 
   consequent low rate of gun ownership--until British researcher Colin 
   Greenwood found that Great Britain had enjoyed low rates of violent crime
   for many decades before strict firearms controls were enacted.  To invoke
   an ancient methodological saw, correlation is not cause.
      Nor do the problems with this study end with its lack of direct data
   on gun ownership.  The authors say Seattle and Vancouver are "similar in
   many ways," implying that they differ mainly in gun availability, gun-law
   stringency, and crime rates.  This is an evident attempt to establish
   the ceteris paribus condition of a sound scientific analysis--that "all
   else is equal" among things being compared.
*     Clearly the two cities are similar in some ways, but a closer look 
*  reveals differences in ways that are relevant to their respective crime
*  or homicide rates.  The cities are closely matched in what percentage
*  of their population is white (79 percent and 76 percent).  But Seattle
*  is about 10 percent black, while Vancouver is less than 0.5 percent.
*  Vancouver's minority population is overwhelmingly Asian.  So although the
*  authors show that th two cities are approximately comparable on a half-
*  dozen readily available demographic indicators, they have not shown
*  that all potentially relevant sources of variation have been ruled out.
*     In fact, the differences in racial compositions of the two cities is
*  particularly relevant in light of the study's breakdown of homicide rates
*  according to the race of the victim.  For the white majority, the homicide
*  rates are nearly identical--6.2 per 100,000 in Seattle, 6.4 in Vancouver.
*  The differing overall homicide rates in the two cities are therefore due
*  entirely to vastly different rates among racial minorities.  For blacks,
*  the observed difference in homicide rate is 36.6 to 9.5 and for Hispanics
*  26.9 to 7.9.  (Methodoligical complexities render the Asian comparison
*  problematic, but it too is higher in Seattle than in Vancouver.)  Racial
*  minorities are much more likely to be the victims of homicide in Seattle
*  than in Vancouver; the white majority is equally likely to be slain
*  in either city.
      Since the nearly 2:1 initial difference in homicide reates between the
   cities is due exclusively to 3:1 or 4:1 differences between minority 
   groups, it is fair to ask why postulated difference in "gun availability"
   (or gun-law strigency) would matter so dramatically to minorities but not
   matter at all to whites.  Can differential gun availability explain why
   blacks and Hispanics--but not whites--are so much more likely to be killed
   in Seattle than in Vancouver?  (Studies in the United States, incidentally,
   do not show large or consistent racial differences in gun ownership.)
      Or are other explanations more plausible?  Could the disparity between
   Canadian and American rates of poverty among racial minorities have 
   anything to do with it?  What are the relative rates of drug or alcohol 
   abuse?  Of homelessness among each cty's minority population?  (The city
   of Seattle runs the largest shelter for homeless men west of the 
   Mississippi.)  Unemployment among young, central-city, nonwhite men in the
   United States usually exceeds 40 percent.  What is the comparable Canadian
   percentage?
      The crucial point is that Canada and the United States differ in many
   ways, as do cities and population subgroups with the two countries.  Absent
   more detailed analysis, nearly any of these "many ways" might explain part
   or all of the difference in homicide rates.  In gross comparisons such
   as those between Seattle and Vancouver, all else is *not* equal.
*     The authors of this study acknowledge that racial patterns in homicide
*  result in a "complex picture."  They do not acknowledge that the ensuing
*  complexities seriously undercut the main thrust of their argument.  They
*  also acknowledge that "socio-economic status is probably an important
*  confounding factor in our comparison," remarking further that "blacks   
*  in Vancouver had a slightly higher mean income in 1981 than the rest of
*  Vancouver's population."  Given the evidence presented in the article,
*  it is possible that all of the difference in homicide rates between Seattle
*  and Vancouver results from greater proverty among Seattle's racial
*  minorities.  But the authors pay no further attention to this possibility,
*  since "detailed information about household incomes according to race
*  is not available for Vancouver."
      The largely insurmountable methodological difficulties confronted in 
   gross comparative studies of this sort can be illustrated with as simple
   example.  If one were to take all U.S. couties and compare them in terms
   of (1) pervalence of gun ownership and (2) crime or homicide rates, one 
   would find an astonishing pattern: Counties with more guns have less crime.
   Would one conclude from this evidence alone that guns actually reduce 
   crime?  Or would one insist that other variables also be taken into
   account?  In this example, the "hidden variable" is city size: Guns are
   more common in small towns and rural areas, whereas crime is a big-city
   problem.  If researchers failed to anticipate this variable, or lacked the
   appropriate data to examine its possible consequences, they coud be very
   seriously misled.  In the study at hand, the authors matched two cities
   for size but not for minority poverty rates or other hidden variables,
   and their results are impossible to interpret.
      In the editorial "Firearm Injuries: A Call for Science" accompanying
   the study, two officials from the Centers for Disease Control lauded the
   authors for applying "scientific methods" to a problem of grave public
   heath significance.  But in attempting to draw causal conclusions from
   nonexperimental research, the essence of scientific method is to anticipate
   plausible alternative explanations for the results and try to rule them
   out.  Absent such effort, the results may well seem scientific but are
   little more than polemics masquerading as serious research.  That this
   study is but one of a number of recent efforts--all employing practical
   identical research designs and published in leading scientific journals--
   is cause for further concern.

   [James D. Wright is professor of sociology at Tulane University.  He has
   researched extensively on the relationship of firearms and crime.]

Reason published monthly except combined August-September issue by the Reason
Foundation, a nonprofit, tax-exempt organization.  Subscription rate: $24.00 
per year.

Reason Foundation
2716 Ocean Park Blvd.
Suite 1062
Santa Monica, CA  90405

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53297
From: cower@csli.stanford.edu (Richard Cower)
Subject: Waco dates - are these coincidental?


The ATF agent interviewed on "Street Stories" reported that the raid was
ill planned, and went ahead even when they (the BD's) knew the ATF was 
coming. WHY?

I believe this raid was ill planned because they only had 2 days to plan it,
and it was continued when failure was obvious because it had a bit part
in the much larger political agenda of President Clinton. I would even 
suggest that the loss of 4 ATF agents is inconsequential in this the
context of his political agenda. It MIGHT even be beneficial to his agenda, 
as it helps point up just how evil these assualt weapons are. Further proof
might be that the ATF denied their agents (Street Stories report) requests
for sufficient fire power. 

Important dates: 
Feb 25th - NJ assembly votes to overturn assault weapon ban.
Feb 28th - Compound in Waco attacked.	   

On Feb. 25th the New Jersey assembly voted to overturn the assault weapon
ban in that state. It looked like it might be a tight vote, but the Senate
in N.J. was going to vote to overturn the ban. It would not sit well to have
an Eastern state overturn an assault weapon ban, given Clintons stated
agenda on gun control. I suspect Clinton gave the order to get someone or some
group with assualt weapons and have the press present (they were initially
at the incident in Waco) to record the event for the TV audience. The agent 
on "Street Stories" reported that a supervisor was urging them all to "get 
ready fast", as "they know we are coming". I believe this attack continued, 
even tho the probablility of failure was high,  because it came from the top 
down. After the N.J. assembly vote, the ATF had a limited amount of time to
come up with something, and the Wackos in Waco fit the bill nicely.

...rich 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53298
From: nagle@netcom.com (John Nagle)
Subject: Re: Gov't break-ins (Re: 60 minutes)

aj336@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Pat Weber) writes:
>>Ever notice that people in these cases are always described by clever
>>handles such as "eccentric", "religious wackos", "gun nuts", "cultists",
>>"survivalists", etc. so the general public will *not* identify with them?

       The San Jose Mercury News described him as "a 61-year old retired
chemical engineer".

					John Nagle

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53299
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:

>hambidge@bms.com wrote:
>: In article <C4psoG.C6@magpie.linknet.com>, manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:

>: >: Rate := per capita rate.  The UK is more dangerous.
>: >: Though you may be less likely to be killed by a handgun, the average
>: >: individual citizen in the UK is twice as likely to be killed
>: >: by whatever means as the average Swiss.  Would you feel any better
>: >: about being killed by means other than a handgun? I wouldn't.
>: 
>: >What an absurd argument.  Switzerland is one-fifth the size of the
>: >UK with one-eigth as many people therefore at any given point on
>: >Swiss soil you are more likely to be crow bait.  More importantly,
>: >you are 4x as likely to be killed by the next stranger approaching
>: >you on a Swiss street than in the UK.

Killed by handgun, or killed?  If I'm dead, I don't much care if it
was by being shot or stabbed to death.

>: You are betraying your lack of understanding about RATE versus TOTAL
>: NUMBER. Rates are expressed, often, as #/100,000 population.
>: Therefore, if a place had 10 deaths and a population of 100,000, the
>: rate would be 10/100,000.  A place that had 50 deaths and a population
>: of 1,000,000 would hav a rate of 5/100,000.  The former has a higher
>: rate, the latter a higher total.  You are less likely to die in the
>: latter.  Simple enuff?

>For chrissakes, take out your calculator and work out the numbers.
>Here... I've preformatted them for you to make it easier:

>			handgun homicides/population
>			----------------------------
>	Switzerland :	24 /  6,350,000
>	         UK :    8 / 55,670,000

>... and then tell me again how Switzerland is safer with a more
>liberal handgun law than the UK is without...by RATE or TOTAL NUMBER.
>Your choice.
>-- 
>Stephen Manes					   manes@magpie.linknet.com
>Manes and Associates				   New York, NY, USA  =o&>o

I don't think you can get an accurate indicator of how safe England is
compared to Switzerland by concentrating only on handgun murders and  
completely ignoring murders by other weapons, not to mention the rate of
other violent crimes.  If there are more guns in circulation, if follows
that more people will be killed with them 'cause they are available to
the person intent on committing a crime _regardless_ of whether they
have to do it with a gun, knife, or bare hands.  

The gun control lobby doesn't seem to understand this point.  If people
are intent on committing a crime, they will do it with whatever means
are available to them.  

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53300
From: nagle@netcom.com (John Nagle)
Subject: Re: WACO: The Militia Assembles


        Dumb move.  

        The smart move would be to sneak in someone with a TV camera
and video transmitter.  

					John Nagle

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53301
From: schabel@calspan.com (Dave Schabel)
Subject: Re: Gun Nuts and Holly Silva

In article <C4tsD1.1vA@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>In article <1993Apr1.010834.4326@mnemosyne.cs.du.edu> rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy) writes:
>>Both the " Gun Nuts" and the gays are aggressively defensive and quite
>>hostile to any one trying to deprive them of their rights.  Just like
>>any group trying to protect their rights.
>
>The fallacy of this whole thing is that YOUR RIGHTS ARE NOT IN JEAPARDY
>BY THESE POSTS.  

How can you say that?  I presume that you mean that talking about
restricting rights is not the same as restricting those rights.  Well,
arguing for those restrictions may lead to implementation, much
the same way as assault can lead to battery (legal definitions).

>Most t.p.g people and the homosexual groups won't even
>discuss the subject at all in a polite form.  The mere raising of a question
>as to why the rights are there or what exactly the 'right' encompasses
>bring shrill posts and angry/hostile traffic.  

Well, I can't speak for the homosexuals, but I've seen ALOT
of polite discussion on t.p.g.  Please, everyone, don't take
this guy's word, or mine for that matter, on it.  Read t.p.g.
for a while, and try to determine from which direction most of
the flameage originates.  If you post without flamebait, you
will generally receive reasoned responses.  True, there are
those who tend to lose their tempers quickly, as there are on
all newsgroups, but they really do feel their rights are in jeopardy.

Oh, and neat trick talking derisively about another newsgroup while
not crossposting to allow them to defend themselves.

>I think a lot of t.p.g people have very thin skin when it comes to 
>discussing these subjects.

Methinks you doth protest too much.

				Dave Schabel



-- 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Dave Schabel         | Opinions and comments contained herein are mine and  |
schabel@calspan.com  | do not necessarilly reflect those of Calspan Corp or |
Located in Western NY| its customers.                                       |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53302
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: ACLU (was Re: Waco Shootout ...)

jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:

>In article <1993Mar31.140529.10843@news.cs.indiana.edu> "Paul Hager"  
><hagerp@cs.indiana.edu> writes:
>> 
>> As an old post of mine came up in a collection of posts about
>> the ACLU's position on gun-control, I would like to note that my 
>> own position has been evolving.  But, I'm still not sure how to
>> answer the question, "does the 2nd allow me to have my own nuclear
>> device?"  

>The second amendment does not prohibit it, but it can probably be argued that  
>there is no way you can operate one without severely impacting on the safety  
>and rights of others, and so might not be permitted on that basis.

The existence of the weapon in and of itself (and this is also
true for biologics and chemical weapons, but for slightly different
reasons) poses a threat to living critters.  Can you say "neutron
and other radiation flux due to radioactive decay", boys and girls?

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53303
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: IMPORTANT HOLLY SILVA INFORMATION

In article <1pkojmINNmuq@cae.cad.gatech.edu>, vincent@cad.gatech.edu (Vincent Fox) writes:
> In a separate post over on soc.culture.usa she explicitly said that while
> she cross-posts to t.p.g and sets follow-ups to there, she does not READ
> talk.politics.guns. If you think about it, it's a clever way of keeping
> some of the politer respondents who will edit their newsgoup line, or
> properly use the follow-up: from being heard over there. It also makes it
> easier for her to claim all she ever sees is "squeaky weasels".

> So if you want her to see your insiteful analysis, e-mail it. If you
> want to point out her flaws in public, make sure your newsgroup line
> includes soc.culture.usa.

To keep from flooding s.c.u, I e-mailed it.  However, I agree that it's
quite the sneaky trick.  No more than I would expect, however.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53304
From: lwb@cs.utexas.edu (Lance W. Bledsoe)
Subject: Re: ATF suspects drug lab in compound

>In article <1993Mar28.180629.21574@mnemosyne.cs.du.edu> rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy) writes:
>>A Associated Press News story 3/28/93 reports:
>> 
>>"    In other developments Saturday, David Troy, intelligence chief for
>>the ATF, confirmed reports that authorities suspected the cult had a
>>methamphetamine lab.  He said evidence of possible drug activity
>>surfaced late in the ATF' investigation of the cult's gun dealings.

Wow, the scope of the mission of the ATF continues to expand.  Besides
Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms, they now seem to be involded in Child
Protective Services, Drug Enforcement and Tax Evasion.

They look to be on the road to being the nations *boys in blue*!
No Knock in one hand, M-16 in the other.  Zeik-Heil!!!

Lance



-- 
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|  Lance W. Bledsoe        lwb@im4u.cs.utexas.edu        (512) 258-0112  |
|  "Ye shall know the TRUTH, and the TRUTH shall make you free."         |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53308
From: lwb@cs.utexas.edu (Lance W. Bledsoe)
Subject: Re: Threatening Gun Owners

In article <7178@blue.cis.pitt.edu> gswst@cislabs.pitt.edu (Gary S. Wachs) writes:
>
>Hello,
>
>I'm writing a story on the future of Gun Control.  There are a
>few points I would welcome your opinion on.  It's wonderful having a
>resource like this newsgroup to take advantage of and I thank you in advance
>for your feedback!
>
>1. What do you believe are the most serious threats to gun-owners in the
>future?  
	* The Government
	* Liberals
	* BATF, FBI, DEA, etc.  (see #1)

>2. Are you concerned that the 2nd ammendment could be reinterpreted to
>apply to the armed forces only, barring civilians from owning arms of
>any kind?
	Well...
		contributions == taxes
		abortion == elimination of fetal tissue
		Clinton == president
		faggot == spouse
	It could happen...

>3. If you did have control over what types of arms people would be allowed
>to buy, which types would you feel compelled to restrict to military
>uses only (ie. bazooka, M16, grenade, atomic bomb, etc.)
	Hydrogen Bomb, perhaps.
	
>4. Would you describe HCI and all other gun control activists as being
>determined to make it illegal for a civilian to own or use a firearm?
	Yep.

>5. Have you personally read the Brady Bill in its entirety?
	Yep.

>Thank again,
>
>Gary


-- 
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|  Lance W. Bledsoe        lwb@im4u.cs.utexas.edu        (512) 258-0112  |
|  "Ye shall know the TRUTH, and the TRUTH shall make you free."         |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53309
From: aj359@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Christopher C. Morton)
Subject: Re: Waco Shootout Highlights Total Irresponsibility of the


In a previous article, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) says:

>Come on, guys, looks like its time to move that juvenile public-post
>either to E-mail or to a different newsgroup (alt.sex.bondage.holly.silva?).

No, Brent that would be
alt.sex.bondage.holly.silva.goofy.anti.semite.... :)

-- 
*************************************************************************
If you were smarter, you'd have these opinions....
*******************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53310
From: "George Guillory" <wk04942@worldlink.com>
Subject: Tx. Senator Bob Krueger RTKBA statement

For those of you interested, I just finished talking with a 
representative of Senator Bob Krueger's reelection campaign about his 
position on the RTKBA.  Krueger was appointed by the  Democratic Governor 
of Texas to complete Lloyd Bentsen's unexpired term.

The representative said that Senator Krueger did not have a position and 
would only comment on specific legislation that was pending.  No comment 
was available on the various versions of the Brady Bill.

Be warned and vote accordingly.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53311
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Govs. Florio, Wilder Hit Airwaves In Support of Brady Bill

In article <1993Apr1.015043.5662@r-node.hub.org>, ndallen@r-node.hub.org (Nigel Allen) writes:
> Here is a press release from Handgun Control Inc.

>    "It is ironic that Jim and I are observing this March 30 in a
> country that finds America's level of gun violence not only
> unacceptable, but unbelievable," said Mrs. Brady, chair of Handgun
> Control Inc.

So where was she?  And would she consider staying there?
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53312
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Re: I believe in gun control.

In article <1993Apr3.221837.2324@news.duc.auburn.edu> bixledn@eng.auburn.edu writes:
>In article 16193@cbnews.cb.att.com, lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:
>> No, you haven't read it very closely .  It says you may answer "No" if your
>> civil rights have been restored; that can be done either by the feds' or a
>> a state.  I think the feds stopped doing this for those convicted of violent
>> felonies.  At least a dozen states still restore a felons civil rights, some
>> immediately upon release, some after a waiting period.  I will post a list
>> of the states later.
>> 
>
>  A quick question, then Larry, If a person's civil rights have been restored, 
>  then are they still considered a felon?

Good question; I don't know what the law considers them.

>  IMO, if rights have been restored, then it makes sense to me that the
>  record of the felony, and everything else has been purged, and the
>  person in question is no longer a felon.

I believe this is what happens in some states.
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53313
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Lavishly Funded "Gun Epidemic" Propaganda Campaign to Commence

In article <C4txEK.FCq@magpie.linknet.com>, manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
> Morris the Cat (rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com) wrote:
> 
> : Well, as Neal Knox of the Firearms Coalition points out, the full
> : force of the anti-gun ruling class, their multi-millions, their
> : polling organizations, their schools, their news media, their
> : "entertainment" media
> 
> The entertainment media... a "force of the anti-gun ruling class"??
> Is this the same media that's made billions producing films and
> television that glorify guns and gun users?  Or is that another
> anti-gun media?
> 
> You've got to be kidding.

By this, do you mean that you consider it absolutely impossible for the
media to be guilty of hypocrisy?

Note that the film industry in California traded their political support
for an "assault weapon" ban in the state for an amendment to the bill
exempting the entertainment industry from that very ban.

Note that the very issue of the Batman comic book ("Seduction of the Gun")
that was produced as a tool for gun-control organizations carries a back-
page ad for a "Terminator II" video game extolling the numerous and
varied sophisticated weapons available to the player.

Note that Arthur Ochs Sulzberger, publisher of the NY Times -- one of the
oldest and most incessant gun-control grinders -- himself carries a
concealed handgun.

Still, you find it completely incredible that these folks live by the 
aphorism, "Do as I say, and not as I do."
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53314
From: hays@ssd.intel.com (Kirk Hays)
Subject: Re: Govs. Florio, Wilder Hit Airwaves In Support of Brady Bill

In article <1993Apr5.015209.29431@ucsu.Colorado.EDU>, fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary) writes:
|> In article <1993Apr2.231109.23378@msc.cornell.edu> srussell@msc.cornell.edu (Stephen Russell) writes:
|> >ObGuns:  I'm moving to Arizona; everyone carries guns there.  If I don't, what
|> >are the approximate probabilities that I'll get shot by the end of six months?
|> 
|> Under 1 in 20,000 assuming FBI statistics are meaningfull.

Of course, if you're a criminal, or hang around with criminals, or
flash large wads of cash in the wilder parts of town, or utter verbal
bigotry in the right public places, your chances of being shot are much
higher.

Avoiding these behaviors, on the other hand, decreases your chances of
being shot.

Something like 60% of all murders are criminals killing criminals. 
Over 90% of murders are committed by people with a prior *known*
history of violence.

Simplistic moral, suitable for my three year old, and most inane
posters:  "Bad people do bad things - repeatedly."

-- 
Kirk Hays - NRA Life, seventh generation.
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to
do nothing."  -- Edmund Burke (1729-1797)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53315
From: paull@hplabsz.hpl.hp.com (Robert Paull)
Subject: Re: Waco dates - are these coincidental?

Richard Cower (cower@csli.stanford.edu) wrote:
: 
: I believe this raid was ill planned because they only had 2 days to plan it,
: and it was continued when failure was obvious because it had a bit part
: in the much larger political agenda of President Clinton. I would even 
: suggest that the loss of 4 ATF agents is inconsequential in this the
: context of his political agenda. It MIGHT even be beneficial to his agenda, 
: as it helps point up just how evil these assualt weapons are. Further proof
: might be that the ATF denied their agents (Street Stories report) requests
: for sufficient fire power. 
: 
: Important dates: 
: Feb 25th - NJ assembly votes to overturn assault weapon ban.
: Feb 28th - Compound in Waco attacked.	   
: 
: On Feb. 25th the New Jersey assembly voted to overturn the assault weapon
: ban in that state. It looked like it might be a tight vote, but the Senate
: in N.J. was going to vote to overturn the ban. It would not sit well to have
: an Eastern state overturn an assault weapon ban, given Clintons stated
: agenda on gun control. I suspect Clinton gave the order to get someone or
: some: group with assualt weapons and have the press present (they were
: initially
: at the incident in Waco) to record the event for the TV audience. The agent 
: on "Street Stories" reported that a supervisor was urging them all to "get 
: ready fast", as "they know we are coming". I believe this attack continued, 
: even tho the probablility of failure was high,  because it came from the top 
: down. After the N.J. assembly vote, the ATF had a limited amount of time to
: come up with something, and the Wackos in Waco fit the bill nicely.
: 
: ...rich 


   I don't know Rich. Last year when the congress was debating the Bushmans
'Crime Bill', the incident at Lubys' cafe occured. Most of the anti-gun
crap was amended out of the bill anyway. 

   
   Could a president 'order': go find some 'assault weapons' and bring the
media". I hope not.  Frankly, the Toon-meister* scares me. Of course 
having a Democratic majority in congress doesn't help. (Apologies to all 
Demos' who support RKBA)

( *definition: toon-meister - a characatureic name for the current 
president of the U.S.:   Clinton aka, Clintoon aka Toon-meister.)

Rob P.





Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53316
From: slagle@lmsc.lockheed.com (Mark Slagle)
Subject: Re: NRA Fucks Up Bigtime

In article <1993Apr5.042450.2071@cbnewse.cb.att.com>, doctor1@cbnewse.cb.att.com (patrick.b.hailey) writes:

> In article <SLAGLE.93Mar29232337@sgi417.msd.lmsc.lockheed.com> slagle@lmsc.lockheed.com writes:

>>In article <xw1twyl@dixie.com>, jgd@dixie.com (John De Armond) writes:

>>> No, actually I'm a lot more familiar with the libbers than I
>>> care to be.  I'm a bit hesitant to continue this thread because
>>> it brings back horrible memories of my first encounter with the
>>> libbers in the LaRouche branch.  I made the mistake of buying a

>>Any connection between Lyndon LaRouche and the Libertarian Party
>>is a pure product of your own fertile imagination.  

> Naw, perhaps he reads Time magazine.

It's a fair stretch of anyone's imagination to expect them to
attach any credibility to anything written in Time magazine in
the past twenty years, I'd imagine.  The Enquirer at least gets
the names attached to the right body parts.

=Mark
--
----
Mark E. Slagle                                 PO Box 61059
slagle@lmsc.lockheed.com                       Sunnyvale, CA   94088
408-756-0895                                   USA

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53317
From: jyoung@Cadence.COM (John Young)
Subject: FFL&gunsmithing questions

I have a few questions I'd like to ask;
First,How would someone(me)be able to get a dealers license    
and second,besides dear old departed gramp's,where would I
find a good place to learn gunsmithing.
		all replies appreciated!
			John



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53318
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C4tr3M.Eqw@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>On the other hand, we can draw lessons from neighbors who are more
>culturally similar, namely the Canadians...

I don't think such a Canada is any more "culturally similar" to
the United States than England. In terms of laws regarding individual
rights, restrictions on police searches, etc... (all closely
related to crime) Canadian laws parallel England's and differ
greatly from those of the United States.
  
>...In fact, an exhaustive,
>seven-year study has already been done of the respective crime rates
>of Vancouver, British Columbia and Seattle, Washington... cities
>with roughly the same population, urban economy, geography
>and crime but with decidedly different approaches to gun control.

Actually, they do not have "roughly the same... urban economy", 
and extremely different ethnic composition.

>Over the seven-year study, 388 homicides occurred in Seattle
>(11.3 per 100,000) vs. 204 homicides in Vancouver (6.9 per 100,000).
>After adjustment for differences in age and sex among the populations,
>the relative risk of being a victim of homicide in Seattle, as
>compared to Vancouver, was found to be 1.63.

However, if you account for economic and ethnic differences,
the difference disappears completely: Seattle's minorities are
predominatly poor, while Vancouver's are middle or upper class.
The rates for whites in both cities were found to be identicle,
while the rate for poor, Seattle minorities was almost three
times as great as for the well-to-do minorities of Vancouver.
The pattern seems to be one of poverty and race relations, not
one of gun control.

>The authors of the report also investigated "legally justifiable"
>homicides (self-defense).  Only 32 such homicides occurred during
>the seven-year study, 11 of which were committed by police.  Only
>21 cases of civilians acting in self-defense occurrred...

That is a gross distortion: "Self-defense" does not mean killing
the attacker. There were 21 cases of civilians killing their 
attacker in self-defence. But such cases represent less that
0.5% of the crimes prevented by armed self-defence; for every
case you cite, there were over 200 other cases of self-defence
where the crime was prevented but the attacker was not killed.
(0.5%, by the way, is the most conservative possible figure,
based on the National Crime Survey's estimate of 80,000
crimes prevented by armed self-defence each year. Most other 
studies on the subject put the figure at 500,000 to 600,000.
Those figures would imply less than 0.08% of sucessful self-defences
involve killing the attacker.) 

So, more correctly, there over 4000 (possibly as many as 25,000) 
cases of civilians acting in self-defence, only 21 of which resulted
in the death of the attacker. This is a significant factor, in
comparison to the 592 homicides. If memory serves, homicides
make up approximately 1% of the violent crimes the study
considered, so the fair comparison would be 40 - 250 homicides
prevented and 592 homicides. Clearly, the study can not be
close to accurate, since it ignored these cases of self-defence.

                                                Frank Crary
                                                CU Boulder

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53319
From: eyc@acpub.duke.edu (EMIL CHUCK)
Subject: Re: Bill 'Blame America First' Clinton Strikes Again.

jeddi@next06pg2.wam.umd.edu (Anheuser Busch) writes:
 >This argument sounds very stupid.. if the ability to make guns from
 >"simple metalworking" was easy,  then Drug dealers would make their own 
 >wouldn't they???.. why spend hundreds of dollars buying a gun that
 >somebody else made cheap and is selling it to you at an
 >exorbitant markup???... The simple truth of the matter is, that regardless
 >of how easy it is to make guns, banning guns will reduce the 
 >the number of new guns and seriuosly impede the efforts of a 
 >killer intent on buying a weapon....
 >To show why the tools argument is the silliest i have ever seen.. take an
 >analogy from computer science... almost every computer science major
 >can write a "wordprocessor" yet we(comp sci majors)  would willingly pay 3  
 >to 400 bucks for a professional software like wordperfect... why don't we  
 >just all write our own software???...... Because it is highly  
 >inconvinient!!!..
 >Same with guns... secondly.. how does one get this gunpowder for the 
 >"home made gun" ??? Take a quick trip to the local 7-eleven???.
 > If guns were really that simple to make... the Bosnian muslims would
 >be very happy people (or is it the case that metalworking tools are
 >banned in bosnia??? (deep sarcasm)  ).
 >
 >well this is my two cents..
 >   i will now resume reading all these ridiculus post from people
 >     who must make their living doing stand-up comedy.
** END OF FORWARDED MATERIAL **

-- 
And so, the rubber spheroid arced beneath the brilliant lights.
Headed for a hoop of dreams he'd dreamt of all those nights.
The crowd gasped as the ball descended; Would it grant their fondest wish?
There was no doubt in Casey's mind, He knew it was a *SWISH*!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53320
From: tms@cs.umd.edu (Tom Swiss (not Swift, not Suiss, Swiss!))
Subject: Re: Fwd: FREE NRA MEMBERSHIP OFFER

andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:
>
>The NRA supports anyone who's pro-gun and has a chance of winning
>election, regardless of their other positions.  Is it their fault that
>some drug-legalizers are anti-gun?  Is it their fault that the
>drug-legalizers who are pro-gun can't get elected?

     It's not the NRA's fault; but it is something to consider if you are
considering contributing to the NRA. If candidate B is a complete asshole
whose only saving grace is that he opposes unnecessary restrictions on
firearms, I wouldn't want my membership dues funding efforts to get him
re-elected.

     I have other problems with the NRA (as an organization; the individual
members I've met have been loyal, trustworthy, honest, brave, etc.,
especially my boss who probably reads this newsgroup B->); they are
definitely pro-hunting, and I recall seeing a pro-Desert Storm NRA bumper
sticker. Sometimes they come on too strong in the political arena, which
contributes to their reputation as "bad guys" amoung many people.

===============================================================================
Tom Swiss/tms@cs.umd.edu  |  "Born to die"   |   Keep your laws off my brain!
     "What's so funny 'bout peace, love and understanding?" - Nick Lowe 
     This .sig contains no animal products and was not tested on animals.
"I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent
 less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her
 sweetness and respecting her seniority." -- E.B. White


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53321
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: the usual

kendall@lds.loral.com (Colin Kendall 6842) writes:

>I just heard some anti-gun-control people giving the usual arguments:
>It's everyone's right to bear arms, and the way to solve the problem
>of people getting killed by guns is better law enforcement.

>It strikes me that this argument could be logically extended as follows:

>A nuclear weapon is an "arm", hence anyone has a right to have 
>nuclear weapons. And if someone uses his nuclear weapons to blow
>up New York, L.A., and Chicago, that's okay as long as we have a
>good police force capable of finding him and putting him in jail, 
>which will serve as a deterrent to others.

>Do any anti-gun-control people disagree with this, and if so,  why?

Yes, I am pro-gun, and yes, I do disagree with this statement.
Nuclear weapons in and of themselves are dangerous.  Radioactive
decay of plutonium and uranium, as well as the tritium in the
weapon, tends to be somewhat dangerous to living things.
(Can you say "neutron flux"?)  Plus these things have no self-
defense purposes.  It's kinda hard to justify their use as
a militia weapon when at best they are meant for battlefield use
(low-yield weapons) or at worst for industrial target obliteration
(translation:  cities and population centers).  Not to mention that
for it to be used as a militia weapon and expect the user to live
requires some sort of launch vehicle . . .

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53322
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C4tsHu.Ew6@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>: That's all very well and good, but I was refering to all
>: homocides, not just ones involving handguns (what is this fixation
>: on death by shooting, as if it were somehow worse than death
>: by stabbing?)

>What relevance are ALL homicides in this debate?...
>The issue is guns, not baseball bats.

No. The issue is reducing crime, not guns. If gun control doesn't
lower crime overall, then is doesn't address the issue.

>...Even a simpleton knows that
>he stands a better chance of surviving an attack with a baseball bat...

Does that matter if assaults with a baseball bat become much
more common? Muggers using a gun rely primarily on the
threat of the gun, and rarely shoot their victim. A mugger
using a knife is much more likely to start by stabbing his victim 
in an effort incapacitate him. So, while a knif may not
be as deadly as a gun, criminals are more likely to actually
_use_ the knife (as opposed to threatening the victim with it.)
It isn't at all clear that replacing the criminal's gun with a
knife would reduce murders. Stabbings might just become more
common. That's why it is important to look at the overall
(not the with-gun) homicide rate. It avoids the issue of
substitution, different criminal techinques of using different
weapons, etc... and measures what we want to prevent: Murders.

>As for knives, see my earlier post.  I'd much rather face a knife
>than a gun, thanks.  

"Face"? Possibly. However, facing knife-welding attackers isn't
too common: Stabbing without warning and by supprise is the
usual tactic. Very few criminals shoot from cover: It attracts
to much attention and they don't have a chance to go through your
pockets. Overall, I'd much rather be threatened with a gun
than actually stabbed with a knife.

>...Fortunately, the best defense against a knife isn't
>another knife.  Anyone trained in unarmed self-defense won't have
>much of a problem disarming a knife assailant untrained in knife
>assault (which probably means 99.9% of knife assailants).

Actually, the exact same statement is true of guns: Training in
unarmed self-defence will let you disarm an untrained gunman 
without much problem.

You also ignore the criminal's reaction: The National Crime
Survey clearly shows that criminals (unarmed, armed with a
knife, gun or whatever) are unwilling to risk their lives
in a confrontation. If faced with a serious threat, almost
all prefer to leave and find an easier target. Therefore,
using (or threatening to use, as is much more commonly the case)
a weapon _is_ the best defence against an attacker, regardless
of how he is armed. Knives, however, are much less effective
than guns: Criminals don't consider knifes as a "serious threat"
nearly as often as they do guns.

                                              Frank Crary
                                              CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53323
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C4u3x5.Fw7@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>I don't know how anyone can state that gun control could have NO
>effect on homicide rates.

I don't think anyone is arguing that there would be no effect. But
there would be no _net_ _positive_ effect. You also have to 
consider the negative side: Law abiding citizens, armed with 
fireamrs (pistols for the most part), prevent between 80,000
(National Crime Survey) and 1,000,000 (Dr. Kleck) crimes
each year. (Those are the extremes. Most studies find
the number to be 500,000 to 600,000.) About 1% of those crimes are
homicides, so private ownership of firearms _saves_ approximately
5,000 lives each year. There are roughly 12,000 criminal homicides
and fatal accidents involving guns each year. For there to 
be any net benefit, you would have to show that gun control measures
would disarm over 40% of the criminals currently using guns.
That would be very hard to do: According the the federal BATF,
only 8% of criminals buy their guns over the counter. Since
gun control laws, by their very nature, only effect legal
sales, such a law would remove all the benefits of armed,
law-abiding citizens while having only a minimal effect on
armed criminals (who, by and large, get their guns illegally.) 
That doesn't sound like a net benefit to me.
  
>...There were over 250 >accidental< handgun
>homicides in America in 1990, most with licensed weapons.

Since most were with licensed weapons, I assume you are not
supporting "reasonable" laws (i.e. waiting periods, background
checks, licenses, etc...). Since only a complete ban would 
alter the statistic you refer to, I assume that's what you
are supporting.

By the way, 1135 people dies in 1986 from falling down stairs.
250 accidental handgun deaths isn't significant next to 
other household accidents.

>...More
>American children accidentally shot other children last year (15)
>than all the handgun homicides in Great Britain.

1080 children under the age of 10 died by drowning, 69 from 
drinking poisonous household chemicals (like Drano), 139 from
falls. If the real goal is to reduce the tragic, accidental
deaths of children, wouldn't a ban on drain cleaners be a 
better palce to start? (Or, perhaps, restricting ownership to
professionals like plumbers?)

>...Please... no dictionary arguments about RATES vs
>TOTAL NUMBERS, okay?  They're offered for emphasis, not comparison).

While you might call it "emphasis", refering to completely two
statistics in the same sentence _implies_ a comparison. If it
isn't valid, and you put the numbers together to convince people
you are right, the kindest thing I could call it is propaganda.

                                                      Frank Crary
                                                      CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53324
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C4tM1H.ECF@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>: You are betraying your lack of understanding about RATE versus TOTAL
>: NUMBER. Rates are expressed, often, as #/100,000 population.
>: Therefore, if a place had 10 deaths and a population of 100,000, the
>: rate would be 10/100,000.  A place that had 50 deaths and a population
>: of 1,000,000 would hav a rate of 5/100,000.  The former has a higher
>: rate, the latter a higher total.  You are less likely to die in the
>: latter.  Simple enuff?

>For chrissakes, take out your calculator and work out the numbers.
>Here... I've preformatted them for you to make it easier:

>			handgun homicides/population
>			----------------------------
>	Switzerland :	24 /  6,350,000
>	         UK :    8 / 55,670,000

>... and then tell me again how Switzerland is safer with a more
>liberal handgun law than the UK is without...by RATE or TOTAL NUMBER.
>Your choice.

Because there are about 40 homicides total (i.e. using guns, knives,
tire-irons, baseball bats, bare hands, etc...) in Switzerland
each year and 850 homicides, total, in England. That's three
times worse per capita in England than in Switzerland. Since
dead is dead, it really doesn't matter that 60% of the Switz
murders involved a gun or that only 0.9% of the English murderers
do. 

                                            Frank Crary
                                            CU Boulder    

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53325
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Bill 'Blame America First' Clinton Strikes Again.

In article <12741@news.duke.edu> eyc@acpub.duke.edu (EMIL CHUCK) writes:
> >This argument sounds very stupid.. if the ability to make guns from
> >"simple metalworking" was easy,  then Drug dealers would make their own 
> >wouldn't they???..

They do. According the the Los Angeles Police Department, illegal
manufacture is one the three primary sources of machine guns and
submachine guns used in crimes (sumggling and theft from the
police and military being the other two.) Washington D.C. police
have stated that 40% (If I'm remembering the figure correctly) of
the guns they conficate were illegally built.

> >...why spend hundreds of dollars buying a gun that
> >somebody else made cheap and is selling it to you at an
> >exorbitant markup???...

It takes about 6 hours and a few tools to make one (at least one
of reasonable quality). Unless the drug dealer enjoyes messing
around on a lathe (say, as a hobby), he's going to have to 
pay someone anyway. Materials plus six hours of a machinist's
time for something legal would run about $100. The blackmarket
prices for guns are usually in the $50 to $200 range (at least
those few I've seen cited in newspaper articles were...)

> >...The simple truth of the matter is, that regardless
> >of how easy it is to make guns, banning guns will reduce the 
> >the number of new guns and seriuosly impede the efforts of a 
> >killer intent on buying a weapon....

Washington D.C. has a total ban on handguns and prohibits assembled
rifles within city limits. It's homicide rate is almost ten
times the national average. It is also illegal for a D.C.
resident to drive to the Virginia or Maryland suburbs and
buy a gun (dealers are required by federal law to check IDs
and make sure the buyer isn't from another state) so the ban 
can not be easily side-stepped.

> >To show why the tools argument is the silliest i have ever seen.. take an
> >analogy from computer science... almost every computer science major
> >can write a "wordprocessor" yet we(comp sci majors)  would willingly pay 3  
> >to 400 bucks for a professional software like wordperfect... why don't we  
> >just all write our own software???...... Because it is highly  
> >inconvinient!!!..

Sure. But it you couldn't buy one, you would write your own (in
fact, people _did_ write their own 15 years ago...) More likely,
you would find a friend who was a particularly good programer
and get him give you a copy of his. Software is a _very_ bad
example for your case: How many people do you know with illegal
copies of $400 word processors? If people want something, and
it isn't available (or affordable) legally, they will usually
get it illegally.

> >Same with guns...

Quite.

> >secondly.. how does one get this gunpowder for the 
> >"home made gun" ???

13-3-2. The formula has been around for half a million years.
Or are you going to restrict sales of sulpher, charcoal and
saltpeter? That's alot cruder than modern smokless powder, but
it works very well. The only real problems are a ~25% reduction
in energy (so a .357 magnum would "only" be as deadly as a 9mm)
and it makes alot more smoke... Of course, a smart black marketeer
could just make the gun in 9mm and steal the ammunition from the
police (the police are often corruptable, and things are known
to disappear from police evidence rooms and armories and
reappear on the streets...)

> > If guns were really that simple to make... the Bosnian muslims would
> >be very happy people (or is it the case that metalworking tools are
> >banned in bosnia??? (deep sarcasm)  ).

Perhaps you weren't watching the news two years ago, but the Serbs 
also tried to invade Slovinia. They were driven out after a few
weeks by partisans armed with home-made _anti-tank_ weapons.
The Afghan rebels frequently made their own rifles. 

                                                Frank Crary
                                                CU Boulder

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53326
From: franceschi@pasadena-dc.bofa.com
Subject: Re: Gov't break-ins (Re: 60 minutes)

On a Los Angeles radio station last weekend, the lawyers for the
family of the MURDERED rancher said that the Los Angeles Sheriff's
Department had an assessment done of the rancher's property before
the raid.

This strongly implies that the sheriff's department wanted the property;
any drugs (which were not found) were only an excuse.

In Viet Nam, Lt Calley was tried and convicted of murder because his
troops, in a war setting, deliberately killed innocent people. It is time
that the domestic law enforcement agencies in this country adhere to
standards at least as moral as the military's.

Greed killed the rancher, possibly greed killed the Davidian children.
Government greed.

It is time to prosecute the leaders who perform these invasions.


Fred Franceschi   (These are my own opinions!)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53327
From: manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

J. Spencer (J.M.Spencer@newcastle.ac.uk) wrote:
: manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:

: >Jim De Arras (jmd@cube.handheld.com) wrote:
: >: > Last year the US suffered almost 10,000 wrongful or accidental
: >: > deaths by handguns alone (FBI statistics).  In the same year, the UK
: >: > suffered 35 such deaths (Scotland Yard statistics).  The population
: >: > of the UK is about 1/5 that of the US (10,000 / (35 * 5)).  Weighted
: >: > for population, the US has 57x as many handgun-related deaths as the
: >: > UK.  And, no, the Brits don't make up for this by murdering 57x as
: >: > many people with baseball bats.

: [snip]

: If you examine the figures, they do. Stabbing is favourite, closely
: followed by striking, punching, kicking. Many more people are burnt to
: death in Britain as are shot to death. Take at look and you'll see for
: yourself. 

It means that very few people are shot to death in Great Britain.
-- 
Stephen Manes					   manes@magpie.linknet.com
Manes and Associates				   New York, NY, USA  =o&>o


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53328
From: manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

Jim De Arras (jmd@cube.handheld.com) wrote:
: In article <C4u3x5.Fw7@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve  
: Manes) writes:
: [...]
: > I don't know how anyone can state that gun control could have NO
: > effect on homicide rates.  There were over 250 >accidental< handgun
: > homicides in America in 1990, most with licensed weapons.  More
: > American children accidentally shot other children last year (15)
: > than all the handgun homicides in Great Britain.  (Source: National
: > Safety Council.  Please... no dictionary arguments about RATES vs
: > TOTAL NUMBERS, okay?  They're offered for emphasis, not comparison).
: > 

: You're a great debater.  You chose your sources of information, claim them
: to  be superior,

I've made no such claim.  Please direct my attention towards any
posting of mine where I claimed superior sources of information.
It's probably because I bothered to post any references at all while
others seem content to post numbers pulled from the ozone, that
you've confused it with fact-twisting.  If so, I apologize.  

: then take those twisted numbers and twist them further by trying  

Well then, here's fair opportunity for you to prove that I've "twisted
numbers."  On what grounds do you contradict those references?  Do you have
any citations... any sources of your own that I can take similar
gratuitous shots at?

: to compare absolute numbers between two countries that have major population  
: differences, the USA and GB, and then whine that you are afraid someone might  
: attack your process, and so claim the numbers are for "emphasis, not  
: comparison"?  Emphasis of what?

Nitpicking and scolding is a whiney debating style, Jim.

: Anything else is blowing smoke.

You seddit, brudda.
 
-- 
Stephen Manes					   manes@magpie.linknet.com
Manes and Associates				   New York, NY, USA  =o&>o


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53329
From: kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT)
Subject: Re: A universal RIGHT to bear arms? NOT!

nathan@laplace.biology.yale.edu (Nathan F. Janette) writes:
>In article <1993Apr2.080842.3554@a.cs.okstate.edu> kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu  
(KENNEDY JAMES SCOT) writes:
> gary@ke4zv.uucp (Gary Coffman) writes:
>> >In article <1993Apr1.173759.4636@cs.yale.edu>  
nathan@laplace.biology.yale.edu writes:
>> >>In article <C4sK5w.Lsr@ms.uky.edu> miles@ms.uky.edu (Stephen D. Grant)  
writes:
>> >>> nathan@laplace.biology.yale.edu (Nathan F. Janette) writes:
>> >> >
>> >>> >I suppose that's true if you maintain that AK-47s and AR-15s are hunting
>> >>> >weapons.  I think they are fun to "plink" cans/targets/random VC with,
>> >>> >but not suitable for "real" hunting.  
>> >>> 
>> >>>  Wrong. Both are legal to hunt with here in Kentucky. I have a picture of
>> >>>  a friend with a nice 8-point buck which he shot with his AR-15 rifle.
>> >>
>> >>I don't think many deer hunters would condone your friends choice of
>> >>rifle. 
> 
>> >I must agree with Nathan. As a deer hunter, I find it inhumane to use
>> >underpowered weapons for deer hunting. To kill cleanly with the little
>> >.223 requires extremely good marksmanship. Most hunting situations don't
>> >allow for "perfect" shots. Hunters should use sufficiently powerful
>> >weapons to drop the deer with a single hit to the chest. The 7.62x39
>> >from the AKS-47 or SKS is adequate to this task, having similar ballistics
>> >to the familiar 30-30, but the little .223 is very marginal. In the
>> >hands of the expert, or the lucky, it will do, but hunters really
>> >should have more respect for their quarry. 
> 
>> >Gary
> 
>> I'll agree that the popular 55 gr. loading for .223 rem.  is too small for
>> deer-sized game.  However, if you use a 70 gr. semi-spritzer or the Sierra
>> 63 gr. semi-pointed bullet this would be suitable (like any round,
>> you keep your shots within a reasonable range).  It would still be on the
>> lower end of what I'd consider acceptable performance, especially those
>> long distance shots out West hunting Monster Mule Deer.  The .223 rem. has
>> been declared legal for deer hunting in Oklahoma.
> 
>> The .223 is excellent for varmit hunting and pest control.  The AR-15 in
>> particular is well suited, given its heavy barrel and heat shielded foregrip.
>> Add a high-power scope, and you're in "Dog heaven".
> 
>> However, I don't think Nathan Janette was refering to the specific chambering
>> of the rifle in question.  Maybe he thinks self loading rifles have no
>> place in deer hunting.  That may (or may not) be his opinion, but many
>> sportsmen do use self loading rifles and shotguns.

>Wrongo, NRA man.  I was definitely referring to the round, not the
>auto-loading aspect of the rifle.  I have no problem with *responsible*
>hunting.  That doesn't include machine guns from choppers, but a semi is
>fine.  My uncle has bagged several deer with 12 gauge slugs.  I would prefer
>that a hunter use as much of the catch as possible, and I don't condone
>hunting for "sport" only. 

>IMHO, of course.  

Two questions:

1)  You asserted that both the AR-15 and AK-47 are not suitable for
   "real hunting".  If you have no problem with hunting, or using
   self loading rifles for hunting, why did you say this?  If not
   for deer, then what about other, smaller game?

2)  When did I get the nickname "NRA man"?  Notice I have never referred
   to you as "Janette" which you don't seem to like.  Do I get any
   super-powers, like Spider Man or Powdered Toast Man?

Scott Kennedy    Brewer, Patriot, and now NRA-Man, defender of Truth,
                 Justice, and the 2nd Amendment.

kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53330
From: hays@ssd.intel.com (Kirk Hays)
Subject: Re: Gov't break-ins (Re: 60 minutes)

In article <1993Apr5.155733.114@pasadena-dc.bofa.com>, franceschi@pasadena-dc.bofa.com writes:
|> On a Los Angeles radio station last weekend, the lawyers for the
|> family of the MURDERED rancher said that the Los Angeles Sheriff's
|> Department had an assessment done of the rancher's property before
|> the raid.

The briefing documents for the raid had a notation on them about a
similar local property which had sold for $800,000 prior to the
raid, if recent TV coverage can be believed.

|> This strongly implies that the sheriff's department wanted the property;
|> any drugs (which were not found) were only an excuse.

The Ventura County DA came to the same conclusion in the report he
released, which lambasted the Sheriff's Office.

Too bad the old man was nearly blind, and didn't take a few
goose-stepping Drug Warriors (TM) with him.

-- 
Kirk Hays - NRA Life, seventh generation.
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to
do nothing."  -- Edmund Burke (1729-1797)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53331
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: a universal RIGHT to bear arms? NOT!

rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat) writes:


>||	Wrong again, but if you want proof: turn on your TV and look
>||for a show starring Chuck Connors.  It was called, "The Rifleman."
>||Time how fast he can fire that old lever-action rifle.

>|Believe it or not, I remember seeing an advertisement for someone
>|selling one of these; apparently Winchester produced a bunch of
>|these commercially to commemorate the television show. I believe it was 
>|being sold as a handgun because of the barrel length and lack of a stock.

>I might be mistaking the above weapon for the gun used by Steve
>McQueen in "Wanted: Dead or Alive." If so, sorry. Did Winchester
>make any commemorative models of the rifle used by Chuck Connors
>in the movie? Chuck Connors was an NRA member before he died recently...

I don't know for sure if Winchester made any commemeratives.  If I
recall correctly, the rifle itself was a .44-40 Model 92 with an
oversized loop lever.  I don't think Winchester makes this rifle
any more.  Rossi make a Model 92 look-alike in .38 Special and
.357 Magnum.

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53332
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: ACLU (was Re: Waco Shootout ...)

"Paul Hager" <hagerp@cs.indiana.edu> writes:

>>The 2nd Amendment does say "keep and bear."  If "bear" is defined to
>>mean "carry," then most people are physically unable to carry a several
>>hundred pound nuclear device.

>As I understand it, sub-kiloton nuclear demolitions are man-portable
>and carried in a backpack.

As I recall, in the 60's the Kennedy Administration had sub-kiloton
nuclear weapons withdrawn from Europe and destroyed.  They were man-
portable and made for use in shoulder-mount rocket launchers.  The
smallest nuclear test I've seen data for was a .1 (yes, one-tenth)
kiloton weapon tested either in the late 40's or early 50's.

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53333
From: Minh Lang <minh@inst-sun1.jpl.nasa.gov>
Subject: Re: Gov't break-ins (Re: 60 minutes)

In article <1993Apr5.155733.114@pasadena-dc.bofa.com> ,
franceschi@pasadena-dc.bofa.com writes:
> In Viet Nam, Lt Calley was tried and convicted of murder because his
> troops, in a war setting, deliberately killed innocent people. It is
time
> that the domestic law enforcement agencies in this country adhere to
> standards at least as moral as the military's.

No, Lt Calley was later acquitted. His troops killed 400-500
people, including kids, elderly and women... I sure don't want
to see the domestic law enforcement agencies in this country
adhere to those "military standards"... If they did, we're
all in big trouble...(The My Lai massacre was covered up
by high-ranking officials and ALL who were involved were
ACQUITTED).

  == Minh ==

+------------------------------------------------------------+
 Minh Lang, Software Engineer  - Jet Propulsion Laboratory
 Instrumentation Systems Group - Instrumentation section 375
 Note:  My employer has nothing to do with what I said here...
+------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53334
From: alleyja@yang.earlham.edu
Subject: <None>

In article <1993Apr4.4332.33144@dosgate>, nigel.allen@canrem.com (nigel allen) writes:
> Here is a press release from Handgun Control Inc.
> 
>  Sarah Brady Calls On Governor to Veto NRA Bill; Bayh Urged to
> Follow Clinton's Lead
>  To: State Desk
>  Contact: Cheryl Brolin of Handgun Control Inc., 202-898-0792
> 
>    WASHINGTON, April 2 -- In a letter today to Indiana Gov. 
> Evan Bayh, Sarah Brady, wife of former White House
> Press Secretary James Brady and chair of Handgun Control Inc.,
> called on the governor to veto NRA-backed "preemption" legislation
> (S.B. 241), which would wipe out existing local gun laws and
> prohibit localities from enacting future regulations governing the
> sale, possession or transfer of firearms.
>    "I'm counting on Gov. Bayh to show the same kind of political
> courage President Clinton showed as governor of Arkansas, when he
> twice vetoed this type of special-interest legislation," Mrs. Brady
> said, referring to Clinton's veto of NRA-backed preemption bills in
> 1989 and 1991.
> 

I knew that Cutie would sell us out.  Full-blooded Democrat, he is :-)

Seriously folks, if it can happen here (remember?  we all got gun racks on
our 4x4s), it can happen anywhere.  Now to get that letter ready.  `Dear 
Cutie, as one who didn't vote for you, I can sincerely say I am unhappy...'


>  -30-
> -- 
>  Nigel Allen, Toronto, Ontario, Canada  nigel.allen@canrem.com
> --
> Canada Remote Systems - Toronto, Ontario
> 416-629-7000/629-7044

Those who know what's best for us
Must try to save us from ourselves
-- RUSH
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| Jason Alley                  || The opinions expressed were given to me      |
| Earlham College, Richmond IN || by aliens living in my pancreas.             |
| AlleyJa@Yang.Earlham.Edu     || The Empire never ended.                      |
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53335
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: the usual

hollombe@polymath.tti.com (The Polymath) writes:

>The possession of nuclear arms (actually weapons grade fissionables) is
>currently regulated only by market forces.  I.e.:  To own them you have to
>either make them, buy them or steal them.  The only thing that stops you
>is the staggering cost (more than most nations can afford), the fact that
>no one who has them wants to sell to you and the tight security maintained
>on existing stocks. (Just ask Saddam Hussein).

I was under the impression that to obtain fissionable materials (i.e.,
plutonium or reactor/weapons-grade uranium) one was required to obtain
a federal permit to own such materials.

>Given a source of fissionables, you can build a bomb in your garage with
>parts from hardware stores and electronic junk supplies.  You might have
>to engage in some shady dealings to get the explosive charge, but that's
>trivial compared to getting the plutonium.  The basic information on the
>design was declassified years ago and can be dug out of any technical
>library by a physics grad student.

Actually, why bother looking it up?  From the material we covered last
term (in 10 weeks) of Ge/Ch 127 (Nuclear Chemistry), I could *derive*
what it would take to build a bomb.  And as far as the explosive charge,
I (as a chemist) could synthesize a variety of explosives from commonly
available chemicals in the garage if I felt like.  The electronics 
behind the detonator and the shaped charges are a little trickier,
however . . . but not impossible using a few "tricks of the trade."
And if I really wanted to be nasty, I could include a core of 
hydrogen and deuterium . . .

Of course, the hardest part is getting the fissionable material
to start with, and living long enough to put a bomb together. 
(Plutonium has some *nasty* properties . . .)

>The Polymath (aka: Jerry Hollombe, M.A., CDP, aka: hollombe@polymath.tti.com)
>Head Robot Wrangler at Citicorp                      Laws define crime.
>3100 Ocean Park Blvd.   (310) 450-9111, x2483       Police enforce laws.
>Santa Monica, CA  90405                            Citizens prevent crime.

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53336
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: Another NYTimes Yellow-Sheet Editorial (4/4/93)

feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:


[other uninformed, purposefully ignorant gun control ranting deleted]

>*  Thanks to the N.R.A., the A.T.F. is prohibited from researching the
>effectiveness of using taggants in explosives, Taggants are a cheap
>and technologically feasible microscopic additive that would help
>investigators at crime scenes - like the World Trade Center bombing
>- trace the explosives involved.

I want this man to tell me how in the hell you can take the 
explosives used in the WTC bombing, considering that the 
consensus seems to be that the explosive was a fertilizer-based
one.  Ammonium nitrate, to be exact . . . of which about
90,000 tons disappears per year (if I recall the stat correctly;
I don't have it here.)  Just one more disregarding of reality
to push a point.

[more bunk deleted]

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53337
From: <U23590@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: Waco dates - are these coincidental?

I do not think it is at all unlikely that Clinton ro his policy
wonk facilitators arranged the Waco raid as a display piece for  the
Gun War on the Constitution.  Look at what the Bush administration did to
get material for the Drug War on the Constitution--remember that baggie of
crack George waved at the cameras?  They took a dealer from the ghetto
and brought him to the White House so they could say drugs had been
dealt onb the White House Lawn.
And I don't think anybody could honestly think Clinton would have any
moral qualms about the raid...
The only really worrisome thing is that the BD's heroic defense of
their ranch will make Clinton's Gun War on the Constitution _more_
successfull--exactly as he wanted.  The media and politicians will
filter this so that the general public will think the BD's
are bad guys!  Don't help them.  Stand up for the BD's with your
friends and family adnd in public anytime you can--their supposed
moral qualms are not important to the issue.  They are heroes in the
fight against oppressive government;  it could just as well have been
you.
-watkins@earth.eecs.uic.edu  (Brian E Watkins)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53338
From: dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff)
Subject: Re: Gun Control: proud to be a Canuck

Does anyone really believe the Swiss have had no war within their borders
because every adult male owns a rifle? I'm a great admirer of the Swiss, but
500 years of peace on their turf has zilch to do with gun ownership. Can you
picture Hitler, with Panzers and Focke-Wulfs poised on the border, losing
sleep over a few thousand expert rifleman? Sure. 
Hitler stayed out of Switzerland because the Swiss run the money in this
world. We'd do well to emulate them on that and forget about getting more
rifles on the street. Let's disband the NRA and start a National Investment
Banking Association, replete with red and black sticker for the back window
of Bubba's Mercedes 600! We could fire Charlton Heston and get Paul Volcker
for a spokesman.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53339
From: cathy@LANCE.ColoState.Edu (Cathy Smith)
Subject: Questions to Ponder

The Libertarian Second Amendment Caucus in Fort Collins, Colorado,
submitted this as a questionnaire to the city council candidates
in the upcoming election. As expected, very few of the candidates
(3 of 13) responded, but they know we're watching.

Feel free to use any and all of these questions that strike your 
fancy or use them as inspiration for your own.

                                *****
       
   1.  Would you be willing to state, in writing, that if you are
       publicly demonstrated to have violated your oath of office
       you would resign and never run for office again?
       
   2.  Under what circumstances do the rights of the group come
       before the rights of the individual?
       
   3.  Would you support a city charter amendment prohibiting the
       city government, its officials, agents, and employees from
       initiating force against any human being for any reason?
       
   4.  Please put the following list in order of precedence (from
       lowest to highest): a) city ordinance, b) city resolution, 
       c) state law, d) federal statute, e) U.S. Constitution, 
       f) state constitution.
       
   5.  Do you believe that it's appropriate for any city official or
       employee to be paid more than his or her average private
       sector constituent?
       
   6.  Do you believe that involuntary contributions are a legitimate
       means of funding council programs?
       
   7.  Would you support a program recognizing the right of
       taxpayers to "earmark" their taxes (either as "must be used"
       or "must not be used") for specific programs?
       
   8.  In the event that the candidate "None of the Above" were to
       win a city election, which option do you believe most
       appropriate? a) The candidate with the next highest vote total
       fills the office. b) A special election is held to fill the 
       office, with none of the previous candidates eligible to run 
       again. c) Let the office remain unfilled and unfunded until 
       the next election. d) Abolish the office.
       
Please return your questionnaire to: [address of your choice]

A signature and date line were added here.
    
Thank you for taking the time to fill out this questionnaire.

                                 ******

The questionnaires were sent with self-addressed, stamped envelopes.

P.S. One person _did_ get a perfect score on the questionnaire, and,
no, he didn't help write it.

Cathy Smith

My opinions are, of course, my own.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53340
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Gun Control: proud to be a Canuck

In article <1pqsruINNiae@hp-col.col.hp.com> dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff) writes:
>Does anyone really believe the Swiss have had no war within their borders
>because every adult male owns a rifle? I'm a great admirer of the Swiss, but
>500 years of peace on their turf has zilch to do with gun ownership. Can you
>picture Hitler, with Panzers and Focke-Wulfs poised on the border, losing
>sleep over a few thousand expert rifleman? Sure. 

The Swiss population is (and well was) far larger than that. I think
your question should be, "...losing sleep over a million expert
riflemen?" Certainly he could have conquered Switzerland, but
a million armed militiamen (especially in a mountainous area, 
where tanks' effectiveness is limited) would have made it a
real pain. The question a conqueror would ask, is "is it worth 
the trouble?" The more difficult an invasion is, the more likely
the answer would be "no." Certainly a million riflemen (as
opposed to a professional army of only ten or twenty thousand, the
best a country the size of Switzerland could support), makes
invasions more difficult.

>Hitler stayed out of Switzerland because the Swiss run the money in this
>world.

Really? In 1939? I'm not even sure you could prove that today (despite
the steriotype.) Certainly the Swiss bankers were not essential
to the German war-time economy.

                                           Frank Crary
                                           CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53343
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: the usual

arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:

>Yes, I am pro-gun, and yes, I do disagree with this statement.
>Nuclear weapons in and of themselves are dangerous.  Radioactive
>decay of plutonium and uranium, as well as the tritium in the
>weapon, tends to be somewhat dangerous to living things.
>(Can you say "neutron flux"?)

	Can you say, "I get more background radiation from living in
Denver or having an office in a limestone building than I do standing
next to a power reactor at full power or standing next to a nuclear
warhead that is armed?"  Look up "shielding" in your dictionary.  You
don't need six feet of lead to make decent shielding; your dead skin
cell layer does an excellent job on alpha particles, and neutrons
are slowed by mere *water*.  What do you think 75% of you is?

>  Plus these things have no self-
>defense purposes.  It's kinda hard to justify their use as
>a militia weapon when at best they are meant for battlefield use
>(low-yield weapons) or at worst for industrial target obliteration
>(translation:  cities and population centers).

	If the militia has as its job the overthrow of an illegal
government, they are indeed useful weapons to the militia.  They
won't be too useful in certain areas, but leveling the Pentagon
would be a "good thing" for said overthrow and it's likely one man
carrying a backpack would stand a better chance than one thousand
armed with Colt Peacemakers.  Don't let self-defense become the
only reason you can have a gun and your sole means of justification.
Myself, I won't overthrow my government until it ceases to be my
legal government, but if I need to I want every weapon I can get.

	One can just as easily say no rifle larger than a .22 is
needed to kill a human being.  They are right.  When that human
being is wearing armor and riding in an APC, things get a bit
different.  I don't see where the weapon is a problem.  It's not.
Only the manner of use is in contention here.

>  Not to mention that
>for it to be used as a militia weapon and expect the user to live
>requires some sort of launch vehicle . . .

	I guess you either don't have an alarm clock or have never
heard the terms "timer" or "martyr" either.  Don't forget remote
detonation devices.  That CB radio in the pickup next to you can
easily transmit ten miles in decent weather.  That's out of the
blast radius of many portable nuclear devices.

	Just what is it about radioactive decay that has you worried?

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53344
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: the usual

arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:

>I was under the impression that to obtain fissionable materials (i.e.,
>plutonium or reactor/weapons-grade uranium) one was required to obtain
>a federal permit to own such materials.

	No, you merely have to start working on yellowcake or else
devise a system to get it from other sources.  BTW: the DOE handles
reactor fuel, and merely leases it to reactors.  The NRC certifies these
reactors.  The military have their own sources.  A private citizen has
none of these official sources.

>Actually, why bother looking it up?  From the material we covered last
>term (in 10 weeks) of Ge/Ch 127 (Nuclear Chemistry), I could *derive*
>what it would take to build a bomb.

	That's freshman-level chemistry.  Big deal.  Can you make it
work?  That's PhD-level physics.  Big difference.

>  And as far as the explosive charge,
>I (as a chemist) could synthesize a variety of explosives from commonly
>available chemicals in the garage if I felt like.  The electronics 
>behind the detonator and the shaped charges are a little trickier,
>however . . . but not impossible using a few "tricks of the trade."
>And if I really wanted to be nasty, I could include a core of 
>hydrogen and deuterium . . .

	So you admit that there's no law that could stop you?  Physics
aside, could you make one if you had the funds and time?  The answer
is yes.  So, do we lock you up now because of this?  Surely you can
see where the comparison with anti-gun laws comes into play here?

>Of course, the hardest part is getting the fissionable material
>to start with, and living long enough to put a bomb together. 
>(Plutonium has some *nasty* properties . . .)

	Precisely why it's not as readily utilized as you seem to have
been lead to believe.  BTW: 98% U235 is far better for home-made bombs
than trying to use plutonium.  The laws of physics make the creation of
a device without serious manufacturing facilities very low in probability.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53345
From: ipser@solomon.technet.sg (Ed Ipser)
Subject: Re: Waco Shootout Highlights Total Irresponsibility of the

In article <1993Apr5.213034.10706@gtephx.UUCP> forda@gtephx.UUCP (Andrew Ford @ AGCS, Phoenix, Arizona) writes:
>In article <1pdmgaINN95f@kitty.ksu.ksu.edu>, strat@kitty.ksu.ksu.edu (Steve Davis) writes:
>> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>> 
>> >> If she *needs* a gun right now, why doesn't she already have one?  
>> 
>> >You are the victim of a cut-and-run purse-snatcher.  He makes off 
>> >with your purse, containing your ID, your house keys... and your gun.
>> 
>> So you're saying she can RUN RIGHT INTO A STORE, BUY A GUN, RUN BACK
>> OUTSIDE AND SHOOT THE GUY IN THE BACK AS HE RUNS OFF?  This doesn't
>
>No, he's saying she just lost her gun and she wants to buy another
>so that as she sits home alone tonight, she's not a sitting duck to
>any bastard who wants to break in.

In fact, the situation is more grim that that, even. The purse snatcher
now has her home address. If the woman lives alone, she is in great
personal danger.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53346
Subject: Re: Washington State
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)

In article <1993Mar30.191157.8338@synapse.bms.com> hambidge@bms.com writes:
>In article <93088.191742U23590@uicvm.uic.edu>, <U23590@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>>What is a CCW
>Acronym for Concealed Carrying of Weapon; basically, a permit to carry
>a concealed pistol or revolver.

I phoned Licensing Division in Washington State to ask for an application
for a CCW.  Instead they promptly sent me an applicationfor becoming a 
firearms dealer in Washington!

They even sent me a firearms safety pamphlet.
-Case Kim



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53347
From: gardner@convex.com (Steve Gardner)
Subject: Re: Gov't break-ins (Re: 60 minutes)

In article <1993Apr5.155733.114@pasadena-dc.bofa.com> franceschi@pasadena-dc.bofa.com writes:
>In Viet Nam, Lt Calley was tried and convicted of murder because his
>troops, in a war setting, deliberately killed innocent people. It is time
>that the domestic law enforcement agencies in this country adhere to
>standards at least as moral as the military's.
	Here! Here!  But any call for responsibility and accountability 
	from police is invariably interpreted as being "soft on crime".
	Being "tough on crime" and building more prisons and seizing more
	property is the politically astute thing to do these days.


>Greed killed the rancher, possibly greed killed the Davidian children.
>Government greed.
	And citizen complacency!

>It is time to prosecute the leaders who perform these invasions.
	Don't forget the politicians that write the laws that make it
	easy for the police agencies to become corrupt.  The War on Some
	Drugs brought us this corruption and only an end to it (legalization)
	will stop the corruption.


						smg



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53348
Subject: thanks to poster of NY Times article on ATF in Texas
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)


good job to whoever posted the article.  I'd
been saving that NYTimes edition for a while, planning to ytpe it
in myself, but now I don't have to.

For all of those people who were worried about whether or not
the media would even question the raid, we owe it to the
NY Times (despite their rabidly anti-gun editorials) for 
being willing to talk to these 4 BATF  agents.

-Case Kim


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53349
From: greg@puck.webo.dg.com ()
Subject: Re: RKBA on NYC radio station

|> Actually, the real reason that Stern was getting a bigger rating share was that
|> he was new in D.C., not because of the quality (if you can call it that) of 
|> his show. After the Fine was issued he started to get better ratings because 
|> of the curious individuals who wanted to see how bad he actually was. Since
|> he came to D.C. he has had a greater turn over of listeners than the "Grease"
|> has. In other words, more people get sick of him sooner than they do of the
|> "Grease". After all, saying vagina or penis on the air is hilarious at first, 
|> the second time it is still a little funny, but when you do it all the time, 
|> and at the same time, think you are the greatest man on the planet (and tell
|> everyone so) than you are going to get old really quick. 
|> Give it up Mark you are WRONG.
|> 
Excuse me, but if you really new what the show was about, you'd know that he
doesn't just say vagina and penis and that is how he get's his ratings. He
also addresss real issues as well as being outrageous. I don't hear any of these
other idiots doing a funny show and getting into some serious topics at the
same time, he get's people to think and entertains them at the same time, 
so try listening to his show a little closer before you tell them that they are
WRONG, and by the way, if he is such a flash in the pan, why do his ratings sustain
so well? Hmm?




-- 
-----------------------------------------------
Greg W. Lazar             greg@puck.webo.dg.com

J-E-T-S JETS JETS JETS
-----------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53350
From: pspod@bigbird.lerc.nasa.gov (Steve Podleski)
Subject: Re: Founding Father questions

arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:
>Wasn't she the one making the comment in '88 about George being born with
>a silver foot in his mouth?  Sounds like another damn politician to me.
>
>Ain't like the old days in Texas anymore.  The politicians may have been
>corrupt then, but at least they'd take a stand.  (My apologies to a few
>exceptions I can think of.)  
>
>News now is that the House may already have a two-thirds majority, so 
>her "opposition" out of her concern for image (she's even said this
>publicly) may not matter.

Do people expect the Texans congressmen to act as the N.J. Republicans did?
-- 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Steve Podleski			|     phone: 216-433-4000
NASA Lewis Research Center     	|    
Cleveland, Ohio  44135         	|     email: pspod@gonzo.lerc.nasa.gov 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53352
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C519Mt.Apq@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve  
Manes) writes:
> Jim De Arras (jmd@cube.handheld.com) wrote:
> : In article <C4u3x5.Fw7@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve  
> : Manes) writes:
> : [...]
> : > I don't know how anyone can state that gun control could have NO
> : > effect on homicide rates.  There were over 250 >accidental< handgun
> : > homicides in America in 1990, most with licensed weapons.  More
> : > American children accidentally shot other children last year (15)
> : > than all the handgun homicides in Great Britain.  (Source: National
> : > Safety Council.  Please... no dictionary arguments about RATES vs
> : > TOTAL NUMBERS, okay?  They're offered for emphasis, not comparison).
> : > 
> 
> : You're a great debater.  You chose your sources of information, claim them
> : to  be superior.  I'm not aware of using any numbers from the ozone, unless  
you consider those I got from you to be such.
> 
> I've made no such claim.  Please direct my attention towards any
> posting of mine where I claimed superior sources of information.
> It's probably because I bothered to post any references at all while
> others seem content to post numbers pulled from the ozone, that
> you've confused it with fact-twisting.  If so, I apologize.  
> 

Yes, You state the reference, and then YOU claim it's a good or fair treatment.  

> : then take those twisted numbers and twist them further by trying  
> 
> Well then, here's fair opportunity for you to prove that I've "twisted
> numbers."  On what grounds do you contradict those references?  Do you have
> any citations... any sources of your own that I can take similar
> gratuitous shots at?
> 

You fail to see the differences between absolute numbers and rates.

> : to compare absolute numbers between two countries that have major  
population  
> : differences, the USA and GB, and then whine that you are afraid someone  
might  
> : attack your process, and so claim the numbers are for "emphasis, not  
> : comparison"?  Emphasis of what?
> 
> Nitpicking and scolding is a whiney debating style, Jim.
> 

No, you just miss the point.  By your methods, I can prove gun control to be a  
total failure.  New York's total homocide count, with it's strict gun control,  
is MUCH higher than Rhode Island's, with it's less strict gun control.  FAR  
more folks are killed in New York, than Rhode Island.  Therefore, according to  
Mane Logic(tm), gun control has made New York a much more dangerous place than  
Rhode Island.  Remember, it's "Nitpicking" and "a whiney debating style" to  
point out the differences between New York and Rhode Island that might defeat  
my argument.

> : Anything else is blowing smoke.
> 
> You seddit, brudda.

Now you agree?  Wow, a break-through!
>  
> -- 
> Stephen Manes					   manes@magpie.linknet.com
> Manes and Associates				   New York, NY, USA  =o&>o


--
Jim

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53353
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C518B1.AMF@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>: >: > Last year the US suffered almost 10,000 wrongful or accidental
>: >: > deaths by handguns alone (FBI statistics).  In the same year, the UK
>: >: > suffered 35 such deaths (Scotland Yard statistics).  The population
>: >: > of the UK is about 1/5 that of the US (10,000 / (35 * 5)).  Weighted
>: >: > for population, the US has 57x as many handgun-related deaths as the
>: >: > UK.  And, no, the Brits don't make up for this by murdering 57x as
>: >: > many people with baseball bats.

>: If you examine the figures, they do. Stabbing is favourite, closely
>: followed by striking, punching, kicking. Many more people are burnt to
>: death in Britain as are shot to death. Take at look and you'll see for
>: yourself. 

>It means that very few people are shot to death in Great Britain.

And I'm sure that is a great comfort to the widows and children of
those stabbed, beaten and burned to death. The real question is,
"Did the crime rate in England go down, after they enacted 
gun control laws?" If you look at the rates before and after their
first such law in 1920, you will see no effect.

                                          Frank Crary
                                          CU Boulder

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53354
From: crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com (Ron Phillips)
Subject: Armed Citizen - April '93


THE ARMED CITIZEN
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Mere presence of a firearm, without a shot being fired, prevents
crime in many instances, as shown by news reports sent to The
Armed Citizen.  Shooting usually can be justified only where
crime constitutes an immediate, imminent threat to life or limb
or, in some circumstances, property.  The accounts below are from
clippings sent in by NRA members.  Anyone is free to quote or
reproduce them.
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   Retired Las Vegas deputy police chief Larry Bolden initially
tried to defend himself with a steering wheel bar lock when a
criminal attacked him in his car.  But then the intruder wrestled
it from him, Bolden pulled his pistol and fired several times,
wounding his attacker and stopping the incident.  "He was just a
citizen defending himself," a police official said.
	(The Review-Journal, Las Vegas, Nev., 11/11/92)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   A pair of teenaged robbers armed with a sawed-off shotgun and
handguns took the day's receipts from Brooklyn bodega owner Hector
Martinez.  As they made their getaway, Martinez grabbed his
registered 12-gauge shotgun and gave chase.  When one fired,
Martinez returned three blasts, slightly wounding his assailants.
They fled but were apprehended when they sought medical attention.
	(Newsday, Long Island, N.Y., 01/05/93)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   A sign posted on the door of Roman Paras' shop reads "The 
owners of this property are armed and highly skilled to protect
life, liberty and property from criminal attack."  Apparently, a
pair of robbers didn't pause to read it as they threatened Paras'
wife in their Oxnard, Calif., convenience store.  Hearing her
scream, Paras grabbed his .38, ran to the front of the store and
shot it out with the masked and armed men, killing one criminal.
	(The Times, Los Angeles, Calif., 12/04/92)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   Anne Marie Sullivan was showering in her Portland, Oreg., home
one morning when she heard the front door crash in.  She jumped
out of the shower in time to see a man entering the home.  Running
to the bedroom, Sullivan retrieved her boyfriend's pistol and
fired two shots, mortally wounding the intruder.  The dead man had
a lengthy police and prison record.
	(The Oregonian, Portland, Oreg., 01/07/93)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   Mike Baranelli would have let two robbers who burst into a
Birmingham, Ala., barber shop keep his money.  But the 75-year-old
retired teacher was unwilling to surrender his life.  When the
intruders ordered Baranelli, the shop owner, and another man to 
lie on the floor, Baranelli pulled his pistol and shot both men in 
the head, killing one.  "I felt sure there was going to be three 
dead people in there.  I think I had some divine help," Baranelli 
said.
	(The Sunday Advertiser, Montgomery, Ala., 01/03/93)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   Believing an elderly Harvey, Ill., couple would again be easy
prey, a knife-wielding home invader instead met death when the
76-year-old homeowner loosed three rounds from a semi-automatic
pistol.  Police said the dead man had been charged several times
for thefts from the couple's home.
	(The Star, Chicago Heights, Ill., 01/07/93)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   The criminal's profile was scheduled to appear on "America's
Most Wanted," but his shot at fame was abruptly canceled by a
Hallandale, Fla., service station clerk.  The Michigan prison
escapee walked into the station and announced a robbery.  Instead
of cash, he got bullets in the head and chest from station clerk
Gary McVey.  Police said McVey acted in self-defense and would not
face charges.
	(The Sun-Sentinel, Ft. Lauderdale, Fla., 12/04/92)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   A Bridgeport, Conn., oil delivery man handed over the few
dollars he had.  But the thug, apparently unsatisfied with his
take, turned his gun on his victim and demanded more money.  
Instead of more cash, the deliveryman instead pulled his own
pistol and fired, mortally wounding the robber.  Police said the
dead man had held up a nearby market just before the fatal
incident.
	(The Courant, Hartford, Conn., 01/13/93)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   After repeated burglaries at her San Marcos, Calif., home, Joan
Vessel, 64, was ready with a .38 and a cordless phone when she
heard glass breaking one afternoon.  When she found two teenagers
attempting to get into her woodshed, Vessel fired a warning shot
over their heads, marched them into the front yard and called
police.
	(The Times Advocate, Escondido, Calif., 12/25/92)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   Angry that his auto insurance had been canceled, a client used
brass knuckles to take it out on Brandon, Fla., agent Steven
Taylor.  When his assailant walked out of the office, Taylor
grabbed a pistol kept there and held the former client at gun-
point until police arrived.
	(The Tribune, Tampa, Fla., 01/14/93)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   Dozing one evening at his Exeter, Pa., office, Jim Pisano was
awakened by the barking of his dog.  Sitting in stunned amazement,
he watched as two men smashed out his office window, reached in
and grabbed one of his hunting rifles.  Reaching a pistol on his
desk, Pisano fired several shots, apparently wounding one of the
burglars, and putting them to flight.
	(The Times-Leader, Wilkes-Barre, Pa., 12/09/92)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   Trying on a pair of shoes was just an act for a criminal who
then pulled a knife and demanded money.  When the man advanced,
the Flint, Mich., shoestore owner drew his pistol and fired,
critically wounding the would-be robber.
	(The Journal, Flint, Mich., 01/13/93)
==================================================================
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
==================================================================
   Disarmed and pistol whipped after struggling with a pair of
shotgun-toting thugs, Brooklyn, N.Y., pharmacist Soel Melero 
continued fighting and managed to retrieve a second-also licensed-
hidden pistol.  Firing three times, the druggist killed one of his
assailants.  The other fled empty-handed.
	(The Daily News, New York, N.Y., 01/18/93)
==================================================================
-- 
*************************************************************
*Ron Phillips               crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com *
*Senior Customer Engineer                                   *
*Intergraph Electronics                                     *
*381 East Evelyn Avenue               VOICE: (415) 691-6473 *
*Mountain View, CA 94041              FAX:   (415) 691-0350 *
*************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53355
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Re: Founding Father questions


In article <1993Apr5.153951.25005@eagle.lerc.nasa.gov>, pspod@bigbird.lerc.nasa.gov (Steve Podleski) writes:
>arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:
>>Wasn't she the one making the comment in '88 about George being born with
>>a silver foot in his mouth?  Sounds like another damn politician to me.
>>
>>Ain't like the old days in Texas anymore.  The politicians may have been
>>corrupt then, but at least they'd take a stand.  (My apologies to a few
>>exceptions I can think of.)  
>>
>>News now is that the House may already have a two-thirds majority, so 
>>her "opposition" out of her concern for image (she's even said this
>>publicly) may not matter.
>
>Do people expect the Texans congressmen to act as the N.J. Republicans did?

There is a (likely) veto proof majority in the house.  The Senate,
unfortunately, is a different story.  The Lt.Gov. has vowed that the bill will
not be voted on, and he has the power to do it.  In addition, the Senate is a
much smaller, and more readily manipulated body.

On ther other hand, the semi-automatic ban will likely not live, as at least
fifty per cent of the house currently opposes it, and it is VERY far down in
the bill order in the Senate (I believe it will be addressed after the CCW
bill).

And I thought my TX Political Science class was a waste of time!
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |God gave us weather so we wouldn't complain
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |about other things.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53356
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C4tM1H.ECF@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>hambidge@bms.com wrote:
>: In article <C4psoG.C6@magpie.linknet.com>, manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>
>: >: Rate := per capita rate.  The UK is more dangerous.
>: >: Though you may be less likely to be killed by a handgun, the average
>: >: individual citizen in the UK is twice as likely to be killed
>: >: by whatever means as the average Swiss.  Would you feel any better
>: >: about being killed by means other than a handgun? I wouldn't.
>: 
>: >What an absurd argument.  Switzerland is one-fifth the size of the
>: >UK with one-eigth as many people therefore at any given point on
>: >Swiss soil you are more likely to be crow bait.  More importantly,
>: >you are 4x as likely to be killed by the next stranger approaching
>: >you on a Swiss street than in the UK.
>
>: You are betraying your lack of understanding about RATE versus TOTAL
>: NUMBER. Rates are expressed, often, as #/100,000 population.
>: Therefore, if a place had 10 deaths and a population of 100,000, the
>: rate would be 10/100,000.  A place that had 50 deaths and a population
>: of 1,000,000 would hav a rate of 5/100,000.  The former has a higher
>: rate, the latter a higher total.  You are less likely to die in the
>: latter.  Simple enuff?
>
>For chrissakes, take out your calculator and work out the numbers.
>Here... I've preformatted them for you to make it easier:
>
>			handgun homicides/population
>			----------------------------
>	Switzerland :	24 /  6,350,000
>	         UK :    8 / 55,670,000
>
>.... and then tell me again how Switzerland is safer with a more
>liberal handgun law than the UK is without...by RATE or TOTAL NUMBER.
>Your choice.

       If you want to talk "less likely to get killed with a handgun"
you'd have a point.  "Safer" includes other things than simply handguns,
and you can't conclude "safer" by ignoring them.

       Now if somebody's got the total homicide rates...

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu  (Mail to VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu will bounce.)
"Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed." - Lazarus Long

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53357
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C4tsHu.Ew6@magpie.linknet.com> manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>Frank Crary (fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU) wrote:
>: That's all very well and good, but I was refering to all
>: homocides, not just ones involving handguns (what is this fixation
>: on death by shooting, as if it were somehow worse than death
>: by stabbing?)
>
>What relevance are ALL homicides in this debate?  What do you think gun
>control advocates are saying: that if we get rid of all handguns we will
>live in a homicide-free world?

       The relevance is that if you've got x homicides and reduce
the number of gun homicides in that group, but x doesn't decrease
by a significant amount, have you made an improvement, and is that
improvement worth what you've paid?

>The issue is guns, not baseball bats.  Even a simpleton knows that
>he stands a better chance of surviving an attack with a baseball bat...
>certainly of outrunning a bat-wielding assailant.

       If a baseball bat is a tenth as likely to kill a victim as a gun,
is that any comfort to that tenth?

>As for knives, see my earlier post.  I'd much rather face a knife
>than a gun, thanks. 

       I've faced a knife.  And I was damn annoyed I didn't *have*
a gun.  All the statistics in the world didn't change the fact that
*he* was interested in cutting *me*.

>Fortunately, the best defense against a knife isn't
>another knife.  Anyone trained in unarmed self-defense won't have
>much of a problem disarming a knife assailant untrained in knife
>assault (which probably means 99.9% of knife assailants).

       "Anyone trained in self-defense." 

       Unarmed self-defense isn't for everyone.  What's more, it requires
substantially more training to be safe and effective than a firearm.
It requires physical proximity and thus a greater threat to the victim,
which is a primary problem with stun guns.  You have to actually touch
your assailant.  Unless you're *very* good, a large, stronger assailant
can simply ignore your blows long enough to incapacitate you.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu  

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53358
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: the usual

In article <viking.734084516@ponderous.cc.iastate.edu> viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson) writes:
>>Yes, I am pro-gun, and yes, I do disagree with this statement.
>>Nuclear weapons in and of themselves are dangerous.  Radioactive
>>decay of plutonium and uranium, as well as the tritium in the
>>weapon, tends to be somewhat dangerous to living things.
>>(Can you say "neutron flux"?)

>	Can you say, "I get more background radiation from living in
>Denver or having an office in a limestone building than I do standing
>next to a power reactor at full power or standing next to a nuclear
>warhead that is armed?"  Look up "shielding" in your dictionary.  You
>don't need six feet of lead to make decent shielding; your dead skin
>cell layer does an excellent job on alpha particles, and neutrons
>are slowed by mere *water*.  What do you think 75% of you is?

But whatever the neutrons hit has a good chance of absorbing the
neutron and becoming radioactive itself. Mostly, that means water
turning into (harmless) heavy water. But some neutrons would 
also hit bones, and the resulting harmfull, secondard radioactives
would remain in the body for decades. I think an unshielded nuclear
warhead could reasonably be considered a public health hazard.

As for a shielded warhead, I think a fair amount of maintaince
is required for it to remain safely shielded (e.g. storage in
a dry, temperature-regulated facility, etc...) For private
ownership to be unregulated, I think a single individual must
be able not only to keep the weapon, but keep it in a safe
condition. If any random private citizen could not properly
keep, maintain and store a nuclear weapon, then some regulation
is clearly appropriate.

>>  Plus these things have no self-
>>defense purposes.  It's kinda hard to justify their use as
>>a militia weapon when at best they are meant for battlefield use
>>(low-yield weapons) or at worst for industrial target obliteration
>>(translation:  cities and population centers).

>	If the militia has as its job the overthrow of an illegal
>government, they are indeed useful weapons to the militia.

I disagree with this purpose: The job of the militia is to defend
themselves and their community. If you look at the American 
revolution as an example, the militias won by seperating themselves
from, and becoming independent of, a repressive government. They
didn't overthrow it, and those communities (Canada and England, for 
example) that didn't defend themselves were still under that same
old regime. If the role of the militia were offensive, to go out and
destroy repressive governments, nuclear weapons _might_ be appropriate.
But their jobs is defensive, and nuclear weapons aren't suited
for that.

There is also the question of personal and collective arms: The
Second Amendment definately protects ownership of personal
weapons (since the very nature of the militia requires members
to provide their own arms.) But it isn't clear if it covers
other arms. Certainly, not all members would supply (for example)
a tank, only a few could or (if they were to be used effectively)
should. However, those providing the heavy weapons have a 
disproportionate control over the militia and its fierpower.
The militias, as the framers envisioned them, were extremely
democratic: If only 50% of the members supported the cause, only
50% would respond to a muster, and the militia's firepower would
be proportionately reduced. Militia firepower and the popular
will were, therefore, linked. But if a small minority of the
members supplied a large fraction of the firepower (in the
form of heavy weapons) this would all change: The militia's
firepower would depend on the will of a small minority, not
of the general public. Worse, that minority would be quite
different from the general public (at the very least, they
would be much richer.) As a result, I think the nature and
character of the militia requires that each member provide
a roughly equal share of the militia's firepower: His personal
weapons, and some equitable fraction of a squad's heavier firepower.

                                                  Frank Crary
                                                  CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53359
From: bu008@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Brandon D. Ray)
Subject: Re: Statement of Sarah Brady Regarding Texas State Carrying Concealed Legislation


In a previous article, nigel.allen@canrem.com ("nigel allen") says:

>
>Here is a press release from Handgun Control Inc.
>
> Statement of Sarah Brady Regarding Texas State Carrying Concealed
>Legislation
> To: State Desk
> Contact: Susan Whitmore of Handgun Control Inc., 202-898-0792
>
>   WASHINGTON, March 25 -- Following is a statement of Sarah 
>Brady regarding Texas state carrying concealed legislation:
>
>   "A handful of lawmakers in Austin today have told the public that
>their safety is of less importance than the interests of the National
>Rifle Association.  This action comes as local, state and federal law
>enforcement officials continue their stand-off with a religious cult
>that has highlighted the need for tougher gun laws, not weaker ones
>like the carry concealed bill.

   "A handful of anti-gun zealots are telling the public that their
right to self-defense is of less importance than the interests of
Handgun Control, Inc.  This action comes as local, state and federal law
enforcement officials continue their assault on the Branch Davidian
compound--an assault which has already resulted in the death of one
two year old child at the hands of federal agents.  This has highlighted
the need for citizens to be able to defend themselves and their children
against the excesses of their own government."

>   "Any suggestion by proponents that this bill will help to reduce
>crime is a distortion of the facts, at best.  This so-called
>crime-fighting law has resulted in a 16 percent increase in violent
>crime in the state of Florida, and I have never heard law enforcement
>officials bragging that more guns on the streets is the way to reduce
>crime.

  "Any suggestion by opponents that this bill will increase crime is a 
distortion of the facts, at best.  The aggressive outreach by officials
in central Florida to train and arm women has led to a dramatic drop in
the level of assault and rape in that area.  Of course, this program is
a rare gem, as many law enforcement officials apparently believe that an
unarmed citizenry will be easier to control, and thus favor tighter 
restrictions."

>   "The vote today is an insult to the law enforcement officials who
>are putting their lives on the line every day to end the standoff in
>Waco.  The entire country now knows just how easy it is for an
>individual bent on destruction to amass an arsenal of weapons.  Texas
>lawmakers who voted for this concealed handgun bill have shown total
>disregard for those law officials on the front lines, and the
>families of those who have fallen.

   "The vote today is a tribute to the good sense of the public at large
who are putting their lives on the line every day as they go about their
lawful affairs.  The entire country knows how vulnerable the average 
citizen is, both to attacks from criminals and from armed assault by our
own police.  Texas lawmakers who voted for this concealed handgun bill have
shown total understanding for those innocent, law-abiding citizens on the
front lines, and the families of those who have fallen."

>   "I urge the House of Representatives to listen to the 70 percent
>of Texans that oppose this measure, and reject this ill-conceived
>legislation."

   "I urge the House of Representatives to pay attention to the needs
of their constituents, and not be stampeded by ill-conceived arguments
from ideological fanatics."

> -30-
>-- 
> Nigel Allen, Toronto, Ontario     nigel.allen@canrem.com
>--
>Canada Remote Systems - Toronto, Ontario
>416-629-7000/629-7044
>
Ain't propaganda fun?

-- 
******************************************************************************
The opinions expressed by the author are insightful, intelligent and very
carefully thought out.  It is therefore unlikely that they are shared by the
University of Iowa or Case Western Reserve University.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53361
From: cmort@NCoast.ORG (Christopher Morton)
Subject: Re: What if the Dividians were black?

As quoted from <1993Apr5.172734.8744@icd.ab.com> by kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead):

> oleary@cbnewsh.cb.att.com (brian.m.leary) writes:
> 
> > Questions for the media and the politically correct:
> > 
> > Try asking people who don't understand why anyone would worry about
> > the tactics used against the "child molesting, drug dealing, gun running, 
> > cop killing religious wackos in Waco" (1) these questions:
> > 
> > If the people in the compound were black and the guys in ninja suits
> > charging in with assault weapons and grenades were LAPD 
> > what would you think?
> 
> 
> The charges are essentially the same they used against Operation MOVE
> in Philadelphia a few years back, where the cops dropped an incendiary
> bomb on the roof of a tenement and burned down a whole block.
> 
> MOVE was a black group.

There were some significant differences.  Whereas the Branch Davidians are
reported to have gotten along rather well with their neighbors, the MOVE
people are generally conceded to have gone far out of the way to antagonize
their BLACK neighbors, using loudspeakers to all hours of the night, keeping
large piles of garbage, promoting rat and insect infestation, and allegedly
threatening to kidnap their neighbors' children.

Still the same sort of questions regarding use of force remain in that case.

-- 
===================================================================
"You're like a bunch of over-educated, New York jewish ACLU lawyers
fighting to eliminate school prayer from the public schools in
Arkansas" - Holly Silva

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53362
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C4tM1H.ECF@magpie.linknet.com>, manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>
>For chrissakes, take out your calculator and work out the numbers.
>Here... I've preformatted them for you to make it easier:
>
>			handgun homicides/population
>			----------------------------
>	Switzerland :	24 /  6,350,000
>	         UK :    8 / 55,670,000
>
>.... and then tell me again how Switzerland is safer with a more
>liberal handgun law than the UK is without...by RATE or TOTAL NUMBER.
>Your choice.

Please, PAY ATTENTION.
I, and others, were referring to TOTAL HOMICIDE DEATHS, NOT JUST
HANDGUN HOMICIDES.  In terms of how likely are you to be killed,
(regardless of how it's done, 'cause DEAD is DEAD), the UK has a
higher homicide rate. Period.  You are more likely to be killed in the
UK than in Switzerland.  If you were to be murdered with a handgun,
then yes, Switzerland has a higher rate.  But, to belabor the point,
you are MORE LIKELY to be murdered in the UK. In that sense, the
weapon is irrelevant.  The UK is more violent, period.

Al
[standard disclaimer]

>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53363
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: Gun Control (was Re: We're Mad as Hell at the TV News)

In article <C4tsHu.Ew6@magpie.linknet.com>, manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:

>
>What relevance are ALL homicides in this debate?  What do you think gun
>control advocates are saying: that if we get rid of all handguns we will
>live in a homicide-free world?

They sure make it sound like that.

>
>The issue is guns, not baseball bats.  Even a simpleton knows that
>he stands a better chance of surviving an attack with a baseball bat...
>certainly of outrunning a bat-wielding assailant.
>

Even a simpleton knows a baseball bat is considered a deadly weapon. 
If one cannot run away (e.g. old, infirm, even middle-aged if the
assailant is younger), a handgun is the most effective means of
defense. You won't even have to fire a shot 98% of the time.

>As for knives, see my earlier post.  I'd much rather face a knife
>than a gun, thanks.  Fortunately, the best defense against a knife isn't
>another knife.  Anyone trained in unarmed self-defense won't have
>much of a problem disarming a knife assailant untrained in knife
>assault (which probably means 99.9% of knife assailants).

Any real streetfighter (and there are LOTS of them), with or without a
knife, will kick the living sh** out of most people "trained in
unarmed self defense".  For the majority of people, a gun is the most
effective form of self defense.

Al
[standard disclaimer]



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53364
Subject: Re: Nazi memoribilia
From: cmay@helium.gas.uug.arizona.edu (Christopher C May)

In <1993Apr2.232511.10711@raid.dell.com> mikepb@lupus.dell.com (Michael P. Brininstool) writes:

>Swatikas were also common in American Indian markings/painted walls etc.  Is
>it the Swastika that is bad?  

Just want to back this up with a personal anecdote.  My grandparents
have a Navajo rug made in the 1920's, which they received in trade 
from the weaver while living in Flagstaff, Arizona.  The decorative motif
consists of 4 large black swastikas, one in each corner.  What's more, the
color scheme is black, white, and red.  To the casual glance it would
undoubtedly appear to be a Nazi relic of some kind.  Yet they owned it
ten years before Hitler and the National Socialists came to power.  

As I recall, they took it down in the 30's, and didn't feel quite right
about putting it back up until the 60's.  It still draws comments from 
those who don't know what it is.

--ccm

-- 
Christopher C. May * U. of Ariz. Coll. of Medicine '93 * cmay@ccit.arizona.edu
+=============================================================================+
| Do your part for Liberty: Teach your children to hate Big Government.       |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Do you care about freedom? Dreams may have inspired it, and wishes promoted | 
|     it, but only war and weapons have made it yours. -- Robert Ardrey       |
| Armaque in armatos sumere jura sinunt. -- Ovid                              | 
| The wise man's understanding inclineth him toward his right hand, but a     |
|     fool's heart turneth him to the left. -- Ecclesiastes 10:2              | +-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
--
Christopher C. May * U. of Ariz. Coll. of Medicine '93 * cmay@ccit.arizona.edu
+=============================================================================+
| Do your part for Liberty: Teach your children to hate Big Government.       |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53365
From: hays@ssd.intel.com (Kirk Hays)
Subject: Re: Nazi memoribilia

In article <cmay.734085409@helium>, cmay@helium.gas.uug.arizona.edu (Christopher C May) writes:
|> In <1993Apr2.232511.10711@raid.dell.com> mikepb@lupus.dell.com (Michael P. Brininstool) writes:
|> 
|> >Swatikas were also common in American Indian markings/painted walls etc.  Is
|> >it the Swastika that is bad?  
|> 
|> Just want to back this up with a personal anecdote.  My grandparents
|> have a Navajo rug made in the 1920's, which they received in trade 
|> from the weaver while living in Flagstaff, Arizona.  The decorative motif
|> consists of 4 large black swastikas, one in each corner.  What's more, the
|> color scheme is black, white, and red.  To the casual glance it would
|> undoubtedly appear to be a Nazi relic of some kind.  Yet they owned it
|> ten years before Hitler and the National Socialists came to power.  
|> 
|> As I recall, they took it down in the 30's, and didn't feel quite right
|> about putting it back up until the 60's.  It still draws comments from 
|> those who don't know what it is.

Having lived, played, and worked on and near the Navajo reservation
for a number of years, I can confirm this is an ancient pattern,
found in petroglyphs dated 800 to 1200 years old.

Also, the Indians never stopped making rugs with this pattern - they
just stopped selling them after the Nazi's pre-empted the swastika.

Note also that the Indian versions use both clockwise and
counter-clockwise swastikas.

Ob guns:  It's the rare Navaho family that doesn't own a rifle. 
They remember being "relocated" by the US Army, and don't intend to
do it again.  The Hopi, on the other hand, have a dislike for
weapons, from my experience.  Perhaps they just hide them better
from strangers.

-- 
Kirk Hays - NRA Life, seventh generation.
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to
do nothing."  -- Edmund Burke (1729-1797)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53366
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: National Crime Survey

      Well, I dropped by the library yesterday, and picked up back copies
of the National Crime Survey (1986-1990) in an effort to examine what
it said about self-defense with a firearm.

      I haven't ground through much in the way of numbers yet, but a couple
of things jumped out at me.  First only 1986 and 1987 specify the type of
weapon used in self defense.  1988, 1989, and 1990 refer only to "weapon."
The second is that while assaults rose about 3% from 1986 to 1987, w/gun
defenses reported *fell* by almost 25%.  Unless there's an explanation for
this, I'm tempted to mark it as a reporting problem, and as such going 
ahead with any examination of the numbers would be a waste of time.

      Anybody have an idea what might have cause a real difference, and
not just a reporting difference?  The survey doesn't appear to have
changed significantly between 1986 and 1987.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu  

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53367
From: dlb5404@tamuts.tamu.edu (Daryl Biberdorf)
Subject: Re: Do they really believe?

In article <1993Apr5.150031.3123@colorado.edu> ajteel@dendrite.cs.Colorado.EDU (A.J. Teel) writes:
>
>	Q: Do you think that HIC et al really believe that the laws
>that they are trying to get passed are for the good or are they just
>lying through their teeth and trying to disarm the populace?

I think that HCI people honestly believe that passing more gun control
laws will be in the best interests of public safety.  Why do I think
this?  Because I used to buy the HCI line.  During my freshman year (1987),
their line made so much sense -- only people who "need" guns should be
able to get them, and the people who "need" them are the police and
other elites.  Unfortunately for us, this position is highly emotional
and not well thought-out.  They never stop to think that HCI's position
basically says that the non-elite are incompetents (that's you and me,
folks!) and that the Second Amendment has absolutely nothing to do with
hunting or other "legitimate" uses (which excludes overthrowing tyrannical
governments and defending yourself when the police have proven they
can't protect you).

>	We all know that the end result, regardless of the intention,
>will be to have a MUCH easier to subdue population for the UN/NWO.
>This is definitely a motivation of many in power, but I wonder to
>what degree this is planned vs just duped.

Every pro-control person I've talked to is always left  stumped when I
simply argue the facts of gun control (that it has yet to be proven to
lower crime rates) and weapons terminology (and I'm no expert -- but
explaining exactly how an "evil" semiautomatic weapon really works
does wonders).

I hvae personally found well-reasoned arguments to be most effective
against the emotional pro-control people.  The trick is to get them to
realize that the Second Amendment exists not for hunters but for the
oppressed and the terrorized.

Daryl
             Daryl Biberdorf  N5GJM    d-biberdorf@tamu.edu
               + Sola Gratia + Sola Fide + Sola Scriptura

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53368
From: dale@access.digex.com (Dale Farmer)
Subject: Re: Gun Control: proud to be a Canuck

Frank Crary (fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU) wrote:
: In article <1pqsruINNiae@hp-col.col.hp.com> dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff) writes:
: The Swiss population is (and well was) far larger than that. I think
: your question should be, "...losing sleep over a million expert
: riflemen?" Certainly he could have conquered Switzerland, but
: a million armed militiamen (especially in a mountainous area, 
: where tanks' effectiveness is limited) would have made it a
: real pain. The question a conqueror would ask, is "is it worth 
: the trouble?" The more difficult an invasion is, the more likely
: the answer would be "no." Certainly a million riflemen (as
: opposed to a professional army of only ten or twenty thousand, the
: best a country the size of Switzerland could support), makes
: invasions more difficult.

   Hitler invaded Yugoslavia and occupied it.  The mountainous portions were
sometimes patrolled by the wermacht, but they were certainly not in control.
There were two major native factions opposing each other and the germans,
It was basically useless to the germans (no production) and a drain on their
resources (a armored division and a couple of infantry divisions) Which if
my memory is correct, were kind of stuck there up until the allies accepted
their surrender.  (I think that the allies also let the germans keep some 
of their weapons for self defense unitil they were able to get to the 
lowlands, away from the resistance factions.  This is from memory, and 
it is unreliable.  

--Dale Farmer


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53369
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: I believe in gun control.

In article <C4vG3F.Kx3@apollo.hp.com>, nelson_p@apollo.hp.com (Peter Nelson) writes:
> cj195@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (John W. Redelfs) writes:
>>I believe in gun control.  How about you?
>
>  I believe in gun control, too . . . assuming by "gun control"
>  you mean always being able to hit your target.
>
>
>---peter
>
   Or, how about the Clint Eastwood line in "Pink Cadillac" -
      "I believe in gun control.  If there's a gun around, I wanna be
       the one controlling it."

Al
[standard disclaimer]


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53370
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: Lavishly Funded "Gun Epidemic" Propaganda Campaign to Commence

In article <C4txEK.FCq@magpie.linknet.com>, manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>Morris the Cat (rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com) wrote:
>
>: Well, as Neal Knox of the Firearms Coalition points out, the full
>: force of the anti-gun ruling class, their multi-millions, their
>: polling organizations, their schools, their news media, their
>: "entertainment" media
>
>The entertainment media... a "force of the anti-gun ruling class"??
>Is this the same media that's made billions producing films and
>television that glorify guns and gun users?  Or is that another
>anti-gun media?
>
>You've got to be kidding.

I'm afraid he isn't.  They are a hypocritical lot.  

Al
[standard disclaimer]


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53371
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: Gun Control: proud to be a Canuck

In article <1pqsruINNiae@hp-col.col.hp.com>, dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff) writes:
>Does anyone really believe the Swiss have had no war within their borders
>because every adult male owns a rifle? I'm a great admirer of the Swiss, but
>500 years of peace on their turf has zilch to do with gun ownership. Can you
>picture Hitler, with Panzers and Focke-Wulfs poised on the border, losing
>sleep over a few thousand expert rifleman? 

Not just because of the riflemen.  They also have many hard bunkers in
the mountains that would be nearly impossible to penetrate. As for
tanks, they would be rather useless in such mountainous terrain.  

>Hitler stayed out of Switzerland because the Swiss run the money in this
>world. 

Gee, that's a new one.  He thought it was a different ethnic group.  
Since Hitler was determined to control, at the least, all of Europe,
do you think he gave a damn about international monetary concerns?  
Also, there's a LOT of gold in Swiss vaults.  Don't you think he new
that?  If he could have, he would have taken Switzerland.  However,
crazy as he was, he wasn't totally stupid.  It would have cost him a
hell of a lot to take Switzerland, with no guarantee that an invasion
would be successful.  He probably figured (or his generals did, when
he was listening to them) that it wasn't worth the cost.

Al
[standard disclaimer]



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53372
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: Gun Control


In article <C51L52.BGo@magpie.linknet.com>, manes@magpie.linknet.com (Steve Manes) writes:
>
>I would be surprised if there weren't contrary studies.  I might add that
>Sloan and Kellerman was endorsed by the police departments of both Seattle
>and Vancouver and is considered by most of the references I have at hand the
>most exhaustive study of its kind, even by those who take issue with some of
>the essay's conclusions.  S&K's statistics speak largely for themselves
>without postulate.

And, I might add, vitamin C has been endorsed by a Nobel Laureate as a
panacea for almost everything from the common cold to cancer.  

> In order to compare violent crime trends, S&K compared >all<
>violent crime categories, from simple assault through various mechanisms of
>homicide.  

Wait a minute. S&K did NOT compare trends.  If they did, they would
have seen that the advent of Canada's gun law had no effect on
homicides, total or handgun.  Without a pre- vs. post comparison, one
cannot speculate as to the utility of anything.  All they have is a
correlation, and correlation DOES NOT prove causality.


>If your point is that non-whites commit more handgun crimes than whites
>then yours is the dubious assumption.  Conventional social theory is that
>economic status, not color, is the primary motivating factor for crime,
>especially violent crime.  What's your point anyway, that white people
>are more responsible gun owners?  Should we assume that it's a coincidence
>that there are comparitively fewer white people earning below the poverty
>line and living in tenement neighborhoods where most violent crime occurs?

Hold it again. You dismiss a point about demographics, then you ask
about socio-economic demographics? Very slick.
>
>:    Differences between the two cities in the
>:    permit regulations render these two numbers strictly noncomparable.
>
>On the contrary, it's these differences that are the very basis of the study:
>the easy availability of legal handguns in Seattle and the much more
>difficult "restricted-weapons" permit required in Vancouver.

Once again, correlation does not prove causality.  Looking at pre-vs.
post data, the Canadian gun law had no effect.

>
>Not so.  Cook measures suicides and assaultive homicides with
>firearms against a survey-based estimate of the number of legal and
>illegal guns in circulation within a city.  

Sir, if you were a Canadian, and owned a gun before the restrictive
gun laws were passed, and decided to hide it rather than turn it in,
would you answer truthfully a question about gun ownership from
someone who calls, writes, or asks you on the street?  That is one
problem with surveys.  Nobody will answer an incriminating question.
Another is that people will often tell you what they THINK you want to
here.

>
>Again, your author misses the core issue: that Vancouver citizens are
>prohibited from purchasing handguns on the basis of self-defense.  They
>don't have a choice in the matter.

Does that mean no Vancouver citizens have handguns? I think not. You
are discounting guns purchased beforehand, and guns purchased for
purposes other than self-defense, which can also be used for defense.

>
>Hmmm... sounds like your author might like a bumper sticker that reads "Guns
>don't kill people, black people kill people!"  Honestly, his conjectures,
>backed up by zero evidence, zero studies and even less common sense, aren't
>worth the considerable time it must have taken you to type in.  His
>assumptions look frighteningly close to those pseudo-scientific "studies"
>that the white supremist assholes love... the crap that takes published
>statistics, twisted around in an attempt to prove the inherent criminal
>nature of black people.

He makes valid points about demographic differences.  You then resort
to the kind of argument that the "Politically Correct" movement often
uses to stifle any debate.  Nice, real nice.


>This author's essay contains 0% independent study upon which to base his
>conclusions, just some strained, disjointed statistical discourse attempting
>to blame Seattle's murder rate on blacks. 

One doesn't have to produce his own data in order to point out the
flaws in the methodology and conclusions of another's study. Again,
you resort to PC tactics.


Al
[standard disclaimer]


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 53373
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Another NYTimes Yellow-Sheet Editorial (4/4/93)

In article <1pmol6INNod9@gap.caltech.edu>, arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:
> 
> >*  Thanks to the N.R.A., the A.T.F. is prohibited from researching the
> >effectiveness of using taggants in explosives, Taggants are a cheap
> >and technologically feasible microscopic additive that would help
> >investigators at crime scenes - like the World Trade Center bombing
> >- trace the explosives involved.
> 
> I want this man to tell me how in the hell you can take the 
> explosives used in the WTC bombing, considering that the 
> consensus seems to be that the explosive was a fertilizer-based
> one. 

Proper counter to this claim:  "Forensic analysis of the WTC bomb by
means of taggants would have been as impossible as semantic analysis
of NYT editorials by means of taggants -- the difficulty in both cases
being to have persuaded the bull to consume the taggants before 
production of either item."
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54116
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card
From: steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu (Jason 'Think!' Steiner)

Jason Kratz (U28037@uicvm.uic.edu) writes:
> PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal) says:
> >Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
> >
> >Don't be silly.  Of course you can.  The police have everything 
> >the gangs have and then some.  Plus they've got access to the 
> >National Guard (via the Governor) if things get too rough.  That's 
> >tanks for those of you who've never seen them at play.  Of course, 
> >they've got rifles and helicopters.
> >
> >And as far as fully-automatic weapons, you can be a lot better
> >armed if you want to hit what you aim at.
>
> What seems to be happening here is the situation getting totally 
> blown out of proportion.  In my post I was referring to your 
> regular patrolman in a car cruising around the city vs. gang 
> members.  Of course the police have access to the things that you 
> mentioned but do they use tanks and such all of the time?  Of 
> course they don't and that's the point I was trying to make.  Every 
> day when I go out to lunch I always see cops coming in.  The 
> majority that I see are still carrying revolvers.  Not that there 
> is anything wrong with a revolver but if you're a cop that is up 
> against some gang member with a couple of automatics in his coat (I 
> mean semi-auto handguns) you're going to be at a disadvantage even 
> with training.

how so? i think you're making assumptions here that might not 
necessarily be true. -my- personal choice would be a semi-auto, but 
revolvers are just as effective, if not more so.

> I have been at a shooting range where gang gang members were 
> "practicing" shooting.  They were actually practicing taking out 
> their guns as quick as possible and shooting at the target and they 
> weren't doing too badly either.

relevancy, please? you sound shocked, but that hardly proves anything.

> The University cops here (who are are state cops) are armed better 
> than the Chicago police.  It seems most state cops are.  I don't 
> know where you are originally from David but you live in Tennesse 
> and I live in Chicago and see this crap everyday on the news and in 
> the papers.  I think the situation is just a tad different here 
> than there.

wait, doesn't Chicago have -serious- gun control? if so, why do the
police need all that firepower in the first place? (sarcasm alert)

all the patrol cars i've seen around here have shotguns clamped to 
the dash board. IMHO, that's all the police need to outgun just about 
anything.

jason

--
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`
`,` The Crystal Wind is the Storm, and the Storm is Data, and the Data  `,`
`,`  is Life -- The Player's Litany, from _The Long Run_ by D.K. Moran  `,`
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,` steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu `,`,`,`

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54117
From: cathy@LANCE.ColoState.Edu (Cathy Smith)
Subject: Letter to a Liberal Colleague -- L. Neil Smith

Posted by Cathy Smith for L. Neil Smith

                   LETTER TO A LIBERAL COLLEAGUE

[AUTHOR'S NOTE:  "Adrian" -- name changed to protect the guilty -- 
and the author are science fiction novelists who once worked with 
the same editor at a famous New York publishing house.]

Dear Adrian:  

I'm way behind schedule on my current book again, so this reply to 
your note -- criticizing the recent magazine interview I gave and 
generally attacking gun ownership -- will necessarily consist 
mostly of assertions you're free to believe (or not) I can back 
with evidence and logic I've neither time nor energy to present 
now.  I've written fully on this topic before and will again in the 
future.  When I do, I'll make sure you get copies.  

There are many arguments I might make, from the futility and danger 
of delegating self-defense to the police (see Don Kates in the Jan. 
10, 1985 WALL STREET JOURNAL) to the real effect of prohibition, 
shifting consumers from newly-outlawed handguns or semiautomatic 
rifles to items like sawed-off shotguns or homemade bombs, but I'll 
limit myself here to commenting on the newspaper clipping you sent 
with your note.  

First, the freedom to own and carry the weapon of your choice is a 
natural, fundamental, and inalienable human, individual, civil, and 
Constitutional right -- subject neither to the democratic process 
nor to arguments grounded in social utility.  

Second, publication of some latter-day "scientific study" doesn't 
alter the fact that the gun prohibitionists I discussed in my 
interview -- annoying you so much in the process -- were lying.  

Third, the freedom to own and carry the weapon of your choice is a 
natural, fundamental, and inalienable human, individual, civil, and 
Constitutional right -- subject neither to the democratic process 
nor to arguments grounded in social utility.  

Fourth, as often happens with these things, the "study" doesn't 
support the gun prohibitionists' original numerical contentions 
anyway, but simply adds a new layer of spurious claims to an older 
body of lies, omissions, and distortions.  

Fifth, the freedom to own and carry the weapon of your choice is a 
natural, fundamental, and inalienable human, individual, civil, and 
Constitutional right -- subject neither to the democratic process 
nor to arguments grounded in social utility.  

Sixth, the fact that gun prohibitionists have been caught lying on 
countless occasions (Carl Bakal, author of NO RIGHT TO KEEP AND 
BEAR ARMS, even confessed to it publicly) makes the value of this 
present "study" dubious, to say the least.  

Seventh, the freedom to own and carry the weapon of your choice is 
a natural, fundamental, and inalienable human, individual, civil, 
and Constitutional right -- subject neither to the democratic 
process nor to arguments grounded in social utility.  

Eighth, given your own lifelong service as a federal bureaucrat 
(not to mention the cynical sophistication of your fiction), you 
should be better aware than most people how "progress" -- in 
designing "studies" to prove whatever you want -- outstrips our 
ability to collect meaningful data.  A case in point we might agree 
on is the fact that it took another kind of prohibitionist 20 or 30 
years to create "studies" "proving" that pornography causes crime.  
More naive (and probably more honest) efforts in the 50s and 60s 
clearly indicate the contrary.  

Ninth, the freedom to own and carry the weapon of your choice is a 
natural, fundamental, and inalienable human, individual, civil, and 
Constitutional right -- subject neither to the democratic process 
nor to arguments grounded in social utility.  

Tenth, another reason to doubt all such "studies" is that human 
behavior (as the Austrian School of economics demonstrates) is far
too complex and unpredictable to be meaningfully quantified.  The 
attempt to do so -- and then create public policy based on the 
resulting pseudo-information -- is wrecking our civilization.  

Eleventh, the freedom to own and carry the weapon of your choice is 
a natural, fundamental, and inalienable human, individual, civil, 
and Constitutional right -- subject neither to the democratic 
process nor to arguments grounded in social utility.  

Twelfth, the "study" is also worthless because it incorporates 
figures for suicide, which is not necessarily a tragedy but 
basically another individual right, sometimes with ancillary social 
benefits.  If anything, perhaps suicide INTERVENTION should be a 
criminal offense.  

Thirteenth and finally, the National Rifle Association officials 
quoted in the article, whatever their shortcomings (and they are 
many), are correct in this instance:  the "study" is meaningless 
because the freedom to own and carry the weapon of your choice is a 
natural, fundamental, and inalienable human, individual, civil, and 
Constitutional right -- subject neither to the democratic process 
nor to arguments grounded in social utility.  

And because of that, Adrian, even if the "study" were valid, it 
wouldn't deter me from a lifelong personal objective of seeing that 
anyone can own any weapon he or she prefers and carry it however, 
whenever, and wherever he or she desires without asking anybody's 
permission. In this I'm ably assisted by gun prohibitionists 
themselves, whose yawping invariably moves previously unarmed 
people to go out and buy their first gun "while they still can".  
Before the '68 Gun Control Act, most of the "shooting fraternity" 
viewed handguns (incorrectly, as it turned out) as inaccurate, 
ineffective toys.  There probably weren't six million of them in 
the whole country.  Now, thanks to Kennedy, Metzenbaum, the Bradys, 
and their ilk -- AMERICA'S GREATEST SPORTING GOODS SALES TEAM -- we 
probably manufacture at least that many every year.

The fascinating datum is that Handgun Control, et al. are perfectly 
aware of this -- so I guess you'll have to ask them yourself what 
their real motives are.  

Look:  gun-making isn't an arcane or difficult art (and by the way, 
it's easier to make a fully automatic weapon than a semiautomatic; 
the fact that I can still obtain my own weapon of preference, the 
self-loading pistol, is the only thing which keeps me from pursuing 
this further).  Even if it were difficult, there are already a 
quarter billion firearms in America, with an estimated "half life" 
of 1000 years -- possibly more for stainless steel.  Guns are gonna 
be around a long time, Adrian, whether you like it or not.

As for me, to paraphrase Elmer Keith, regardless of what the law 
provides or any court decides, I'm always going to be armed.  And I 
will always work to see that others are, as well.  The bad news is 
that there are thousands more -- perhaps even hundreds of thousands 
-- where I come from.  We can't be stopped by passing laws, we can 
only be forced to arm ourselves and others secretly and -- given 
both the practical and alleged differences between full automatics 
and semiautomatics -- perhaps more efficiently.  

So what's the point?  

L. Neil Smith
Author:  THE PROBABILITY BROACH, THE CRYSTAL EMPIRE, HENRY MARTYN, 
and (forthcoming) PALLAS
LEVER ACTION BBS (303) 493-6674, FIDOnet: 1:306/31.4
Libertarian Second Amendment Caucus
NRA Life Member

My opinions are, of course, my own.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54118
From: jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

In article <1993Apr14.183025.29688@sco.com>, allanh@sco.COM (Allan J. Heim) writes:
> 
> papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod):
> 
>    >Drugs are banned, please tell me when this supply will dry up?
> 
>    Drugs are easier to manufacture, easier to smuggle, easier to hide.
>    No comparison.
> 
> Then let's use another example--alcoholic beverages.  Bottles of whiskey
> are larger, heavier, and more fragile than bags of drugs.  Barrels and
> kegs are larger and heavier still, and are difficult to manipulate.
> Yet, a lot of people managed to get very rich off of the smuggling of
> booze into this country during the years of Prohibition.  There was a
> demand, so an entire industry formed to supply it.

	If alcohol were again banned today, it would be MUCH more
	difficult to manage a large-scale smuggling operation. 
	The cops now rank just a narrow notch below the military
	in communications, intelligence gathering and firepower.

	In a similar vein, the amount of marijuana smuggled into
	this country has greatly decreased. This is because its
	value-per-pound is very low when compared to cocaine or
	heroin. It's simply not worth the risk, it's uneconomical.
	Now, most reefer is domestic. There is less pressure on
	the domestic producer (showy raids notwithstanding) and
	thus it is economical. Of note though ... domestic reefer
	is now very strong, so a small volume goes a long way.
	You cannot make alcohol stronger than 200 proof - not a
	good dollar/pound deal. 

	Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.
	It would not be economic to smuggle them in. All production
	would have to be local. There are not all that many people
	who have both the skill AND motivation to assemble worthwhile
	firearms from scratch. High-ranking crime figures could
	obtain imported Uzis and such, but the average person, and
	average thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun - and would
	pay through the nose for it. 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54119
From: scottj@magic.dml.georgetown.edu (John L. Scott)
Subject: Re: That silly outdated Bill (was Re: Koresh and Miranda)

I wrote :
  Nice strawman indeed.  The discussion is not about whether there were
tanks
  used in sixties riots; instead, it is about whether those tanks fired
their
  main guns in one of those riots.  You claim they did.  That claim is
  ludicrous.

Awesley replied:
     I repeated what I had been told, under what context I had heard it,
  supporting the claim that tanks were indeed used in Detroit in 67.

The issue has never been whether tanks were used in Detroit in 1967.  It
has been whether they fired their main guns.  You did not merely claim that
tanks were used--you claimed that they fired their main guns to suppress
sniper fire and that they were "quite" effective at this.  You continue to
back away from this claim and defend something else that nobody is
disputing.

Awesley went on:
  I
  spent a few minutes in a library today -- found their computer was
  down and they don't have a card catalog.  Anyway, it took about 10
  minutes to find this in _Nightmare in Detroit, A Rebellion and It's
  Victims_ by Sauter and Hines, on page 133, telling of the death of
  Tonia Blanding, age 4.
   
        "When the tank was fired upon by snipers it turned in the direction
  the shots came from. [...] the fifty-caliber machine gun mounted on the
  tank belched fire into the buildings.  After a short round into the front
  of the buildings, the tank guns spit again, tearing apart huge holes out
  of the side of the apartment."
  
       Well, it's not the main gun.  

"Well, it's not the main gun."  Gee, that's only the entire point.  Are you
now going to admit that you were wrong?

I wrote:
  will I see any pictures of tanks firing their main
  guns?  Will I see pictures of buildings damaged by the shells?  Will I
read
  the reports of the tank fire?  I'll bet you dollar to doughnuts I won't. 
  It will take more than second-hand accounts from a few old National Guard
  sergeants shooting the shit to convince me that tanks shelled American
  cities in the Sixties.

Awesley replied:
    Well, if you bothered to read them, it wouldn't take long at all to
  find reports of tank * fire * -- although not necessarily of the main
  guns.

I will never read of tanks firing their main guns in Detroit in the '67
riots.  There is simply no way that such an event could have taken place
without it being common knowledge even 26 years later.  The American
military firing shells from tanks in American cities on blacks would have
been *big* news.

Awesley goes on:
  You can also read of the troops using grenade launchers.

To fire fragmentary grenades?  I doubt that as well.  To fire concussion
grenades?  Perhaps.  To fire tear gas?  Certainly.  But you would be
perfectly willing to let us believe they fired frags, wouldn't you, since
it makes your other claim seem more plausible.

And on:
  I don't
  expect to convince you; you'll have to open your mind and eyes and
actually
  do a little research to be convinced one way or the other.  Let me know
  what you find.

I already know what you found: nothing.  If I claimed that the Marines used
F-4s to launch rockets at buildings in Trenton, New Jersey would you
believe me?  Would you suspend judgment until you had a chance to research
it?  Or would your bullshit filters kick in?

If tanks had fired their main guns in Detroit, people would have been
screaming about it for the past two and half decades.  I would know about
it.  Unless you also claim that the National Guard managed to cover it up. 
If your mind is open enough to believe that, well, good for you.  I prefer
to live in reality.   And here in reality, I find it hard to believe that
those tanks even had any shells, much less fired them.

--John L. Scott

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54120
From: vincent@cad.gatech.edu (Vincent Fox)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In <93104.173826U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
[deleted]
[]       And as far as fully-automatic weapons, you can be a lot better
[]armed if you want to hit what you aim at.
[]
>What seems to be happening here is the situation getting totally blown out of
>proportion.  In my post I was referring to your regular patrolman in a car
>cruising around the city vs. gang members.  Of course the police have access
>to the things that you mentioned but do they use tanks and such all of the
>time?  Of course they don't and that's the point I was trying to make.  Every
>day when I go out to lunch I always see cops coming in.  The majority that I
>see are still carrying revolvers.  Not that there is anything wrong with a
>revolver but if you're a cop that is up against some gang member with a couple
>of automatics in his coat (I mean semi-auto handguns) you're going to be at a
>disadvantage even with training.  I have been at a shooting range where gang
>gang members were "practicing" shooting.  They were actually practicing
>taking out their guns as quick as possible and shooting at the target
>and they weren't doing too badly either.   The University cops here (who are
>are state cops) are armed better than the Chicago police.  It seems most
>state cops are.

Define "armed better". Go shoot a revolver and a semi-auto like the
Colt .45. Does one fires faster than the other? Nope. Aside from which
faster rate of fire is usually not desirable. Sure it makes the other
guys duck for cover, but just *YOU* trying hitting anything with a Thompson
in hose-mode. This is why the military is limiting it's M-16 now to
3-round burst-fire. Simple semi-auto would be better, but the troops
like to be able to rock and roll even if it is wasteful of ammo (something
often in short supply when the enemy is plentiful).

A revolver is equally capable as a semi-auto in the same caliber.

- A revolver also has the advantage that if it misfires you just pull
  the trigger again.
- A double-action revolver (almost all of them) can be hand-cocked first,
  but will fire merely by pulling the trigger.
- A misfire in a revolver merely means you must pull the trigger again
  to rotate to the next round.
- A revolver can be carried with the 6th chamber empty and under the
  hammer for maximum safety, but still can be drawn and fired with an
  easy motion, even one handed.
- Speedloaders for a revolver allow reloads almost as fast as magazines
  on semi-autos. Can be faster depending on users.

- A misfire in a semi-auto will require you to clear a jammed shell
  first, time spent which can be fatal. And a vital second or so is often
  lost as you realize "hey, it's jammed!" before starting to do anything
  about clearing it.
- Most semi-autos must have the slide worked to chamber the first round
  and cock the hammer. Some police carry their semi-autos with the 
  chamber loaded and hammer cocked, but a safety engaged. I do not consider
  this safe however. You must trade-off safety to get the same speed
  of employment as a revolver.
- There are some double-action semi-autos out there, but the complexity of
  operation of many of them requires more training.

Some police departments switched to Glocks, and then started quietly
switching many officers back to the old revolvers. Too many were having
accidents, partly due to the poor training they received. Not that Glocks
require rocket scientists, but some cops are baffled by something as complex
as the timer on a VCR.

Anyone who goes anyone saying that the criminals obviously outgun
the police don't know nothing about firearms. Turn off COPS and Hunter
and pay attention. I do not seek here to say "semi-autos are junk"
merely that assuming they are better for all jobs is stupid. A cop
with a revolver on his hip and a shotgun in the rack is more than
equipped for anything short of a riot.

Gun control is hitting what you aim at. If you whip out a 
wonder-nine and fire real fast you may find you don't hit anything.
Good controlled fire from a revolver is more likely to get you a hit.
I own a 9mm Beretta myself but consider it inferior as a carry weapon
to something like the Ruger Security Six revolver. If I haven't hit
what I'm aiming at in the first 5 shots, something is quite seriously
wrong somewheres. While I might like having the backup capacity of those
extra shots in certain cases, overwhelmingly the # of shots fired in
criminal encounters is less than 5.

What do crooks overwhelmingly use in crime? Why the same nice simple
.38 revolvers that the police often use. Well actually some police 
prefer the much heftier .357 Magnum, but anyway.....

ObPlea: Don't flame me, I prefer semi-autos for most things. But they 
        introduce unneccessary complications to something as nerve-wracking
        as an abrupt encounter with a lone criminal.

-- 
"If everything had gone as planned, everything would have been perfect."
	-BATF spokesperson on CNN 3/2/93, regarding failed raid attempt in TX.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54121
From: vincent@cad.gatech.edu (Vincent Fox)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In <93104.173826U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
[deleted]
>The University cops here (who are
>are state cops) are armed better than the Chicago police.  It seems most
>state cops are.  I don't know where you are originally from David but you live
>in Tennesse and I live in Chicago and see this crap everyday on the news
>and in the papers.  I think the situation is just a tad different here
>than there.

Which crap, the ridiculous assertions that Uzis are mowing down cops
right and left? The assertions that dialing 911 should be the proper
and only option available to the law-abiding citizens?

A factoid:

56 cops were killed in the whole country last year. This is down from
around 100 in the early '80s. Wow, a real explosion in cop killings
there eh?  :-)

-- 
"If everything had gone as planned, everything would have been perfect."
	-BATF spokesperson on CNN 3/2/93, regarding failed raid attempt in TX.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54122
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1qiebiINN1c1@cae.cad.gatech.edu> vincent@cad.gatech.edu (Vincent Fox) writes:
>In <93104.173826U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>[deleted]
>>The University cops here (who are
>>are state cops) are armed better than the Chicago police.  It seems most
>>state cops are.  I don't know where you are originally from David but you live
>>in Tennesse and I live in Chicago and see this crap everyday on the news
>>and in the papers.  I think the situation is just a tad different here
>>than there.
>
>Which crap, the ridiculous assertions that Uzis are mowing down cops
>right and left? The assertions that dialing 911 should be the proper
>and only option available to the law-abiding citizens?
>
>A factoid:
>
>56 cops were killed in the whole country last year. This is down from
>around 100 in the early '80s. Wow, a real explosion in cop killings
>there eh?  :-)

        Well, if we're going to discuss being a police officer in
America today.       

        The FBI lists 132 police officers killed (feloniously and
accidentally) in 1990.  That's apparently everybody at all levels.

Year        Officers killed       Rate/100,000 police officers
1982             164*                  47.6
1983             152**                 40.2
1984             147                   39.4
1985             148***                37.9
1986             133                   34.9
1987             148                   39.0
1988             155****               41.9
1989             145*****              38.1
1990             132                   32.0


* Includes one officer in Mariana Islands
** Includes one officer each in Guam and Mariana Islands
*** Includes one officer in Guam and two in foreign locations
**** Includes one officer in American Samoas and two in foreign countries
***** Includes one officer in Guam and one Federal officer killed in
Peru


       God, I love the information age!  :-) 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54123
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

In article <1993Apr14.184448.2331@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>In article <1993Apr14.183025.29688@sco.com>, allanh@sco.COM (Allan J. Heim) writes:
>> 
>> papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod):
>> 
>>    >Drugs are banned, please tell me when this supply will dry up?
>> 
>>    Drugs are easier to manufacture, easier to smuggle, easier to hide.
>>    No comparison.
>> 
>> Then let's use another example--alcoholic beverages.  Bottles of whiskey
>> are larger, heavier, and more fragile than bags of drugs.  Barrels and
>> kegs are larger and heavier still, and are difficult to manipulate.
>> Yet, a lot of people managed to get very rich off of the smuggling of
>> booze into this country during the years of Prohibition.  There was a
>> demand, so an entire industry formed to supply it.
>
>	If alcohol were again banned today, it would be MUCH more
>	difficult to manage a large-scale smuggling operation. 
>	The cops now rank just a narrow notch below the military
>	in communications, intelligence gathering and firepower.
>
>	In a similar vein, the amount of marijuana smuggled into
>	this country has greatly decreased. This is because its
>	value-per-pound is very low when compared to cocaine or
>	heroin. It's simply not worth the risk, it's uneconomical.
>	Now, most reefer is domestic. There is less pressure on
>	the domestic producer (showy raids notwithstanding) and
>	thus it is economical. 

       Here's a question:  If most marijuana is domestic and
producing it here is economical, why would we expect it to be
imported?

>       Of note though ... domestic reefer
>	is now very strong, so a small volume goes a long way.
>	You cannot make alcohol stronger than 200 proof - not a
>	good dollar/pound deal. 

       Yet it was done.  Done quite successfully for a number of years.
*Somebody* thought it was worth the risk.

>	Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.
>	It would not be economic to smuggle them in. 

       Your assumption is that this "low" dollar/pound area is
sufficiently low as to make gun-running unprofitable.  On what
do you base this?  

       And given that smuggling channels are already established,
and given the economies of scale, would it really add significantly
more expense to start smuggling firearms, especially considering
doing so would be less hazardous (in terms of getting caught) than
drugs?

>       All production
>	would have to be local. 

       Now *that* was a jump.  In any case, define "local."  It's
a big country.
 
>       There are not all that many people
>	who have both the skill AND motivation to assemble worthwhile
>	firearms from scratch. High-ranking crime figures could
>	obtain imported Uzis and such, but the average person, and
>	average thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun - and would
>	pay through the nose for it. 

       Wow, you gotta love the speculation.

       As I posted before, we import billions upon billions of raw
ores across the Mexican border.  Not only that but ships come in and
out of U.S. harbors every day full stuff.  And customs doesn't even
have the extra advantage of being able to sniff them out.  

       I'd be willing to wager that a shipload of handguns would be
worth more than a shipload of raw ore, *and* you're virtually guaranteed
to get it past customs, because they'd have to hand search every hold of
every ship which came through.

       It's not simply a matter of how much money are they worth, but how
much *more* money are they worth than other goods, based on the likelihood
of being caught.  Less money than drugs, but also a safer thing to smuggle.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54124
From: <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

In article <1qfrhbINNo80@cae.cad.gatech.edu>, vincent@cad.gatech.edu (Vincent
Fox) says:
>[...]
>this measure as it will prevent the evil Bambi-killers from hunting,
>and another will fight it for the interference with Nature that it is.

Such a measure would also have another benefit. It would relieve the
various states of the thorny problem of what to do with the hundreds
of millions of dollars hunters pour into the economy annually. I'm
sure that, to attain sure a lofty, humane, liberal and ecologically
(not to mention politically) correct goal, the environmental and animal
rights groups/individuals supporting such a measure would be more than
willing to add their names to a list of supporters seeking increased
taxation to replace these lost revenues. I am equally confident that
these same entities, given their noteworthy record in the area of social
responsibility and respect for private property, would feel morally
and ethically bound to raise the necessary funds to acquire the
hundreds of thousands of acres of land now held in private hands
solely for use as private hunting preserves by the landowner(s). To
do less than this would place these same groups/individuals in
the ethically untenable (to say nothing of environmentally and
politically incorrect) position of sanctioning the logging and
subsequent development and urbanization of these former private
hunting lands, which would no longer be useable by, or of any
benefit to, the landowner(s) in such a capacity.

W. K. Gorman

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54125
From: holland@CS.ColoState.EDU (douglas craig holland)
Subject: Re: Non-lethal alternatives to handguns?

In article <1993Apr13.221936.28301@watson.ibm.com> mjp@vnet.ibm.com (Michael J. Phelps) writes:
>
>In article <shepardC5FtLs.681@netcom.com>, shepard@netcom.com (Mark Shepard)
>writes:
>|> How effective are personal defense products like mace, pepper-spray,
>|> tasers and other non-lethal "stun" devices compared to handguns?
>|> Any statistics on #'s and types in use?
>|> 
>|> These products seem very attractive compared to handguns
>|> because, being non-lethal, they are more "forgiving" of accident or
>|> mistakes/wrongful shooting (such as the Yoshi Hattori case), and
>|> allow the justice system to deal with the criminal (rather than
>|> criminals simply being _dead_, which has a certain "vigilante feel"
>|> which seems to bother anti-gun people).
>
>The "more forgiving" nature also has its down side; it allows a criminal
>to use them w/o the ADW [assault with a deadly weapon] charge.  They also
>can have lethal or dangerous side effects -
> - some people have violent reactions to mace/pepper sprays
> - stun guns can harm people with weak hearts
> - people have suffered eye damage from mace; the stuff that is available
>   now is less concentrated than it used to be.
> - some of the spray propellents are flammable
>
>|> 
>|> The arguments I see _against_ these non-lethal weapons compared to
>|> handguns are lack of range, lack of "stopping power" or effectiveness,
>|> and limited "ammo".  True?  How about cost?
>
>Sprays
>
>- using any of the spray based [eg mace, pepper] indoors is bound to
>  affect anyone else in the room (like the victim) due to the nature
>  of the stuff.
>
>- using the sprays outdoors in any sort of breeze mitigates its 
>  effectiveness.
>
>- from reading various articles, it appears that mace, especially the
>  mace available to citizens, is pretty ineffective on people under
>  the influence of drugs or alcohol.
>
>- pepper spray appears to be more effective, but has the inherent spray
>  delivery problem.  It still does not appear to be anything better than
>  a distraction that might buy you time to run like hell [if you can].
>
>Consider that running like hell isn't always a viable solution.  For
>example, if you are dressed in boots and the assailent is dressed in
>sneakers .. you might have a tough time outrunning them!
>
>Tasars and Stun Guns
>
>- require contact with skin for max effectiveness; a jacket [like a 
>  leather one] will mitigate its effectiveness
>
>- the user must be extremely close to the assailent; that puts them
>  at a considerable risk of injury. 
>
>- the user must keep the stun gun in contact with the assailent for some
>  non negligible period of time.
>
>- tasar darts can be pulled out.
>
>Consider the problem a small women would have keeping a stun gun in 
>contact with a average size man for any length of time w/o sustaining
>serious injury.
>
>|> 
>|> Have any anti-gun groups suggested non-lethal weapons, to counter
>|> the pro-gun argument that people will be left defenseless?
>
>I haven't heard of any.  Generally they contend that people don't
>need to [or aren't able] to defend themselves.
>
>|> 
>|> And, what legal restrictions/licensing apply to non-lethal devices?
>
>Civilian ownership of stun guns is frequently illegal [NY].  The sprays
>are also illegal in some states.  Believe it or not, they are still 
>illegal in NY, although about half the state thinks they are legal!
>[I believe that NY almost legalized them; i have heard that the reason
>they didn't was due to their ineffectiveness]
>
>I feel that the sprays are better than nothing, but only if the user
>does not believe the hype ["this'll drop 'em in their tracks" stuff]
>and uses it as a diversion o_n_l_y .
>- 
>|> 
>|> 	MarkS
>|> --
>|> Mark Shepard | shepard@netcom.com | Portola Valley, CA
>
>-- 
>Michael Phelps, (external) mjp@vnet.ibm.com ..
>                (internal) mjp@bwa.kgn.ibm.com .. mjp at kgnvmy         
> (and last but not least a disclaimer)  These opinions are mine..       

What about guns with non-lethal bullets, like rubber or plastic bullets. Would
those work very well in stopping an attack?

						Doug Holland


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54126
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Re: "High Power" Assault guns

In article <1993Apr14.143825.13476@stortek.com> vojak@icebucket.stortek.com (Bill Vojak) writes:
> Alaska with 1 UZI, 1 20 rnd Magazine, and 1 BIG Polar bear @
                                                 ^
I'd make that, "1 BIG, MAD, and HUNGRY with CUBS NEARBY Polar bear @..."

Drew 
--
betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54127
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <PA146008.711.734832476@utkvm1.utk.edu>, PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu
(David Veal) says:
>>
[stuff deleted]

me:
>>What seems to be happening here is the situation getting totally blown out of
>>proportion.  In my post I was referring to your regular patrolman in a car
>>cruising around the city vs. gang members.  Of course the police have access
>>to the things that you mentioned but do they use tanks and such all of the
>>time?  Of course they don't and that's the point I was trying to make.  Every
>>day when I go out to lunch I always see cops coming in.  The majority that I
>>see are still carrying revolvers.  Not that there is anything wrong with a
>>revolver but if you're a cop that is up against some gang member with a
>couple
>>of automatics in his coat (I mean semi-auto handguns) you're going to be at a
>>disadvantage even with training.
>
David:

>      This is the "arms race" fallacy.  That somehow bigger guns make an
>individual safer.  The problem is that for each corresponding level of
>offensive power the is not an automatic level of defense increase.  The
>problem is that there's a sort of lethality threshold that once you get
>past you're only talking about a metter of degree.
>
>      Regardless of what cops are up against there's really no reason
>for the average beat cop to have anything bigger than a pistol on him
>as a personal weapon and maybe a rifle and a shotgun in the cruiser.
>
>      I mean, think about it.  Carrying a monster pistol or sub-machinegun
>doesn't make the cop any less wounded if somebody shoots him.  A lot
>of police departenments have switched to semi-automatics, as better
>more reliable weapons, and more stopping power, but there's a point
>of diminishing returns.
>
This is a very, very good point.  Who cares what kind of gun you've got if
you're lying on the ground dead.

>      And as far as automatics go, any gang member carrying around "a
>couple" of automatics (an incredible rarity) is going to be far more of
>a menace to himself and innocent bystanders than anything he might be
>tryinh to aim at.  One auto is hard enough to control.  Anybody who
>could control two is going to get the police officer regardless of
>what the police officer is armed with.
>
[more stuff deleted.  mostly mine]
>        My question is this:  What would a police officer gain from
>having a sub-machinegun or similar personal weapon that he already
>doesn't have with a 9mm or 10mm semi-automatic pistol?  I don't see
>as how the police should be hosing around full-auto fire, nor has
>my experience with police officers (or the stats regarding how many
>police officers get killed by other cops) made me feel such would be a
>good idea.  Precise fire is far more preferable.  Nor should they using
>"bigger" guns.  Most standard sidearms have more then sufficient
>stopping power when properly applied.  All more powerful weapons would
>do is make the likelihood of death higher without really giving police
>significantly more options.
>
Another very good point that is well taken.  It seems that when lots of lead
is flying (either the cops or the gangs) someone innocent always gets caught
in the crossfire.
>------------------------------------------------------------------------
>David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
>PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
>your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
>love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

All points made above are well taken.  I guess I am in the mindset of
"having more makes it better" which is obviously not the correct mindset
to take in this discussion.  Now that I think about the situation a
little more carefully I see your point exactly David and I
wholeheartedly (sp?) agree.  Like I said I'm just assuming that "more
bullets and/or bigger bullets is better".  Once again though I want to
state that I am a pro-gun individual and do NOT believe that gun control
is really a viable option here in the United States regardless of the drivel
that I spout here :-)

Jason

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54128
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1qie2rINN1b9@cae.cad.gatech.edu>, vincent@cad.gatech.edu (Vincent
Fox) says:
>
[stuff deleted. all mine]

>Define "armed better". Go shoot a revolver and a semi-auto like the
>Colt .45. Does one fires faster than the other? Nope. Aside from which
>faster rate of fire is usually not desirable. Sure it makes the other
>guys duck for cover, but just *YOU* trying hitting anything with a Thompson
>in hose-mode. This is why the military is limiting it's M-16 now to

Aw come on.  It worked great in the 1920's (or the movie version of the '20s
anyways) :-)

>3-round burst-fire. Simple semi-auto would be better, but the troops
>like to be able to rock and roll even if it is wasteful of ammo (something
>often in short supply when the enemy is plentiful).
>
>A revolver is equally capable as a semi-auto in the same caliber.
>
[stuff deleted about how revolvers are just as good as semi-autos]

All your points are very well taken and things that I haven't considered as
I am not really familiar enough with handguns.

>Some police departments switched to Glocks, and then started quietly
>switching many officers back to the old revolvers. Too many were having
>accidents, partly due to the poor training they received. Not that Glocks
>require rocket scientists, but some cops are baffled by something as complex
>as the timer on a VCR.

Hell, a Glock is the last thing that should be switched to.  The only thing
that I know about a Glock is the lack of a real safety on it.  Sure there is
that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety.
>
>Anyone who goes anyone saying that the criminals obviously outgun
>the police don't know nothing about firearms. Turn off COPS and Hunter
>and pay attention. I do not seek here to say "semi-autos are junk"
>merely that assuming they are better for all jobs is stupid. A cop
>with a revolver on his hip and a shotgun in the rack is more than
>equipped for anything short of a riot.
>
Actually I don't watch those shows :-)  And you're right (at least partially).
I don't know much about handguns.  I'm more familiar with rifles.

>Gun control is hitting what you aim at. If you whip out a
>wonder-nine and fire real fast you may find you don't hit anything.
>Good controlled fire from a revolver is more likely to get you a hit.
>I own a 9mm Beretta myself but consider it inferior as a carry weapon
>to something like the Ruger Security Six revolver. If I haven't hit
>what I'm aiming at in the first 5 shots, something is quite seriously
>wrong somewheres. While I might like having the backup capacity of those
>extra shots in certain cases, overwhelmingly the # of shots fired in
>criminal encounters is less than 5.
>
>What do crooks overwhelmingly use in crime? Why the same nice simple
>.38 revolvers that the police often use. Well actually some police
>prefer the much heftier .357 Magnum, but anyway.....
>
>ObPlea: Don't flame me, I prefer semi-autos for most things. But they
>        introduce unneccessary complications to something as nerve-wracking
>        as an abrupt encounter with a lone criminal.
>
>--
>"If everything had gone as planned, everything would have been perfect."
> -BATF spokesperson on CNN 3/2/93, regarding failed raid attempt in TX.

No flames here.  All your points are well taken.  Guess I still have a
lot to learn but thanks to this discussion I already am :-)  Guess I
assume too many things like more bullets are better and that sort of
thing.  Of course you know what happens when you assume ......... :-)

Jason

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54129
Subject: Re: Non-lethal alternatives to handguns?
From: steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu (Jason 'Think!' Steiner)

douglas craig holland (holland@CS.ColoState.EDU) writes:
[...lostsa' crap deleted. trim your articles!...]

> What about guns with non-lethal bullets, like rubber or plastic 
> bullets. Would those work very well in stopping an attack?

last i heard, "non-lethal" was a bit of a misnomer for these things.

jason

--
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`
`,` Democrat:    Give us your money. _We'll_ solve your problems. `,`
`,` Republican:  Give us your money. We'll ignore your problems.  `,`
`,` Libertarian: Keep your money. Solve your own problems.        `,`
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,` steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu `,`,`,`

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54130
From: ghm@sserve.cc.adfa.oz.au (Geoff Miller)
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:

>Promising field experiments are being done this year in several areas of
>the country relating to chemical contraceptive baits for deer. Preliminary
>data suggests that this will be a cost-effective and humane method for
>preventing over-population of habitats.

Preliminary data regarding similar research into kangaroo overpopulation
in Australia do not in any way support the cost-effectiveness of this
approach.  It _may_ be cost-effective for deer--if you quietly overlook
the fact that the net cost to the state of deer hunting is _negative_
(i.e. a profit) because the (majority of) hunters pay for licences.
The cost comparisons are probably being done assuming that people have
to be employed to cull the animals, which is not in fact the case.
You figure people are going to pay for licences to implant contraceptive
pellets or spread baits?

There has been a fair bit of discussion about this here recently,
because the kangaroo population in the grounds of the Governor-
General's residence has now reached plague proportions.  Despite the
whines of the rampant animal-libbers, the most effective method of
controlling the population is still considered to be controlled
shooting.

>So, now why should we allow hunting ... to prevent over-population of
>the deer/bear/<whatever> ? Sorry, but that 'justification' of blood-
>lust is now gone with the wind. Once mass-production of this stuff
>begins, animal populations can be easily managed without a shot being
>fired.  This leaves only the fact that some people *like* to go out
>in the woods and *kill* things.

Some people take satisfaction (IMHO, legitimate satisfaction) in eating
food that they have harvested themselves.  The pleasure derived from
hunting is the same as that you get from eating fruit and vegetables
grown in your own garden (and, in general, game meat is probably much 
freer of unpleasant chemicals than what you buy from the butcher or
the supermarket).

> That may be a motivation, but it
>cannot now be justified. Expect PETA and like organizations to use
>this argument to get hunting banned - period. 

By "cannot now be justified" I guess you mean that you personally
don't see any justification.  Fine--but what makes your opinion
so important?

>With no legitimate hunting, with the papers filled with stories of
>senseless murders ... I guess there won't be a chance in hell of
>building a case for the RKBA that will withstand either public
>opinion, necessity or scientific scrutiny. Don't give me that
>"silent majority wants guns" crap ... they are and will be 'silent'.
>No votes for RKBA, no RKBA. 

Certainly the last point is correct.  If politicians don't see any
votes for themselves in opposing stupid legislation or in developing
and supporting measures which might be effective in reducing the 
incidence of violent crime they won't do these things.

Geoff Miller  (g-miller@adfa.edu.au)
Computer Centre, Australian Defence Force Academy


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54131
From: ron@hpfcso.FC.HP.COM (Ron Miller)
Subject: Re: Boston Gun Buy Back

> From: urbin@interlan.interlan.com (Mark Urbin)
> 
> >RM:Just a short thought: 
> >When you ask the question of the "authorities" or sponsors of buyback
> >programs whether they will check for stolen weapons and they answer
> >"no, it's total amnesty".

>     Please note that the $50 given for each firearm, in the Boston `buy 
> back' will not be in cash, but money orders.  How much `total amnesty" can 
> you get if you leave paper trail behind?

In the latest case in Denver, they were giving away tickets to a Denver
Nuggets basketball game. 

How traceable is a money order?  (I don't know. Haven't used one in 20 years)

Is that even an issue if the weapons aren't checked for being stolen?

Ron

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54132
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:

>	Observations from a naive norwegian:

Yup, you said it.  I admire such honesty. ;-)

>	1) Guns are made to KILL people, not to shoot target or to 
>	have something more macho than stamps to collect.....

Fire an Anschutz .22, then come back and talk to us.  You're letting
ignorance and possibly fear cloud your thinking.  Either that, or this
is sour grapes because we beat you in the Olympic shooting events.
Funny, you'd think biathalon would be a natural sport for the norse. ;-)

>	2) It IS more easy to kill/injure someone with a gun than
>	with a knife or a bat (as in baseball).

Precisely.  That makes them the best method of defense for the citizenry.
Not everybody has the time to train with a gladius, you know, but for
some reason those who prey on others seem to have more free time.  To
extend this a bit further, you need only a certain level of competence
to beat another with a range weapon.  Getting in their face with a
weapon and winning is much more difficult, and requires more training
time the average citizen just does not have.  I've spent a few years
practicing with a sword.  I can take the common person armed with one
(though self-defense isn't the reason I own one).  My kid sister would
have an even chance of beating me, gun vs. gun, with only a month of
training.  That makes firearms much better, in our eyes.

>	3) It's not very wise to compare two completely different
>	countries like USA and, let's say, Island on issues like
>	crime and violence.

Excellent point.  Perhaps you aren't so naive after all?

>	4) Yes, the problem is  people committing crimes, not the tools
>	beeing used, but 1) should be taken into concideration.

Taken into consideration in what respect?  Though quite wrong, let's
make it a blanket statement for weapons in general.  This has been
taken into consideration.  We call use of them aggrivated assault,
assault with a deadly weapon, assault with intent to kill, attempted
murder, and a whole host of others, and tack on extra prison time.

>	We have a very strict gun-legislation in Norway, but until recently
>	it was possible for enyone over 18 years to buy a shotgun.
>	Shotguns are used mainly for hunting in Norway(...), but because it
>	was so easy to accuire one, it was THE most used gun in crimes.

In Norway I suspect it was about the only weapon available.  You conquered
your land (among others) a full millenia before we were thought of, and
shortly thereafter weapons weren't quite so common.  I suspect that a few
world wars made a difference too, since in times of emergency weapons
tend to be turned in or donated to needy causes.  I'm curious, though,
were the weapons used in the crimes bought shortly before the crime, or
were they aquired by other means?  Any requirements other than just
registering the shotgun?

>	And -unbelievable- the use of guns in crime fell.....
>	There are now a new law against wearing long knives in public,
>	and why should it be allowed ??

"Come on down to honest Erik's Used Swords!  Here's a slightly-used
short sword, *THE* battlefield supremacy weapon of the eleventh
century!  Only $39.95 with trade-in.  Easy financing!"  Sorry, I
couldn't resist.  You guys still slicing each other with long knives,
or is this really not a problem?

>	What I, as an scandinavian, have problems to understand is that 
>	you (Americans) have a more liberal view on guns and violence
>	than on nudity and sex.
>	Try showing a bare breast on tv insted of violence and murder...

I'm all for that.  What gets me is that scandanavians (and yes, I'm only
a couple generations off the longship) used to be some of the most
feared warriors on the planet a mere millenia ago, yet now seem to
spend their time sitting in spas and doing a bit of topless sunbathing.
Maybe you had a bit more time, and a more homogeneous culture, to become
civilized with?

>	Yes, I know a little American history, but is it a civil/human
>	right to have an assault gun in your home and/or an handgun
>	in your car??

Yes.  We're too damned violent, partially I believe because we are not
a homogeneous culture and don't identify ourselves as "Americans" first
and foremost.  I'm rather proud of my Norwegian and Danish heritage,
whereas I suspect you couldn't care less about that 2% Welsh blood in
your veins thanks to a raid in Ireland back in 1055?  The time scale
and the homogeneous culture are important.  Equally important is a
basic philosophical difference in personal versus collective good.
In America, the individual is more important than the masses.  Personal
liberties are prized above all.  This is, sadly, changing of late, but
I trust you notice how this call for freedom makes laws that restrict
individuals for little collective benefit hateful to Americans.  I'd
hazard a guess that, were America less interested in freedom and
personal liberty and more interested in collective good we never would
have sent our armed forces anywhere.  One poor effect of this culture
we have is that we're looking out for ourselves and it is quite easy
to identify with only a small segment of the population.  My grandmother
tells of being discriminated against back in Denmark because she spoke
"low Dane," whereas others spoke "high Dane."  It was shortly after
World War II, as I remember, that "low Dane" was abolished so there was
one common dialect.  We cannot fathom such a minor thing being a problem,
because we have even more obvious means of identifying an "outsider."

>			The bad english is not my fault, it's probably
>			the keyboard-software or the quality of the
>			subtext on tv......

Take heart, yours is better than 90% of what gets posted by native speakers.
Any helpful hints for our educational system?  People have this annoying
tendency to drop out of school and sell drugs over here.

[ ;-) And what kind of name is Thomas Parsli?  Here, you can use my great
grandfather's before he changed it: Christian Aarskog.  That's a
great one for getting mispronounced.  I think that's why he changed it.
I don't think he needs it anymore ;-) ]

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54133
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: Gun Talk -- Legislative Update for States

lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:

>IOWA:  All firearm related bills are dead.  Senate File 303
>dealing with off-duty police officers carrying concealed remains
>viable.

	The *POWER* of the word processor and a stamp at work.
The fact that around here the state rep generally lives no more than
nine miles from any constituent doesn't hurt, either.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54134
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: That silly outdated Bill (was Re: Koresh and Miranda)

In article <1qibs0$flk@vela.acs.oakland.edu> awesley@vela.acs.oakland.edu (awesley) writes:
>In article <1993Apr14.225910.14964@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU> andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:
i]>>Since there was no sniper fire, doing nothing was equally effective,
>>as was yelling "stop that".  Of course, if one wants to credit the
>>tanks with stopping non-existent sniper fire, we might was well credit 
>>it with stopping an invasion by Martians.  
>> 
>>See "Firearms, Violence and Civil Disorders" (from SRI) and "Sniping 
>>Incidents - A New Pattern of Violence" (from Brandeis University's 
>>Lemberg Center for the Study of Violence).
>
>>>>There was precisely ONE
>>>>verified sniper in the 67 riots, a drunk firing a pistol out a window.
>
>Actually, there was only one confirmed sniper to >die< in Detroit,
>according to Sauter & Hines, _Nightmare in Detroit, A Rebellion & It's

What sources did Sauter and Hines use?  In Congressional hearings
later, the newspaper folk admitted that their reports were completely
wrong.  (Some of their excuses are understandable, while others amount
to gross negligence.  Then there's their "we lied".)  As far as I
know, they never did the followup.

>>So?  People other than snipers can shoot firemen.  If they are,
>>shooting at "snipers" can't help.  Blowing big holes in buildings that
>>don't contain "sniper nests" or worrying about travelling "sniper
>>squads" is a complete waste of time.
>
>Interesting.  Just curious, they do you believe that tanks did blow
>big holes in buildings in Detroit 67?

I don't have any relevant knowledge about the counter-sniper tactics
or what the govt did with the big war toys.  That's why I've only
commented on what they couldn't have accomplished, no matter what
they did.

>>Nope - the "sniper" fire was coming from other police/guard positions.
>
>The guard certainly needed to learn.  But I don't agree with the
>idea that there were no snipers at all.  From p. 121 of Sauter & Hines:
>
>     "Despite the force of the National Guard in alliance with the
>Army troops, the snipers did not stop.  The snipers boldly lay siege to the
>Fifth Precent police station and took pot shots at the Seventh.  Firemen
>were under constant harassment from snipers fired from half-closed
>darkened windows in high apartment buildings and from roof-tops."

Not in Detroit, not during the 60s.  That's newspaper copy and they
admitted later that they were wrong.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54135
From: jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

In article <PA146008.710.734831135@utkvm1.utk.edu>, PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal) writes:
> In article <1993Apr14.182610.2330@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
> 
>>In article <1993Apr14.120958.11363@synapse.bms.com>, hambidge@bms.com writes:
>>> Self defense is a valid reason for RKBA.
>>
>>	The vast majority get through life without ever having to
>>	own, use or display a firearm. 
> 
>        You might have missed the U.S. News & World Report excerpt
> I posted.  It is fairly consistant with other such polls, finding
> that approximately 40-50% of households have at least one firearm.
> How this translates into individual ownership is questionable, but I
> think it's fairly safe to say that you're wrong about the "vast majority."

	OK ... a near-majority actually OWN firearms, but I will still
	claim that the VAST majority never needs to use them or even
	threaten anyone with them. What do they do right ... or are
	they just lucky ? In either case, this means the 'average
	threat level' in this country is rather low. 
 
>>       Besides, there are other
>>	means of self-protection which can be just as effective
>>	as firearms. 
> 
>        Please name them.  The key phrase is "can be."  Theories are
> nice, but practicality is more important.  A taser (to chose an
> exmpale outlawed virtually everywhere) "can" be as effective as a gun,
> under optimal conditions when dealing with your absolute average
> [...]

	I think you have weapons on the brain. I never said that these
	alternative means of self-protection involved any hardware.
	Why are 'good' neighborhoods 'good' ? It isn't because every
	person is armed to the teeth. It is because of (1) attitude
	and (2) cooperation. In the 'good' neighborhoods, the residents
	make themselves aware of their neighbors and notice when
	strangers are lurking around. 'Good' neighborhoods form groups
	like 'crime-watch' to increase this effect, and the relative
	effectiveness of the police. When hostiles are arrested, the
	good neighbors step up and say "THAT'S the one officer ! He
	was robbing Mr. Jones' house". 

	In short, the alternative to firepower is gangs ... or at
	least a benificent manifestation of that social cooperative.
	Replace lead with flesh ... the flesh makes a better
	conversationalist too and you can invite it over for a
	block party. 

>>> Freedoms and rights are not dependent on public opinion, necessity, or
>>> scientific scrutiny.
>>
>>	New to this planet ? EVERYTHING is dependent on either public
>>	or political opinion, usually political. To imagine that
>>	inalienable 'rights' are somehow wired into the vast cold
>>	cosmos is purest egotism and a dangerous delusion.
> 
>        In a very real sense *everything* the government does is based
> on public approval, if for no other reason than at any particular time
> there aren't "public servants" commonly adorning trees.
> 
>        But legality and legitimacy also matter.  If a government's charter
> makes a rule, which the government then violates, it is violated the
> basis for its existance.  Enforcement of its will becomes a matter
> solely of force of arms.

	Oliver North. The man is positively worshiped in many
	all-American 'conservative' quarters. He and Big Ron
	set-up a secret government and did all sorts of severely
	illegal deeds - the kind of stuff you and I would be doing
	twenty-to-life for, yet he walks free. This BS happens all
	the time. In fact, it happens so much that no one really
	cares anymore.  'Legitimacy' is a non-issue. Legality is
	a non-issue. So long as we get T-bones and our MTV, who
	gives a rats ass ? 

>>> No arguments against RKBA can withstand scientific scrutiny.
>>
>>	They don't have to. Like so many other things, the issue
>>	is one of -perception- rather than boring statistics.
> 
>        Excuse me, sir, but *you* were the one suggesting that arguments
> for RKBA would not stand up to scientific scrutiny.

	No. I claimed that no one is interested in the statistical
	aspects of the argument. Pure emotion, like the abortion issue.

>>	Every time some young innocent is gunned-down in a drive
>>	by, every time some kid is murdered for a jacket, every
>>	time a store clerk is executed for three dollars in change,
>>	every time some moron kills his wife because she took the
>>	last beer from the fridge, every time someone hears a 'bang'
>>	in the night .... the RKBA dies. 
> 
>         Emotion is hard to argue against.  But it must be done anyway if
> emotion is wrong.

	Argue away ... you can't win. 

>>       The stats are not all *that*
>>	clearly behind firearms - 
> 
>         And just yesterday you claimed they weren't behind them at
> all.
> 
>>       the protection factor does not
>>	strongly outweigh the mindless mayhem factor. 
> 
>         Operating under the assumption that the same conditions absolutely
> govern both of them.  That the expansion of one automatically necessitates
> the contraction of the other.

	Firearms-related mindless mayhem will be related to the
	availibility of firearms. If they become scarce and 
	and expensive, a different psychology will take hold.
	I *think* they would be used far less to settle trivial
	complaints. 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54136
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:

>	New to this planet ? EVERYTHING is dependent on either public
>	or political opinion, usually political. To imagine that
>	inalienable 'rights' are somehow wired into the vast cold
>	cosmos is purest egotism and a dangerous delusion.

"We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created
equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable
Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness."

				Declaration of Independence
					4 July 1776

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54137
From: cmort@NCoast.ORG (Christopher Morton)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

As quoted from <1993Apr14.184448.2331@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> by jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu:

> 	Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.
> 	It would not be economic to smuggle them in. All production
> 	would have to be local. There are not all that many people
> 	who have both the skill AND motivation to assemble worthwhile
> 	firearms from scratch. High-ranking crime figures could
> 	obtain imported Uzis and such, but the average person, and
> 	average thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun - and would
> 	pay through the nose for it. 

You don't know much about modern automatic weapons, do you?  Just about ANYBODY
with basic manufacturing skill can turn out HIGH QUALITY submachineguns.  A 
couple of high school shop teachers were recently arrested for building 
submachineguns in the school shop.

I suggest that you go to the library and find a copy of "Smallarms of the 
World".  Your entire premise is based on non-factual assumptions.

-- 
===================================================================
"You're like a bunch of over-educated, New York jewish ACLU lawyers
fighting to eliminate school prayer from the public schools in
Arkansas" - Holly Silva

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54138
From: mjp@austin.ibm.com  (Michael Phelps)
Subject: Re: Non-lethal alternatives to handguns?


holland@CS.ColoState.EDU (douglas craig holland) writes:
|> What about guns with non-lethal bullets, like rubber or plastic bullets.
|> Would those work very well in stopping an attack?
|> 
|> 						Doug Holland

 Any projectile traveling at or near typical bullet speeds is potentially
lethal.  Even blanks [which have no projectile] can cause death if the
muzzle is in close proximity to the victim.  I have heard of rubber or
plastic bullets being used effectively during riot situations [where the
intent is crowd control, rather than close range self defense]; i've also
seen reports of deaths caused by them [the British in Northern Ireland].
 Use of a firearm for self defense is appropriate and lawful only in the
gravest of situations; at that point, i consider deadly [lethal] force to 
be a proper reaction [and so does the law].  
 Furthermore, use of less effective [but still potentially lethal] force
has its own set of problems.  It may well take more applications of the
less effective force to stop the incident; this places all parties at some
risk; the victim because the attack has not stopped, and the assailent 
since the aggregate damage done by the multiple applications may well be
more deadly.

-- 
Michael Phelps, (external) mjp@vnet.ibm.com ..
                (internal) mjp@bwa.kgn.ibm.com .. mjp at kgnvmy         
 (and last but not least a disclaimer)  These opinions are mine..       

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54139
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

In article <1993Apr14.182610.2330@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu>, jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>In article <1993Apr14.120958.11363@synapse.bms.com>, hambidge@bms.com writes:
>> 
>> The Second Amendment is about sovereignty, not sporting goods.
>
>	Perfectly correct, but it won't make any difference.

Hmm.  I beg to differ.  It will probably make a big difference at some
point.

>
>> Self defense is a valid reason for RKBA.
>
>	The vast majority get through life without ever having to
>	own, use or display a firearm. Besides, there are other
>	means of self-protection which can be just as effective
>	as firearms. 

Thankfully, it is true that the majority go through life without
having to use a firearm.  Howver, there are situations where firearms
are the most effective means of self protection.  What other means do
you propose as equally effective?


>
>> Freedoms and rights are not dependent on public opinion, necessity, or
>> scientific scrutiny.
>
>	New to this planet ? EVERYTHING is dependent on either public
>	or political opinion, usually political. To imagine that
>	inalienable 'rights' are somehow wired into the vast cold
>	cosmos is purest egotism and a dangerous delusion.

New to this country? New to political theory?
Alas, I was speaking of principle.  Without principle, all attempts at
republican forms of gov't are futile.  There are times when public and
political opinion are contrary to principle, which is why we have a
Constitution which enumerates gov't powers and presumes certain
rights.  A major reason for this was to prevent a tyranny of the
majority.

>
>> No arguments against RKBA can withstand scientific scrutiny.
>
>	They don't have to. Like so many other things, the issue
>	is one of -perception- rather than boring statistics.
>	Every time some young innocent is gunned-down in a drive
>	by, every time some kid is murdered for a jacket, every
>	time a store clerk is executed for three dollars in change,
>	every time some moron kills his wife because she took the
>	last beer from the fridge, every time someone hears a 'bang'
>	in the night .... the RKBA dies. The stats are not all *that*
>	clearly behind firearms - the protection factor does not
>	strongly outweigh the mindless mayhem factor. Given society
>	as we now experience it - it seems safer to get rid of
>	as many guns as possible. That may be an error, but enough
>	active voters believe in that course. 

This is exactly why law should be based on reasoned thought, not
immediate perception.  Of course, it doesn't always work that way.
Fortunately, while there are no guarantees, logic sometimes does
prevail.  And, if not, there are still means for correction.  
As far as "enough active voters" are concerned, that is still
an open question until the vote is made.

>
>> How do you intend to 'silence' RKBA supporters?
>
>	Talk all you want. Talk about the "good old days" when
>	you used to own firearms. After a while, such talk will
>	take on the character of war stories ... and no one will
>	be very interested anymore.

You portray a possible scenario for the future.  But, how will you
silence RKBA supporters right now?  As long as public debate is
allowed, such debate will continue. If we allow public debate to be
restricted or denied, then we will get a gov't we deserve.

Al
[standard disclaimer]


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54140
From: jim.wray@yob.sccsi.com (Jim Wray)
Subject: CNN for sale


 Bill Vojak:

 BV>I read in the paper yestarday that Ted Turner wants to "trim" down
 BV>his media holdings and is putting CNN up for sale.  The #1 potential
 BV>bidder?  TIME/Warner of course.  Sigh . . . . . Just what we need. :-(

 Maybe now's the time for us, the NRA, GOA, CCRTKBA, SAF, et al to band
 together and buy CNN as *our* voice. Wouldn't that be sumpin....broadcast
 the truth for a change and be able to air a favorable pro-gun item or two....
---
 . OLX 2.2 . There is no way they can get over here!        A. Maginot
                                                                   
----
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Ye Olde Bailey BBS   713-520-1569 (V.32bis) 713-520-9566 (V.32bis)     |
|   Houston,Texas          yob.sccsi.com       Home of alt.cosuard       |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54141
From: jim.wray@yob.sccsi.com (Jim Wray)
Subject: Re: With Friends Like The


 Paul Prescod pontificating:

 PP>State.EDU (Cathy Smith) writes:

 PP>>     Libertarians oppose BOTH waiting periods AND background checks
 PP>>-- or ANY prerequisite for exercising rights that are supposed to
 PP>>be guaranteed.

 PP>Let me get this straight.  Unlike the other idiots in this newsgroup,
 PP>you actually support anybody having unlimited access to guns,
 PP>inclucing criminals.  (or would you prohibit them from owning them,
 PP>but not from buying them?)

 PP>You are a supreme idiot.  You make the other idiots look like Mensa members.

Thanks Paul, for yet another fine example of the holier than thou gun control
mindset. Why don't you add something intelligent to the debate, like maybe
nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah.
---
 . OLX 2.2 . Fight crime..... shoot back!
                                                                           
----
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Ye Olde Bailey BBS   713-520-1569 (V.32bis) 713-520-9566 (V.32bis)     |
|   Houston,Texas          yob.sccsi.com       Home of alt.cosuard       |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54142
From: jim.wray@yob.sccsi.com (Jim Wray)
Subject: Re: My turn


 Dan Sorenson writing:

 ...

 DS>I'd rather not get into the Nationalized Medical Care debate
 DS>here, but I find it amazing that criminals often live better than the
 DS>rest of the population, in some aspects, and that we're paying for
                               ^^^^
 DS>them to do so.  As an example, in November I had my annual dental

 ...

 Here, you are somewhat in error.....in ALL respects we are paying. When we
 are not paying for their countryclub incarceration, we are paying with our
 lives and belongings as their prey. Upon what would they practice their
 nefarious predatory acts if not for the citizens of this country. What is
 amazing to me is the mindset of those who overtly and covertly perpetuate
 a justice system (har) that essentially mandates that some of us offer up
 ourselves as that prey while they suitably insulate themselves from the
 preyground.
---
 . OLX 2.2 . Church of Crime & Justice....come, let us prey!
                                
----
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Ye Olde Bailey BBS   713-520-1569 (V.32bis) 713-520-9566 (V.32bis)     |
|   Houston,Texas          yob.sccsi.com       Home of alt.cosuard       |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54143
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

In article <1993Apr14.183025.29688@sco.com> allanh@sco.COM (Allan J. Heim)  
writes:
> 
> papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod):
> 
>    >Drugs are banned, please tell me when this supply will dry up?
> 
>    Drugs are easier to manufacture, easier to smuggle, easier to hide.
>    No comparison.
> 
> Then let's use another example--alcoholic beverages.  Bottles of whiskey
> are larger, heavier, and more fragile than bags of drugs.  Barrels and
> kegs are larger and heavier still, and are difficult to manipulate.
> Yet, a lot of people managed to get very rich off of the smuggling of
> booze into this country during the years of Prohibition.  There was a
> demand, so an entire industry formed to supply it.

I beleive this was the source of the Kennedy clan's money.
> 
> So unless there's something I'm missing, I think your argument that guns
> won't be smuggled because theyr'e more difficult to manufacture, smuggle
> and hide won't wash.  If enough people want something, somebody will try
> to supply it.
> -- 
> Allan J. Heim   allanh@sco.COM   ...!uunet!sco!allanh   +1 408 427 7813
Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54144
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <CMM.0.90.2.734814613.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no> Thomas Parsli  
<thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
> 
> 
> 	Observations from a naive norwegian:
> 
> 	1) Guns are made to KILL people, not to shoot target or to 
> 	have something more macho than stamps to collect.....
> 
> 	2) It IS more easy to kill/injure someone with a gun than
> 	with a knife or a bat (as in baseball).
> 
> 	3) It's not very wise to compare two completely different
> 	countries like USA and, let's say, Island on issues like
> 	crime and violence.
> 
> 	4) Yes, the problem is  people committing crimes, not the tools
> 	beeing used, but 1) should be taken into concideration.
> 
Only as far as it affects the crime rate.
> 
> 	We have a very strict gun-legislation in Norway, but until recently
> 	it was possible for enyone over 18 years to buy a shotgun.
> 	Shotguns are used mainly for hunting in Norway(...), but because it
> 	was so easy to accuire one, it was THE most used gun in crimes.
> 	The solution was to restrict the sale, so it's now necessary to 
> 	apply and register your shotgun.
> 	And -unbelievable- the use of guns in crime fell.....

Did the RATE of crime fall?  If not, the ban was of no use.  It is the rate of  
violent crime that matters, not the tools used.  "It's the crime, stupid!"

> 	There are now a new law against wearing long knives in public,
> 	and why should it be allowed ??
> 

Apparently that became the weapon of choice after the shotguns were banned.   
After that, they'll decide the car of choice  is the Saab, and propose a ban on  
that!

> 	What I, as an scandinavian, have problems to understand is that 
> 	you (Americans) have a more liberal view on guns and violence
> 	than on nudity and sex.
> 	Try showing a bare breast on tv insted of violence and murder...
> 
> 	Yes, I know a little American history, but is it a civil/human
> 	right to have an assault gun in your home and/or an handgun
> 	in your car??
> 

Yes.  We still trust honest people here.  For the time being.

> 
> 			The bad english is not my fault, it's probably
> 			the keyboard-software or the quality of the
> 			subtext on tv......
> 
> 
> 	Disclamer(not):
> 	These are the views of all studens at my university,
> 	all Norwegians and probably whole of the universe...
> 
> 
> 			                       Thomas Parsli
> 	                                     thomasp@ifi.uio.no
> 


--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54145
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: A Scoop of Waco Road, Please

Your "lite" posting for the day, from rec.humor.funny:

In article <S539.2adf@looking.on.ca>, bellas@tti.com (Pete Bellas) writes:
> 
> There is a new Ice Cream Flavor inspired by the incident at Waco.
> 
> It's called Mount Caramel, it's full of nuts but you can't get it out
> of the carton.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54146
From: 0005111312@mcimail.com (Peter Nesbitt)
Subject: Newspapers censoring gun advertisements

Recently while looking around in Traders Sporting Goods store, a very well
stocked firearms store, I discovered a printed document that was being 
distributed by the good folks who work there.  Traders, BTW, is located in
San Leandro, CA.

Granted, the document may be asking you and I to help out Traders, but in the
big scope of things, I feel that we would do all gun owners a favor by helping
to this cause.

Anyway, here it is:

NEWSPAPER AD CENSORSHIP

Are you letting the newspapers tell you how to live your life, what's good for
you, what's not, and exercise blatant censorship over what you read in their
advertisments?

The newspapers have now decided to censor gun ads - which is why you no longer
see the ads that Traders, San Leandro, has run for many years.

These ads were run for the law-abiding honest citizens who own firearms for
sporting use or self-protection.  They certainly have the right to do so, under
the Second Amendment Right to Bear Arms.

If you are tired of newspapers who run sex and liquor ads galor, yet refuse to
run legitimate gun ads, please send a letter to the editors indicating your
displeasure over their censorship doctrine.

Following is a list of Bay area newspapers who censor gun ads.  Perhaps you'd
like to send them your thoughts on this issue!

Oakland Tribune		Daily Review		Alameda Times-Star
POB 28883		POB 5050		1516 Oak St.
Oakland, CA 94604	Hayward,94540	Alameda, CA 94501

Argus			Tri Valley Herald	San Leandro Times
3850 Decoto Rd.		POB 10367		161 W. Juana Ave.
Fremont, CA 94555	Pleasanton, CA 94588	San Leandro, CA 94577

Contra Costa Times	San Mateo Times		San Francisco Chronicle
POB 5088		POB 5400		901 Mission St.
Walnut Creek, CA 94596	San Mateo, CA 94402	San Francisco, CA 94103

San Fran. Independent	San Fran. Examiner	San Jose Mercury News
1201 Evans Ave		110 5th St.		750 Ridder Park Dr.
San Fran., CA 94124	San Fran., CA 94103	San Jose, CA 95190

Then there are six pages of "facts".  I can not validate these facts, and 
there were no sources, but many feel and sound very true.  Here are the topic
headlines:

- Big Media Snow Job
- Blaming Firearms for Murder is Like Blaming Hospitals for Death
- I could use the same Nazi Journalistic Technique of CBS and ABC to prove
  that Hospitals Cause Death
- How NBC, CBS, and ABC have scammed the American people on "gun control"
- American TV journalism is based on Nazi journalism
- Why TV journalists lie
- The Government with the help of the TV networks, has succeeded in playing
  one group against the other
- Gun laws are unconstitutional
- American gun laws are based on Nazi gun laws
- The Government is trying to devide and conquer
- The CIA wants your firearms

and so on for six pages.

So now we have the media trying help put gun dealers out of business by trying
to limit their exposure to potential customers, and preventing the customers
from reading about sales of ammunition and firearms for sporting, hunting, or
other recreational use.

Let me know if you write to any of these bozos.

/-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\

| Peter D. Nesbitt |     Air Traffic Controller     | PNESBITT@MCIMAIL.COM    |

|                  |       Oakland Bay TRACON       |                         |

|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

|  CBR600F2 Pilot  |       NRA Member CCX1380F      |  S&W .41 Magnum Carrier |

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------/




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54147
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card


|What seems to be happening here is the situation getting totally blown out of
|proportion.  In my post I was referring to your regular patrolman in a car
|cruising around the city vs. gang members.  Of course the police have access
|to the things that you mentioned but do they use tanks and such all of the
|time?  Of course they don't and that's the point I was trying to make.  Every
|day when I go out to lunch I always see cops coming in.  The majority that I
|see are still carrying revolvers.  Not that there is anything wrong with a
|revolver but if you're a cop that is up against some gang member with a couple
|of automatics in his coat (I mean semi-auto handguns) you're going to be at a
|disadvantage even with training.  I have been at a shooting range where gang
|gang members were "practicing" shooting.  They were actually practicing
|taking out their guns as quick as possible and shooting at the target
|and they weren't doing too badly either.   The University cops here (who are
|are state cops) are armed better than the Chicago police.  It seems most
|state cops are.  I don't know where you are originally from David but you live
|in Tennesse and I live in Chicago and see this crap everyday on the news
|and in the papers.  I think the situation is just a tad different here
|than there.

However, don't forget that the police in Chicago can carry just about
anything they want except for the Glock, which is not approved for
carry (Guess they figure all cops are like the Police Chief of Winnetka,
who happened to let off a stray round of 9mm. This is the same anti-gun
police chief that wanted full-auto Uzis for his patrol cars...).

Perhaps in the judgement of the majority of Chicago's finest, a close-to-
100% reliable weapon like a revolver is preferable to a 99.99% reliable
automatic. I note that in Germany, where certainly the 9mm semi-auto
handgun is king, some of the more elite police types want revolvers.

I don't think the issue is cost, because Chicago police certainly make
on the order of at least $40K/year. 

Your presumption of "disadvantage" I think is not borne out by the
experiences of New York City's cops; there the cops usually come out
on top with their standard .38 Spl revolvers.

I've seen S&Ws, Rugers and Beretta 9mms in addition to the revolvers
carried by Chicago cops.... in the past, I've seen .45 M1911s; others
have seen Browning Hi-Powers...

|Jason

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54148
From: gardner@convex.com (Steve Gardner)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

In article <1993Apr14.184448.2331@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.
	Why?  Either the numerator or the denominator could fluctuate.
	The dollar value of a gun would (of course)
	go up if supply were restricted.  The weight of a gun might
	go down significantly as technology improved.   I don't
	think you have a basis to assert this.  
	
>It would not be economic to smuggle them in. All production
>would have to be local. There are not all that many people
>who have both the skill AND motivation to assemble worthwhile
>firearms from scratch. 
	The skill is easily taught to anyone with a modicum of
	mechanical aptitude and the ONLY motivator needed is 
	money.  If guns were banned then this motivator would kick
	in big time.  Now, of course, it is not a moneymaking
	proposition for every machine shop to make guns on the
	side when it ain't rebuilding engines.  Ban guns and 
	watch what happens.  You'll have to schedule a year in advance
	to get your brakes resurfaced. ;-)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54149
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !


|	Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.
|	It would not be economic to smuggle them in. All production
|	would have to be local. There are not all that many people
|	who have both the skill AND motivation to assemble worthwhile
|	firearms from scratch. High-ranking crime figures could
|	obtain imported Uzis and such, but the average person, and
|	average thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun - and would
|	pay through the nose for it. 

This is not borne out of reality; the old Soviet Union had a very
serious domestic handgun and submachinegun trade, guns that were
of commercial grade because they were produced in honest-to-goodness
machineshops. Why would all production have to be local; don't we
have a road system that is the envy of the world?

I seem to recall incidents in the past where Chinese entreprenaurs
attempted to smuggle AK-47s (semi-autos) into this country to
get around import number limitations (May have been Gunweek where
I read that years ago...)

Any person with high-school drafting skills and vocational school
machineshop training could produce a submachinegun. You talk about
the average person not being able get even a zip-gun; well now, think
of all that private CNC controlled machinery that is not being used for
3 shifts a day; do you think that if guns were being sold on the
black market for say, $150, an enterprising mechanical engineer
could be using that machinery to produce workable submachineguns
for sale? After all, GUNWEEK had an article and pictures on how BATF
was looking for the manufacturer of quite efficient silencers that
were of commercial quality and finish.

Look at it this way, 25% of the U.S. households have a handgun. Say
at least half of those keep one for self-defense. You are talking a
potential market of of tens of millions of people who would seek
firearms for the purpose of self-preservation. Only a fool would
believe that market would not be filled, regardless of government
prohibitions.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54152
From: bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler)
Subject: Re: Armed Citizen - April '93

/ iftccu:talk.politics.guns / kendall@lds.loral.com (Colin Kendall 6842) /  9:23 am  Apr 13, 1993 /

In article <1993Apr5.164728.10847@dazixco.ingr.com> crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com writes:
>>
>>THE ARMED CITIZEN
>>+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
>>Mere presence of a firearm, without a shot being fired, prevents
>>crime in many instances, as shown by news reports sent to The
>>Armed Citizen.  
>
>Perhaps so, but note that of the accounts cited, there was only
>one in which no shot was fired. Of the other twelve, five
>described cases in which the assailant was wounded by a shot,
>and six described cases in which the assailant was killed by a
>shot.

Follow more than one months posting.  As more than one reader has noted, 
there IS some reporting bias here.  I have seen months where these 
numbers were reversed.  I don't keep a constant tally, but it seems 
this particular issue had more shots fired than any other I can remember.

Rick.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54153
From: bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

Woops.  I'm not sure if I screwed up, but this is either forgery or some 
sort of mistake (aborted post that didn't abort) on my part.  

Bogus article below if seen in another post should be ignored..  

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
/ iftccu:talk.politics.guns / bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler) /  3:29 pm  Apr 13, 1993 /
/ iftccu:talk.politics.guns / papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod) /  1:49 am  Apr 12, 1993 /
In article <92468@hydra.gatech.EDU> gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH) writes:
>
>I certainly hope this is somebody's idea of a joke, as poor as it it...
>My earlier posting mentioning an illegal firearms MANUFACTURING site being
>searched for by the Feds in the Florida area was evidently ignored..

Let's look at this critically:
1.How many guns did this illegal manufacturing site make compared to
--------------------------------------------------------------------
<and so on...>

Sorry.
Rick.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54154
From: bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler)
Subject: Re: "Proper gun control?" What is proper gun control? (was Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card)

/ iftccu:talk.politics.guns / mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider) /  8:51 pm  Apr 12, 1993 /

>I think most of us would rather be held up with a knife than with a gun,
>but HOW THE HELL ARE YOU GOING TO MANAGE THAT?  You still haven't offered

I've been watching this knife verses gun bit for a while now, (even
contributed a few comments) but this stuff "I'd rather face a knife than
a gun" has GOT to come from ignorance!  I used to think pretty much the
same thing, then I got 'educated.'

People do not as a rule understand how deadly knives can be, or how
quickly you can be killed with one.  Most people don't understand that
it takes less than an inch of penetration in some areas to cause quick
(within a minute or so) death.

The death rates from handguns and knives are within a few percentage
points of each other.  Many people not realizing how deadly knives are
'try their luck' and thus more get injured by knives.  A gun is deadly
only in a single direction and it's only advantage is that it is a
remote control weapon.  A contact weapon such as a knife controls a
spherical area 7 to 10 feet in diameter.

Most people have never seen knife wounds, aside from slicing a finger by
accident.  From 21 feet or so, a knife is very nearly an even match for
a holstered gun in experienced hands, even if the knife wielder has only
moderate skill.  From inside 10 feet or so, a knife is a match for a
DRAWN gun.  A knife is utterly silent, it never jams and never runs out
of ammunition.  It is limited only by the speed, dexterity skill and
ability of it's wielder.  Criminals in general are young, fast and
strong.  It's interesting to note that the patterned slashing attacks
used by many martial artists remarkably resemble the wild uncontrolled
slashing attacks of novices.  I've talked to several well trained
martial artists.  They have unanimously agreed that if they ever go up
against a knife they simply plan on being cut, hopefully not as bad as
the attacker.

Practicing with firearms requires facilities and equipment.  Practicing
with knives requires only a small area and something to simulate a
knife, say a popsicle stick or tooth brush.  Criminals practice their
knife attacks in prison.

If you have not trained against knives with a firearm and do not realize
these facts the first inkling you will have that something is wrong is
the knife ripping through your throat, or in the case of an experienced
attacker, parts of your body falling off onto the ground.  A 60 year old
man with arthritis can close that 7 yard distance and gut you in about
one and a half seconds.  Dennis Tueller with a broken leg in a walking
cast managed it in two.  I've seen people close that distance and strike
in 1 second.  I'm old, over weight and slow.  I can do it in 1.3
seconds.  I've seen morgue footage of people killed with edged weapons
that you would not believe.  (How about a single stab wound to the chest
with a TABLE FORK!  In this case the attacker used the HANDLE, not the
pointed end.)

Add to this the 'fact' that hand gun 'stopping' power is largely a myth.
Except in the case of a central nervous system shot, or a round that
destroys the skeletal structure, it takes anywhere from 3 to twelve
seconds for a bullet wound to 'take effect.'

This is true of even heart shots.  There is the case of the police woman
in L.A., the first recorded survivor of a .357 shot to the heart.  That
lady not only killed her attacker, but chased him down to do it!  All
four of her shots, fired after SHE had been shot, struck the perp.  Atta
girl!  The bullet entered her on a downward angle, went through the apex
of her heart, down through the diaphragm, clipped her liver and
destroyed her spleen.  It then exited her back leaving a tennis ball
sized hole.  She died about six times on the operating table, but was
out of the hospital in 15 days and was back on full duty in eight
months!  She was off duty at the time and not wearing her vest.  She was
on her way home so happened to have her gun.  No, she doesn't think
civilians should have the same rights.  Sigh.

The moral of the story is that even if you DO manage to shoot a knife
attacker, you'd better be planning on doing some dodging.  A good
alternative is to shoot for and break the pelvis.  People can often walk
(a little) on broken legs but a broken pelvis will nearly always anchor
them.  Many firearms schools recommend pelvis shots against contact
weapons.  The target is as large as the traditional 'center of mass' and
is more reliable to STOP somebody with a contact weapon, assuming a
caliber powerful enough to 'do the job.'  Hot .38's on up will usually
do this.

Remember folks, the idea isn't to 'take em with you' but for you to live
and them to fail, whatever the consequences for them.  This the reason
'killing them' isn't our goal, or in many cases even good enough to keep
us alive.

I don't want to face a violent attack of any sort.  Knowing what I now
know, I can't rightly say I'd rather face a knife than an gun.  It would
have to depend on the attacker, and if I could pick and choose, I
WOULDN'T BE THERE.  This is really the bottom line.  Criminals do not
fear the law.  Criminals do not fear the weapon.  They fear the citizen
behind the weapon that has shown the resolution and determination to do
whatever it takes.

Rick.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54155
From: bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler)
Subject: Re: "Proper gun control?" What is proper gun control? (was Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card)

/ iftccu:talk.politics.guns / hays@ssd.intel.com (Kirk Hays) /  3:31 pm  Apr 13, 1993 /

>Some of the pro-gun posters in this group own no guns.  The dread 
>"Terminator", aka "The Rifleman", owned no firearms for several years 
>while posting in this group, as an example.  There are others.

Good point, Kirk.

He's still around too.  He's responded by email to a couple of my posts, 
and gosh darn, he's gotten down right civil!  This happed about the time 
he got his first firearm.  Wonder if there is a relationship here?  Turns
out that MOST people (at least the ones who are not criminals to start
with) act responsibility once given the chance.

Rick.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54156
From: chris@MorningStar.Com (Chris Miller)
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

In article <1993Apr14.182610.2330@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>In article <1993Apr14.120958.11363@synapse.bms.com>, hambidge@bms.com writes:
>> 
>> The Second Amendment is about sovereignty, not sporting goods.
>
>	Perfectly correct, but it won't make any difference.

I agree.  Sad, but true.

>
>> Self defense is a valid reason for RKBA.
>
>	The vast majority get through life without ever having to
>	own, use or display a firearm. Besides, there are other
>	means of self-protection which can be just as effective
>	as firearms. 

Please name one.

>
>> Freedoms and rights are not dependent on public opinion, necessity, or
>> scientific scrutiny.
>
>	New to this planet ? EVERYTHING is dependent on either public
>	or political opinion, usually political. To imagine that
>	inalienable 'rights' are somehow wired into the vast cold
>	cosmos is purest egotism and a dangerous delusion.
>

.... Upon which our Bill of Rights is based.  Some delusion.

>> No arguments against RKBA can withstand scientific scrutiny.
>
>	They don't have to. Like so many other things, the issue
>	is one of -perception- rather than boring statistics.
>	Every time some young innocent is gunned-down in a drive
>	by, every time some kid is murdered for a jacket, every
>	time a store clerk is executed for three dollars in change,
>	every time some moron kills his wife because she took the
>	last beer from the fridge, every time someone hears a 'bang'
>	in the night .... the RKBA dies. The stats are not all *that*
>	clearly behind firearms - the protection factor does not
>	strongly outweigh the mindless mayhem factor. Given society
>	as we now experience it - it seems safer to get rid of
>	as many guns as possible. That may be an error, but enough
>	active voters believe in that course. 
>

If this were not true in practice, then certain unethical politicians would
not be passing gun control laws.  Politicians are generally whores to public
opinion.  This does NOT mean the the public is either well informed or correct.
As for the stats,  anyone can support anything with the right stats.  The 
"right" stats, from what I've seen, are sometimes even used to support
conflicting sides of the same issue.


>> How do you intend to 'silence' RKBA supporters?
>
>	Talk all you want. Talk about the "good old days" when
>	you used to own firearms. After a while, such talk will
>	take on the character of war stories ... and no one will
>	be very interested anymore.
>

Used to own firearms? While armed insurrection, as the FF's of the Const. 
may have envisioned seems to me a somewhat fanatical approach to avoiding this,
Political protest is still an option at this point.  I agree that it's 
argueably not enough and/or too late.  If all else fails, there's always
PVC pipe and cosmoline.

--

Chris Miller
chris@MorningStar.Com

My opinions are my own (obviously), and by definition do not reflect the
opinions of anyone else...



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54157
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1993Apr14.232806.18970@beaver.cs.washington.edu> graham@cs.washington.edu (Stephen Graham) writes:
>In article <1qhpcn$b12@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>>Consider a similar structure:
>>"A well-educated electorate, being necessary for the security of a
>>free State, the right of the people to keep and read Books, shall not
>>be infringed."
>>
>>Now, does this mean only the electorate can keep and read books?  Does{
>>it mean only registered voters can keep and read books?  Does it mean 
>>only those who have voted can keep and read books?  Does it imply any
>>restrictions AT ALL on the right to keep and read books?
>
>But it would imply that the state had the right to regulate and enforce
>education.

That's nice, but it doesn't answer the question.  There is a difference
between "the feds can mandate literacy" and "the feds can't interfere
with literacy/book possession".

>>As far as "John Q. Public with a gun," the Supreme Court has already
>>ruled in cases such as US v. Miller (307 U.S. 175 (1939)), and US v.
>>Verdugo-Urquidez (110 S. Ct. 1839 (1990)) that that is EXACTLY what 
>>the amendment protects.  This interpretation can be found as far back
>>as the Dred Scott case, in 1857.
>
>It's worth noting that US vs. Miller sustained Miller's conviction
>of possession of an illegal firearm, noting that a sawed-off shotgun
>was not a proper militia weapon. Therefore, US vs. Miller supports
>limited government regulation of firearms.

Actually, the Miller court did nothing of the kind.  It remanded
the case back to the trial court because the miller court didn't
know if the weapon in question was a militia weapon.  (Doesn't it
bother anyone that a major constitutional issue was taken up in
a case where there was no defense?  Miller had been released by
the appeals court and disappeared - only the govt was represented.)

We don't know what would have happened with the reasonable "all guns
are militia weapons" argument.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54159
From: mpetro@brtph126.bnr.ca (Myron Petro P030)
Subject: Re: Boston Gun Buy Back

>Ron Miller wrote:
>When you ask the question of the "authorities" or sponsors of buyback
>programs whether they will check for stolen weapons and they answer
>"no, it's total amnesty".
 (good point about registration schemes being used only for harassment deleted)

 I would also like to point out that this is receiving stolen property and is 
no different than a pawn shop owner doing the same thing. 
 
  
	Myron Petro
	NRA, USPSA
        DVC y'all
	**************************************************************************
	 The opinions included in this post are my sole responsibility.
	 And are protected by the First Amendment and guarnteed by the 
	 Second Amendment.   

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54160
From: slack@boi.hp.com (David Slack)
Subject: Re: Clinton wants National ID card, aka USSR-style "Internal Passport"


The idea of the card is bull in and of its self, but I'm curious to know, do 
they plan on making it a requirement to *always* have it on you, or is it 
only going to be required to be *presented* when trying to ge medical aid?

BTW, anybody planning on shaving Hillary's head to look for *666*? 8^)

Later Dave,
Days

^^^^^^^^
Goverment logic or just the Clintons?


--
    ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
   |_/_/_/  _/       _/      _/_/  _/  _/ | David H. Slack                  |
   |_/      _/      _/_/    _/     _/ _/  | Boise Surface Mount Center      |
   |_/_/_/  _/     _/  _/   _/     _/_/   | email: slack@hpdmd48.boi.hp.com |
   |    _/  _/    _/_/_/_/  _/     _/ _/  | telnet: 323 4019                |
   |_/_/_/  _/_/ _/      _   _/_/  _/  _/ | phone: (208) 323 4019           |
   |------------------------------------------------------------------------|
   | Hewlett-Packard, 11213 Chinden Blvd., Boise Idaho 83714-1023, M/S #625 |
    ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54162
From: nagle@netcom.com (John Nagle)
Subject: Re: FYI - BATF reply on Waco

      The San Francisco Examiner reports that Clinton has issued instructions
to federal law enforcement that they may not kill or injure anyone to 
resolve the Waco situation.  So they've built a fence around the compound,
and are now seriously considering building up the fence to prison-camp
levels, pulling out most of the manpower, and waiting however many months
it takes.

					John Nagle

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54163
From: jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1993Apr16.171115.16812@synapse.bms.com>, hambidge@bms.com writes:
-> Actually, the words "A well regulated Milita, being necessary to the
-> security of a free state" is a present participle, used as an
-> adjective to modify 'militia', which is followed by the main clause of
-> the sentence, the subject being 'the right', the verb 'shall'.  It
-> asserts that the right to keep and bear arms is essential for
-> maintaining a milita. 
-> a free state.

Yes, I agree the first half of the amendment does modify the noun 
militia.  But the difinition of modify that applies to how "well regulated" 
modifies "militia" is:
	to qualify or limit the meaning of.  For example, "wet"
	modifes "day" in the phrase "a wet day."

The amendment is similiar to the statement:
	A wet day, being annoying, the right of the people to keep
	and wear boots, shall not be infringed.
So how does a dry day pertain the right to use boots?  Similiar,
what does the "unorganized militia" have to due with the right to
own guns?

-> The sentence [in the Second Amendment] doesn't restrict the right, or
-> state or imply possession of the right by anyone or anything other
-> than the people.  All it does is make a positive statement regarding a
-> right of the people. The PEOPLE, as in you and me, as in the First,
-> Fourth, Ninth, Tenth, as well as the Second amendment.
-> The existence of this right is assumed - it is not granted by the
-> amendment. There is no stated or implied condition relating the right
-> to bear arms to the necessity of a well-regulated militia to the security of
-> In other words, the entire sentence says that the right to keep and
-> bear arms is UNCONDITIONAL.

No not, unconditional, but "shall not be infringed".  Infringed
is defined as:
	To break or ignore the terms of or obligations (an oath, 
	an agreement, law, or the like); to disreguard; violate.
	To go beyond the boundaries or limits; tresspass; encroach.
This definition implies the following of some form of existing 
agreement.  Laws and agreements are made in advance.  Boundaries 
or limits of behavior are set by society as a whole.  The word 
"unconditional" implies no agreements or all previous agreements 
are off, which is the opposite.

The words used in the first amendment are much stronger, i.e.,
"congress shall make no law," are much stronger.  They clearly 
	         ^^^^^^^^^^^
imply "unconditional."  If the writers of the amendment, wanted 
unconditional whay didn't they says, "congress shall make no 
laws pertaining the the right of the people to keep and bear arms"?
The second amendment implies a sort contract between the people
the people and the state.  The bigger part of the contract is
the people have the right to overthrew the government and its laws
at any time.  To guarantee this right, the laws cannot stopped
the people from forming a "well regutaled militia."  The duties
of a "well regulated militia" to the government are descussed in 
Federalist No. 29.  And the limits of of the governmental control
of the militia are descussed in Article I Section 8, Article II 
Section 2, and the Second Amendment of the constitution.

-- 
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
|                             |  "If only it were a modern document, with a   |
| John Lawrence Rutledge      | smart index and hyper links stretching all    |
| Research Assistant          | through the world data net.  It was terribly  |
|                             | frustrating to flip back and forth between    |
| Interactive Media Group     | the pages and crude flat illustrations that   |
| Computer Science Department | never even moved.  Nor were there animated    |
| UMass - Lowell              | arrows or zoom-ins.  It completely lacked a   |
| 1 University Ave.           | for sound.                                    |
| Lowell, MA 01854            |  "Most baffling of all was the problem of new |
|                             | words...  In normal text you'd only have to   |
| (508) 934-3568              | touch an unfamiliar word and the definition   |
| jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu     | would pop up just below."                     |
|                             |                    from David Brin's "Earth"  |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54164
From: jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge)
Subject: Re: "militia" (incredibly long)

In article <1qna9m$nq8@transfer.stratus.com>, cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
-> In article <C5L0n2.5LL@ulowell.ulowell.edu>, jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) writes:
-> > But, do you knew how much organization is required to training a large
-> > group of poeple twice a year.  Just to try to get the same people
-> > every year, provide a basic training to new people so they can
-> > be integrated into the force, and find a suitable location, it 
-> > requires a continually standing committee of organizers.  
-> 
-> Again, my response is, "so what?"  Is Mr. Rutledge arguing that since
-> the local and federal governments have abandoned their charter to support
-> such activity, and passed laws prohibiting private organizations from 
-> doing so, that they have eliminated the basis for the RKBA?   On the
-> contrary, to anyone who understands the game, they have strengthened it.

No, I originally argued that the Second Amendment was "a little bit
and an anachronism."  These prohibiting laws are examples why the are
an anachronism.  After all, laws in made by representatives of the 
people.  These representatives of the people have already decided
that the Second Amendment does not apply or is too broad in some
cases.  Since these representatives feel an unconditional 
interpretation is not wanted, then it is probable that they majority
of the people feel the same way.  If this is so, it is an example
of the people using their power of government.  If this is not
how the people feel, the people should stand up and state their wishes.
 
> Mox nix, Mr. Rutledge.  YOU are the only one here claiming that the
-> RKBA is dependent on the existence of a top-flight, well-regulated
-> militia.  Why this is a false assumption has already been posted a 
-> number of times.  

No, I simple stated that the people have a right to "join a well
organized militia."  And I have also stated that a militia that
meets once or twice a year is clearly "well organized."  And this
state of readiness that I have claimed the people have a "right"
to, is the same state of readiness expected of the militia as stated
by Hamilton. 


-- 
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
|                             |  "If only it were a modern document, with a   |
| John Lawrence Rutledge      | smart index and hyper links stretching all    |
| Research Assistant          | through the world data net.  It was terribly  |
|                             | frustrating to flip back and forth between    |
| Interactive Media Group     | the pages and crude flat illustrations that   |
| Computer Science Department | never even moved.  Nor were there animated    |
| UMass - Lowell              | arrows or zoom-ins.  It completely lacked a   |
| 1 University Ave.           | for sound.                                    |
| Lowell, MA 01854            |  "Most baffling of all was the problem of new |
|                             | words...  In normal text you'd only have to   |
| (508) 934-3568              | touch an unfamiliar word and the definition   |
| jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu     | would pop up just below."                     |
|                             |                    from David Brin's "Earth"  |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54165
From: donb@netcom.com (Don Baldwin)
Subject: Re: FYI - BATF reply on Waco

In article <C5L480.K7u@elite.intel.com> dgw@elite.intel.com (Dennis Willson) 
writes:
>On March 8, I sent strongly worded letters critisizing the BATF in
>their handling of the Randy Weaver and Branch Davidian cases to 
>several politicians (Ore. Senators Bob Packwood and Mark Hatfield,
>Representative Elizabeth Furse and Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen).
>While I have never been a supporter of Bob Packwood, I must admit
>that he seems to be the only one who has done anything but round-file
>my letter.

Well, I didn't bother writing to Boxer, Feinstein or Eshoo, the terrible
trio who allegly represent me.  Instead, I wrote to Bentsen.  My letter
was not exactly strongly-worded; I simply stated that the BATF approach
was immoral (military-style assault, firing into a house where they knew
there were kids).

Aparently, Bentsen forwarded my letter to the BATF and they responded to 
me directly.  It follows the text of your reply pretty closely.  However,
I intend to send another letter directly to them, in return.

>Prior to the service of the Federal search warrant, numerous efforts
>were made to locate and effect the arrest of David Koresh away from the
>compound.  These efforts were unsuccessful.  Even if David Koresh had
>been arrested while away from the compound, action would have been
>required against his followers (who are just as violent as he) during
>the subsequent search of the premises.

This section is not in the letter that I received.  The parts about ATF
logo and steenking badges or their loss of the element of surprise
were not included, either.

>                          Sincerely yours,
>
>                          Daniel M. H??l??tt  [can't make out signature]
>                          Deputy Director

The same guy with the bad handwriting apparently signed my letter, "for
Richard L. Garner; Chief, Special Operations Division".

      don




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54166
From: bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler)
Subject: Re: Non-lethal alternatives to handguns?

/ iftccu:talk.politics.guns / steiner@jupiter.ca.boeing.com / 12:07 am  Apr 15, 1993 /
>douglas craig holland (holland@CS.ColoState.EDU) writes:
>[...lostsa' crap deleted. trim your articles!...]
>
>> What about guns with non-lethal bullets, like rubber or plastic 
>> bullets. Would those work very well in stopping an attack?
>
>last i heard, "non-lethal" was a bit of a misnomer for these things.

Also, you need to consider our legal system.  Since any of these things
CAN be lethal, you are going to have a hard time explaining why you applied 
lethal force when you DIDN'T think it was necessary.  (If you thought lethal
force was necessary, you wouldn't be using rubber bullets, would you?) Ouch.  
If you are justified in shooting them at all, you are justified in using 
the best self defense ammunition you can get your hands on.  It might actually
IMPROVE the legal outcome.

This is why hollow points hold up in court.  They are safer for you, safer
for innocent by standers, (don't as a rule go through the perp) and actually
safer for the perp.  If you are using military hard ball, you may have to 
shoot him 'MANY' times, where one or two hollow points might stop him and 
do the job.  As a rule, the fewer wound channels, the better the chance 
for his surviving the incident.

Rick

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54167
From: bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler)
Subject: Re: Gun Lovers (was Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card)

>Hell, a Glock is the last thing that should be switched to.  The only thing
>that I know about a Glock is the lack of a real safety on it.  Sure there is
>that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety.

You're getting warmer.  The 'little thing in the trigger' has to be
depressed before the trigger can move.  What this means is the damned
thing won't go off until the trigger is pulled.  This makes it just
about (there HAVE been some problems, but we're assuming the gun is
functioning correctly..) as safe as a revolver.  The gun when working
correctly is totally drop safe.

Now, in police work this is a consideration.  There is not a single
documented case I'm aware of where a police officer was killed because
he failed to operate the safety on his firearm.  There are quite a few
documented cases where criminals got hold of the cops gun and couldn't
figure out how to get the safety off in time to use the gun, thus the
proprietary nature of the safety (to the criminal at least) very likely
prevented the office from getting shot.

The purpose of a safety is to make the gun safe from unintentional fire.
This does not mean it should be so complicated as to slow down
intentional use!  Thus the Glock safety is perfectly adequate from a
'safety' standpoint, but not necessarily the most desirable from the
standpoint of open carry where it is easily grabbed by somebody else.
By this criteria it DOES make a lot of sense as a concealed carry piece.
From the standpoint of police use, it is no better (or worse) than a
revolver as far as being 'proprietary' to the officer in the method of
firing it.

The ideal solution may someday be biometric sensing of the user so that
the firearm can't be used by anybody but it's owner, but for now the
wide variety of safety systems helps, unless the criminal happens to be
familiar with that particular type of firearm.

Rick.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54168
From: bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler)
Subject: Re: Gun Lovers (was Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card)

/ iftccu:talk.politics.guns / vincent@cad.gatech.edu (Vincent Fox) / 10:34 am  Apr 14, 1993 /

This isn't rec.guns, so maybe this is getting a bet technical, but I
can't resist....

> - A revolver also has the advantage that if it misfires you just pull
>   the trigger again.

Sometimes.....  Depends on WHY it misfired....

> - A double-action revolver (almost all of them) can be hand-cocked first,
>   but will fire merely by pulling the trigger.

I can't imagine doing much combat type shooting single action.....

> - A misfire in a revolver merely means you must pull the trigger again
>   to rotate to the next round.

Assuming the cylinder WILL rotate....

> - A revolver can be carried with the 6th chamber empty and under the
>   hammer for maximum safety, but still can be drawn and fired with an
>   easy motion, even one handed.

Never hurts to err on the side of safety, but if you've got one of those
'new fangled' hammer blocks or transfer bar safeties, it's unnecessarily
redundant.  I'd rather have the extra round.

> - Speedloaders for a revolver allow reloads almost as fast as magazines
>   on semi-autos. Can be faster depending on users.

Quite true.  Speed loaders are a little less convenient to pack around
than magazines though.

> - A misfire in a semi-auto will require you to clear a jammed shell
>   first, time spent which can be fatal. And a vital second or so is often
>   lost as you realize "hey, it's jammed!" before starting to do anything
>   about clearing it.

True, but this is a training function.

> - Most semi-autos must have the slide worked to chamber the first round
>   and cock the hammer. Some police carry their semi-autos with the
>   chamber loaded and hammer cocked, but a safety engaged. I do not consider
>   this safe however. You must trade-off safety to get the same speed
>   of employment as a revolver.

Cocked and locked for single actions or hammer down on double actions
are the only carry modes that make sense...  The 80 series Colt's for
example are quite safe to carry this way.

> - There are some double-action semi-autos out there, but the complexity of
>   operation of many of them requires more training.

Agreed.

Now that I've shot off my mouth a bit, let me back some of this up.  It
is true that a simple misfire on a revolver doesn't cost you much.  On
the other hand, I've had all sorts of interesting things happen over the
years.  For example, I've had FACTORY ammunition that has had high
primers.  A high primer will tie your revolver up somewhere from seconds
to minutes while you try to pound the action open to clear the problem.
An auto?  Jack the slide and continue.

I've had bullets come out of the case, keeping the cylinder from
turning, see clearing paragraph above.  About the WORST that can happen
with a semi auto is a double feed.  This can be cleared in seconds.

Most revolvers are more 'fragile' then semi auto's.  There are all sorts
of close tolerance parts and fitting involved.  Dropping the gun, or a
blow to the gun or all sorts of things can take it out of action.  Many
of the problems that can be cured on the spot with a (quality) semi auto
take a gun smith for a revolver.  In short a revolver MAY be less likely
to malfunction, but as a rule when it does, you're out of the fight.
The majority of malfunctions that occur with semi autos does not fall
into that category.

Vincint makes many good points in this post, but leaves off the opposing
view of most of them.  A real good starting place is Ayoob's "The Semi
Auto Pistol for Police and Self Defense."

In general, I'd agree, the revolver is an excellent first gun and self
defense weapon for somebody that does not have the time, and inclination
that is necessary for the training and practice needed to use a semi
auto effectively as a self defense arm.

Most cops are notoriously indifferent to firearms.  If the department
isn't going to train them, they aren't going to take the time on their
own.  There is no doubt that training is an issue.  The amount of
training required for effective use of a semi auto is probably several
times that of a revolver.  Many cops don't bother.

For myself, I'd hate to be limited to one or the other.  I'd rather pick
what fits better with my personal inclination, what I'm wearing that day
and so on.  Like the Moderator on rec.guns says, buy em all!

That said, I have to admit that often my advice to people thinking of
buying their first defense arm is (right after taking a class) get a
Ruger or Smith revolver....  (Sorry Colt fans.  Colt revolvers are ok
too!)

If this post had gone the other way, I'd be arguing for revolvers. :-)

Rick.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54169
From: bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler)
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

/ iftccu:talk.politics.guns / jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu /  6:26 am  Apr 14, 1993 /

>	The vast majority get through life without ever having to
>	own, use or display a firearm.


I suppose that depends on how you define 'vast' majority....

You are correct about 'majority.'  Somewhere between 1 out of three and 
one out of 10 will at some period in their lives experience a violent 
assault.  The risk is generally higher than emergency medical problems
like heart attack and stroke.

'Vast' is probably too loose a term.  With approximately 1,000,000 Americans
using firearms each year, over a 30 year period we get (roughly, since some
may have to do this more than once) 30 MILLION Americans with experience in 
using firearms for self defense.  30/250 yields 12 percent of the population.
(Yes, I know that is a REAL rough estimate.  We're closer to 270 million now, 
but many of these are minors and should be included etc, thus the percentage
if anything is low.)

At any rate, most minority groups in this range are not usually referred 
to as 'tiny' minorities, so I don't see how the other part of the group 
can be referred to as the 'vast' majority.  A little more work might 
support a 'simple' majority of Americans never use, own or display a firearm.

Certainly when you are talking about OWNERSHIP you are wrong.  Nearly half
of your fellow citizens own one or more firearms.  

>	                               Besides, there are other
>	means of self-protection which can be just as effective
>	as firearms. 

Please provide a list of other means that are as effective.  Then you might 
convince your local police departments to switch.  Good luck.

Rick.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54170
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

In article <0096B294.AAD9C1E0@uinpla.npl.uiuc.edu> reimer@uinpla.npl.uiuc.edu  
(Paul E. Reimer) writes:
> In article <1qkftjINNoij@cronkite.cisco.com>, pitargue@cisco.com (Marciano  
Pitargue) writes:
> 
> [stuff deleted about causes of people in ER]
> 
> >and your factoid about shooting victims in the ER.  count how many come in
> >due to automobile accidents and automobile crimes.  maybe we should outlaw
> >cars.
> >marciano pitargue@cisco.com
> 
> There are a lot of automobile accidents, but atleast there is some
> regulation to try to combat this.  

Such as?  Drunk drivers get back on the road in no time, to kill again.  Seems  
the driver's license process does not work for this.

> When I got my drivers license, I HAD
> to take a drivers safety class.  

Because you wanted one while you were underage.

> I HAVE to be licensed to drive.  

Only on public roads.

> My car
> MUST be registered.  

Only if it is to be driven on public roads, other than between segments of my  
property.

> I MUST (at least where I live) have liability
> insurance on both myself driving and my car (if someone else had an
> accident with it).  

Only on public roads.

> Hmm, wouldn't manditory saftey classes, registration
> of both the owner and gun, and manditory liability insurance be nice for
> gun owners.

Perhaps, if it gave them permission to shoot in public roads and parks. :-)

> 
> Paul Reimer
> reimer@uinpluxa.npl.uiuc.edu

Jim

--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54172
From: jfs@cco.caltech.edu (Johanes F. Swenberg)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my....

In article <1993Apr16.194708.13273@vax.oxford.ac.uk> jaj@vax.oxford.ac.uk writes:
>What all you turkey pro-pistol and automatic weapons fanatics don't seem to
>realize is that the rest of us *laugh* at you. You don't make me angry, you
>just make me chuckle -

Steve,
     It's nice that you find me laughable but I don't quite
understand.  Is it because you think my firearms clash with
what I'm wearing, or that my NRA sticker isn't on straight?
Please state your judgement! 
     I find it sad that people won't accept the responsibility
to defend themselves.  And I laugh with the same contempt you
have for me at the sheep who expect the government to protect
them.

>What he didn't realize was that we took a photo of the back of his truck, and
>showed it to our friends when we got back to Vancouver,  Canada (where I'm from
>originally). People were guffawing at the basic stupidity of such a
>sticker, and the even greater stupidity of the person who put it there in the
>first place! :)

You and your friends sound like a bunch of smug intellectuals.

>Now that I live in Britain, I can see how the rest of the civilized world
>perceives you gun-nut morons. 

Oh,   I guess you are.  I'm still waiting for you all-knowing
academic-likes to solve the worlds problems.  Let us know when
you have the answers or punch lines as this case may be.

>The only problem is that Canada, I hear, is suffering from your national
>eccentricity, in that easy to purchase weapons are being smuggled cross the
>border.

So it's not a "Yankee" thing?
Are Canadians actually as uncivilized as we Americans?

>Hell, here in Britain, the cops don't even carry guns. 

Well if it's anything like here it wouldn't matter if they
did; they wouldn't be able to use them.

>Hell, as I recall, in People's Court, even Rusty carried a gun! Never
>know, some plaintiff might go nuts. :)  )

You shouldn't waste your time watching TV, Steve. It will corrupt
your mind.

>
>Anyway, all you gun nut Rush Limbaugh fans, please *keep* up your diatribes
>against Brady and other  evil "Liberal media" plots  - you 're so damn funny!
>You provide endless amounts of entertainment in your arguments and examples of
>why someone should be allowed to carry a piece! Keep us all chuckling!

Ditto to you, Self Righteous One.
Lay your derogatory tirade on thick, Steve.  Y'all can keep laughing and
I'll keep feeling safe and secure.

>
>Steve


Johanes 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54173
From: cathy@LANCE.ColoState.Edu (Cathy Smith)
Subject: Reminder -- Denver Rally Tomorrow

*****************************************************************
*                                                               *
*                        MONSTER RALLY!!                        *
*          ==  For the Right to Own and Carry Weapons ==        *
*                                                               *
*    TOMORROW, Sunday, April 18, 1993, from 1:00 to 3:30 p.m.,  *
*       the Denver LIBERTARIAN PARTY will sponsor a rally       *
*              AT THE STATE CAPITOL in support of               *
*         the individual right to own and carry weapons.        *
*                                                               *
* Speakers will include former Colorado deputy attorney general *
*  DAVID KOPEL, radio host KEN HAMBLIN, DLP Chair DAVID SEGAL,  *
* pistol instructor LENDA JACKSON, and novelist L. NEIL SMITH.  *
*                                                               *
* Your presence and participation are highly welcome.  For more *
*       information call David Segal at (303) 296-4059.         *
*                                                               *
*****************************************************************

Cathy Smith

My opinions are, of course, my own.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54174
From: VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: "militia" (incredibly long)

In article <C5n0vy.EJ6@ulowell.ulowell.edu> jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) writes:

>In article <1qna9m$nq8@transfer.stratus.com>, cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>-> 
>-> Again, my response is, "so what?"  Is Mr. Rutledge arguing that since
>-> the local and federal governments have abandoned their charter to support
>-> such activity, and passed laws prohibiting private organizations from 
>-> doing so, that they have eliminated the basis for the RKBA?   On the
>-> contrary, to anyone who understands the game, they have strengthened it.
>
>No, I originally argued that the Second Amendment was "a little bit
>and an anachronism."  These prohibiting laws are examples why the are
>an anachronism.  After all, laws in made by representatives of the 
>people.  These representatives of the people have already decided
>that the Second Amendment does not apply or is too broad in some
>cases.  Since these representatives feel an unconditional 
>interpretation is not wanted, then it is probable that they majority
>of the people feel the same way.  If this is so, it is an example
>of the people using their power of government.  If this is not
>how the people feel, the people should stand up and state their wishes.

       I'll point out that the whole point of the difficult amendment
process was to require a super-majority to change the Supreme Law,
making it impossible for a "majority" of the people to simply change
the law on a whim.  Simply changing the meaning based on "the
representatives" of the people effectively destroys the amendment
process.  The State's, you know, are also entitled to a say under
that process.
 
>> Mox nix, Mr. Rutledge.  YOU are the only one here claiming that the
>-> RKBA is dependent on the existence of a top-flight, well-regulated
>-> militia.  Why this is a false assumption has already been posted a 
>-> number of times.  
>
>No, I simple stated that the people have a right to "join a well
>organized militia." 

       I'll note that that right could be considered protected under
the first amendment's protection of peaceful assembly.  Unless
you would consider a militia inherently non-peaceful, then they've
stated the same thing twice.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54175
From: VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my....

In article <1993Apr16.194708.13273@vax.oxford.ac.uk> jaj@vax.oxford.ac.uk writes:

>What all you turkey pro-pistol and automatic weapons fanatics don't seem to
>realize is that the rest of us *laugh* at you. You don't make me angry, you
>just make me chuckle 

       That's nice.  We strive for entertainment value.  :-)     

>- I remeber being in Bellingham, Washington and seeing a
>pick-up truck in front of the car that my friend and I were in. It had a bumper
>sticker proclaiming "Gun Control is a firm grip on a .45." Now I'm sure that
>that wanker thought he was pretty cool.
>What he didn't realize was that we took a photo of the back of his truck, and
>showed it to our friends when we got back to Vancouver,  Canada (where I'm from
>originally). People were guffawing at the basic stupidity of such a
>sticker, and the even greater stupidity of the person who put it there in the
>first place! :)

       In the first place, you have to realize the feeling goes both
ways.  Canadians laugh at the U.S., and Americans simply shrug and
woner why the hell we let them be a State in the first place.  ;-)       

>I knew somebody else who went to one of your "Gun-mart" superstore places, just
>so he could experience the sight of people putting guns and ammo into shopping
>carts! I didn't believe it myself until I drove by one in Vegas last year!!!

       Interesting strategy, posting here with complaints about
people elsewhere.

>Now that I live in Britain, I can see how the rest of the civilized world
>perceives you gun-nut morons. 

        Courtesy is apparently a dead commodity in the rest of the
civilized world.  "Gun nut morons," indeed.        

>The BBC recently referred to the American 
>penchant for pistols, automatic weapons,etc.  very  appropriately - it was
>called a "national eccentricity."

        We've got guns, they've got a monarch and an economy on the verg
of collapse.  Finger pointing across the Atlanticis a waste or time.

>The only problem is that Canada, I hear, is suffering from your national
>eccentricity, in that easy to purchase weapons are being smuggled cross the
>border.

       Canada has been blaming the U.S. for their problems for years.
The simple fact of the matter is this:  Ten years ago they crowed about
how great their system was because they'd gotten rid of the guns and
the U.S. would be so much better if they'd just get into the divine light
shining from the North.  We pointed out that it was cultural differences,
and pointed to their pre-control crime rates.  We also pointed out that
the history of the entire world contained smuggling, and that whenever
something was wanted, it was smuggled in.
       If the problem were based on U.S. guns, it would have surfaced
years before.

       Now more Canadian criminals want guns.  And they are being provided.
Canada has its own version of the drug problem.  Yet drugs are prohibited
in the U.S.

>Hell, here in Britain, the cops don't even carry guns. (That's another funny
>thing - you see a US border guard, and he's got his .45 or .38 on his belt,
>with tons o' spare ammo - never know, maybe some canadian shopper might get out
>of hand. Hell, as I recall, in People's Court, even Rusty carried a gun! Never
>know, some plaintiff might go nuts. :)  )

       Saw a news report out of Britain that armed crime is on the rise,
and several police agencies are considering have permanent "firearms
officers" to deal with it.

       According to U.S. News & World Report, British handgun deaths have
risen over 250% over the past twelve years.  The U.S. number has dropped
5%.

       Maybe they're smuggling them across the U.S./U.K. border.  Yeah,
that's the ticket.

>CYA!

       Have a nice day, Steve.  Learn a little common courtesy and
politeness.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54176
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

In article <0096B294.AAD9C1E0@uinpla.npl.uiuc.edu> reimer@uinpla.npl.uiuc.edu (Paul E. Reimer) writes:

>In article <1qkftjINNoij@cronkite.cisco.com>, pitargue@cisco.com (Marciano Pitargue) writes:
>
>[stuff deleted about causes of people in ER]
>
>>and your factoid about shooting victims in the ER.  count how many come in
>>due to automobile accidents and automobile crimes.  maybe we should outlaw
>>cars.
>>marciano pitargue@cisco.com
>
>There are a lot of automobile accidents, but atleast there is some
>regulation to try to combat this.  When I got my drivers license, I HAD
>to take a drivers safety class.  

      Tennessee, at least, does not require any sort of safety class to
get a driver's license.  All that is required is one twenty question
quiz and to drive a car around the block without crashing.

>I HAVE to be licensed to drive.  

      In all probability, no you don't.  You are required to be licensed
to drive on public roads.  A license is not necessary on private property.

>My car
>MUST be registered.  

       Most states do not require the registration of cars that are
not used on public roads.  Those that do (California I know of) do
so for tax purposes more than anything else.
    
>I MUST (at least where I live) have liability
>insurance on both myself driving and my car (if someone else had an
>accident with it).  

       Many states do not currently require this, and most, again,
only make this requirement for public roads.  A car sitting unused 
is not required to have insurance.

>Hmm, wouldn't manditory saftey classes, registration
>of both the owner and gun, and manditory liability insurance be nice for
>gun owners.

       The two are not the same, as I pointed out above.  There are
significant difference between making rules for *use on public property*
and *making rules for ownership*.

       The other half of the objection is trust.  Similar things to this
have been tried in many local jurisdications across the country, and
have been abused in far too many cases.   Safety classes which are
never sheduled, never funded, or only one or two is held a year for
a limited number of participants.  Registration lists in New York,
Chicago, and California have been used for confiscation.  *Many* gun
owners would, in theory, support these planes.  (Although the
numbers overwhelmingly show that competence is not the problem, that
intentional misuse is).  They've simply seen it abused and are leery of
the next person who comes down the pike with a "reasonable" suggestion
they've already seen abused.




------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54177
From: bixledn@eng.auburn.edu (David N. Bixler)
Subject: Re: criminals & machineguns

   There's only one way I know of to tell an AR-15 from an M-16.
   Pick it up, hold it about a foot from your face and look closely
   at the saftey lever.  If it has two positions, its an AR-15, if
   it has three, its an M-16.  There are numerous internal differences
   as well, but since one would have to field strip the weapon to see
   them, they are not valid in this discussion.  So, in conclusion,
   there is very little external differences to distinguish an AR-15
   from an M-16 except at close (very close) range.

   David Bixler
   Auburn University

   All standard disclaimers apply.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54178
From: joan@koala.berkeley.edu ()
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

In article <C5Lrpq.50o@idacom.hp.com> guy@idacom.hp.com (Guy M. Trotter) writes:
>
>Hi,
>
>In Canada, any gun that enters a National Park must be sealed (I think it's a
>small metal tag that's placed over the trigger).  The net result of this is
>that you _can't_ use a gun to protect yourself from bears (or psychos) in the
>National Parks.  Instead, one has to be sensitive to the dangers and annoyances
>of hiking in bear country, and take the appropriate precautions.
>
>I think this policy makes the users of the National Parks feel a little closer
>to Nature, that they are a part of Nature and, as such, have to deal with
>nature on it's own terms.
>
>Guy

Hello,

	I understand this philosophy.  The bears are a national
treasure, the area is their sanctuary and people who enter it
do so at their own risk.  It is better that that rare human be
killed by a bear than that bears be provoked or shot by unbear-savvy
visitors.  The bears aren't having a population explosion, humans
are so it is better that a human be killed than endanger the bears.
I don't agree with this philosopy, but I understand it.

	The psychos are a bit different.  They are not a national
treasure but I suppose the decision has been made that to "allow"
provision for defense against them would also "allow" provision
for defense against bears.  Again, I suppose it has been decided
that it is better for the rare human to be killed by a psycho than
to take a chance on threatening the bears.

	Personally, I wouldn't go into an area where I would be
"managed" so as to reduce my safety ..... but ... come to think
of it I guess I live in a managed wilderness myself :-)

Joan V  



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54179
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1993Apr16.010235.14225@mtu.edu> cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter) writes:
<In article <C5Bu9M.2K7@ulowell.ulowell.edu>
<jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) wrote:
<
<> [ ... excellent exchange deleted ... ]
<> It seems to me the whole reason for the Second Amendment, to give
<> the people protection from the US government by guaranteeing that the
<> people can over through the government if necessary, is a little bit
<> of an anachronism is this day and age.  Maybe its time to re-think
<> how this should be done and amend the constitution appropriately.
<
<    Abraham Lincoln, First Inaugural Address, March 4, 1861: "This
<    country, with its institutions, belongs to the people who inhabit
<    it.  Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing government,
<    they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it, or
<    their revolutionary right to dismember it or overthrow it."
<
<    Rep. Elbridge Gerry of Massachusetts, spoken during floor debate
<    over the Second Amendment, I Annals of Congress at 750, 17 August
<    1789: "What, Sir, is the use of a militia?  It is to prevent the
<    establishment of a standing army, the bane of liberty. ...
<    Whenever Governments mean to invade the rights and liberties of
<    the people, they always attempt to destroy the militia, in order
<    to raise an army upon their ruins."
<
<So now we know which category Mr. Rutledge is in; He means to destroy
<our Liberties and Rights.

What I find so hard to understand is how come some people, apparantly
NOT connected with government or otherwise privileged, will
go to great lengths, redefinitions, re-interpretations, in a full-bore
attempt to THROW AWAY THE PROTECTION OF THEIR OWN RIGHTS under the
Constitution!!!

Almost makes me think of lemmings running into the sea during a lemming
year...

I really wonder that Jefferson and Madison would say to these folks?

<-------------------------------------------------------------
<"...when all government... in little as in great things, shall be
<drawn to Washington as the centre of all power, it will render
<powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will
<become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we
<separated."   Thomas Jefferson, 1821

Excellent quote.

-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54180
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

In article <1qpavfINN2jp@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:
:In article <0096B294.AAD9C1E0@uinpla.npl.uiuc.edu> reimer@uinpla.npl.uiuc.edu  
:(Paul E. Reimer) writes:
:> In article <1qkftjINNoij@cronkite.cisco.com>, pitargue@cisco.com (Marciano  
:Pitargue) writes:
:> 
:> [stuff deleted about causes of people in ER]
:> 
:> >due to automobile accidents and automobile crimes.  maybe we should outlaw
:> >cars.
:> There are a lot of automobile accidents, but atleast there is some
:> regulation to try to combat this.  
:
:Such as?  Drunk drivers get back on the road in no time, to kill again.  Seems  
:the driver's license process does not work for this.
:
I can testify to this. My cousin spent a few weeks in the hospital, and his
friend was killed, because of a drunk driver.  The son-of-a-b**** is back on 
the streets... Officers from the scene are still p***ed about that one.

:> to take a drivers safety class.  
:
:Because you wanted one while you were underage.
:
:> I HAVE to be licensed to drive.  
:
:Only on public roads.
:
:> My car
:> MUST be registered.  
:
:Only if it is to be driven on public roads, other than between segments of my  
:property.
:
:> I MUST (at least where I live) have liability
:> insurance on both myself driving and my car (if someone else had an
:> accident with it).  
:
:Only on public roads.
And this obviously doesn't always work, else why would they offer uninsured 
motorist coverage?
:
:> Hmm, wouldn't manditory saftey classes, registration
:> of both the owner and gun, and manditory liability insurance be nice for
:> gun owners.
I object to mandatory registration because I don't trust my government not to
use any information I give them for their own purposes.  I am licensed to
carry a concealed pistol in my home state, but they never asked whether I 
actually owned a firearm.  A safety class before issuing a permit to carry is
reasonably, provided such classes are regularly available to the public.  Of
course, most places would consider my time in the reserves and on a competition
rifle team to count.  
:
:Perhaps, if it gave them permission to shoot in public roads and parks. :-)
Hey, now that's an idea :)
:
:> Paul Reimer
:
:Jim

Now, unless you have an agenda against private ownership of firearms, why would
you want to harass the person trying to legally defend themselves or exercise 
their rights? (I know, defending oneself/family/whoever IS a right... at least
as far as my 9mm and I are concerned... ) (Also as far as the State of Alabama
seems to be concerned)  Why don't you push for stricter prosecution of those
who use firearms in the commission of a crime?  I've already pointed out how
we aren't nailing DUI's hard enough...  Comparing the US with other countries
seldom works, but the European attitude towards alchohol and DUI seems to work..
Their attitude towards weapons isn't really a valid comparison because they've
historically done their best to keep the populace disarmed and submissive,
while our country was founded by a bunch of rugged individualists who told the
European monarchies (for the most part) to take a flying leap (used more polite
language though).  We even weaseled out of our first international treaty, and
then convinced the French that it was in their best interests not to complain..
But first we had to overcome the fact that the Brits were doing their best to 
restrict us to squirrel guns and such, so we'd be properly submissive while
they forced us to pay for their wars.  Of course, most American history classes
these days tend to gloss over facts that do not fit the image they wish to 
convey... I'm glad my Amer. Hist. teacher was a Libertarian who had us review
a good portion of the Federalist Papers, and debate their origins and meanings.

enough rambling,

James


-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54181
From: jim.wray@yob.sccsi.com (Jim Wray)
Subject: CNN for sale


W.K. Gorman:

<3>> Maybe now's the time for us, the NRA, GOA, CCRTKBA, SAF, et al to band
<3>> together and buy CNN as *our* voice. Wouldn't that be sumpin....broadcast
<3>> the truth for a change and be able to air a favorable pro-gun item or two..

<3>I would like to see this happen. I don't think it will. I don't
<3>think the average gun-owner will take any notice of what is happening
<3>until they break down HIS door.

<3>BUT I will go on record publicly to the effect that I will contribute a
<3>minimum of $1,000.00 to the buy-out fund if it can be organized and made
<3>viable. Anybody else want to put their money where their mouth is?  :)
<3>There ar 50+ MILLION gun owners out there. If - and it's a big and
<3>not very realistic if - we got hold of CNN, the anti-gun bullshit would
<3>STOP RIGHT THERE. Why won't it happen - because nobody will get off their
<3>ass and MAKE it happen. Nuts.

Any NRA headquarters weenies listening to this man. Any RTKBA organization
honcho listening. It's time to stop fighting the Brady's and the Schumer's
(now there's an interesting meaning to the acronynm BS) from the comfort
of the office....we had better get serious with our time and money and get
after it or we might just as well pack it in now.
---
 . OLX 2.2 . Gun control advocates must have had a sanity by-pass!
                                           
----
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Ye Olde Bailey BBS   713-520-1569 (V.32bis) 713-520-9566 (V.32bis)     |
|   Houston,Texas          yob.sccsi.com       Home of alt.cosuard       |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54182
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Carrying Arms

In article <1993Apr5.220457.6800@spdc.ti.com> dwhite@epcot.spdc.ti.com (Dan White) writes:
>	I have a question about the second amendment that has bothered
>me for awhile.  The amendment guarentees our "right to keep and bear
>arms." Currently, the gun prohibitionists are trying to restrict or
>eliminate our right to keep arms with the Brady Bill and the assault
>weapon ban.  However, haven't we already lost our right to bear arms?

>	It seems that in most states, like Texas, a citizen may own a
>gun and carry while at his home or business.  But a citizen is severely
>restricted from bearing outside these areas.  Here in Texas you cannot
>carry in your car except when "traveling" which is usually defined as
>"traveling across a county line."  How did this come about?  Are there
>any court rulings on the legality of restricting the carrying of a
>weapon outside the home?  

There are, but not any that would help Texans: In many states,
such laws have been found to violate the state constitution. 
But the federal Second Amendment does not apply directly to the
states. It was written to limit the federal government only. 
The Fourteenth Amendment was written to extend the restrictions
of the Bill of Rights to the state level. However, the exact
wording of the Fourteenth Amendment is very vague. The Supreme
Court has been dancing around the issue without facing it
directly for over 100 years. In practice, the Bill of Right
(indirectly applies through the Fourteenth) applies to the
state governments only if the Supreme Court has ruled that 
particular provision. The Court has made no such rulings on
the Second Amendment.

                                                 Frank Crary
                                                 CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54183
From: donb@netcom.com (Don Baldwin)
Subject: Re: 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD - GOOD !

In article <1993Apr18.001319.2340@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu 
writes:
>The bulk of firarems are used against unworthy and unnesessary
>opponents ... those who posessa a cool jakcet you want, those who
>would argue with you about a parking space, those who would
>take your woman. In short, trivial and worthless causes.

That's open for debate.  Certainly, an excessive number of people are
murdered every year but people also do save innocent lives with firearms.
The media just don't tell us when it happens...

>Too much of this has ruined you cause. There is no recovery. 
>In the near future, federal martials will come for your arms.

I think there are more of us than there are federal marshalls...

>No one will help you. You are more dangerous, to their thinking,
>than the 'criminal'. This is your own fault. 

Crap.  It's simplistic thinking on the part of feather-headed dolts.

>The 2nd amendment is dead. Accept this. Find another way.

Nuts.

    don




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54184
From: donb@netcom.com (Don Baldwin)
Subject: Re: 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD - GOOD !

In article <1qrn3aINN4rq@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com 
(Jim De Arras) writes:
>> The 2nd amendment is dead. Accept this. Find another way.
>
>It ain't dead, yet.  And even if it were repealed, remember, it just protects 
>our RKBA, it does not grant any rights.  There would then have to be 
>additional laws passed to outlaw gun possession.

Even if they outlawed private posession of firearms, there would be no moral
force behind that law; I imagine compliance would be low.

    don



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54185
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my....

In article <1993Apr16.194708.13273@vax.oxford.ac.uk>
	jaj@vax.oxford.ac.uk writes:
>What all you turkey pro-pistol and automatic weapons fanatics don't
>seem to realize is that the rest of us *laugh* at you.

So what.  We think you're pretty hilarious too.

I love how you Brit's kiss royal arse.  That you're willing to throw
out freedom-of-speech for the sake of protecting the reputation of the
royal sluts.

That the British government advertised in American newspapers "Send A Gun
to Defend a British Home -- British civilians, faced with threat of
invasion, desperately need arms for the defense of their homes." during
WWII.  [American Rifleman November, 1940]

That The Obscene Publications Act and the Misuse of Drugs Act have been
used as justification for the police to seize masterpieces such as William
S. Burrough's "Junky", Hunter Thompson's "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas",
and Tom Wolfe's "The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test".  British courts have
never recognized the right to assemble or to demonstrate.

That evidence obtained form coerced confessions is allowed in a trial.

That only serious felonies warrant a trial by jury.

That suspected terrorists must prove their innocence, instead of the
government having to prove their guilt.

That the secretary of state may issue an "exclusionary order" which
bars someone from ever entering a particular part of the United Kingdom,
such as Northern Ireland or Wales.

That the BBC banned Paul McCartney's "Give Ireland Back to the Irish"
as well as John Lennon's "Give Peace a Chance" during the Gulf War.

Yes, England is very very funny.  And very pathetic.

>I knew somebody else who went to one of your "Gun-mart" superstore
>places, just so he could experience the sight of people putting guns
>and ammo into shopping carts! I didn't believe it myself until I
>drove by one in Vegas last year!!!

So what.  Laughter is a way of dealing with things we find uncomfortable.
I thought the "Las Vegas Show Girl" ads on Las Vegas street corners were
pretty funny.

Yes indeed, there are many strange and wonderous things in this country.
I wouldn't have it any other way.

>Now that I live in Britain, I can see how the rest of the civilized world
>perceives you gun-nut morons. The BBC recently referred to the American 
>penchant for pistols, automatic weapons,etc.  very  appropriately - it was
>called a "national eccentricity."

I don't disagree with that, I don't think it's bad either.

>The only problem is that Canada, I hear, is suffering from your national
>eccentricity, in that easy to purchase weapons are being smuggled cross the
>border.

So what.  If they didn't come from here they would come from elsewhere
disguised as cocaine.

>Anyway, all you gun nut Rush Limbaugh fans, please *keep* up your diatribes
>against Brady and other  evil "Liberal media" plots  - you 're so damn funny!
>You provide endless amounts of entertainment in your arguments and examples
>of why someone should be allowed to carry a piece! Keep us all chuckling!

You can laugh all you want, for us it's a matter of life or death.
I don't find that funny in the least.

As for England:

"As our allies become more open, Britain grow yet more secretive and
censorious.  Perhaps the real British vice is passivity, a willingness
to tolerate constraints which others would find unbearble." [in "Britain,
An Unfree Country" by Terrence DeQuesne and Edward Goodman, pp 33.]
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54186
From: donb@netcom.com (Don Baldwin)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

In article <1993Apr18.000152.2339@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu 
writes:
>Of those who vote, your cause is considered an abomination. No matter
>how hard you try, public opinion is set against the RKBA. 

Nope.  Here in Northern California, a newspaper recently did a survey,
asking if people favored stricter gun controls.  A full 40% said no.
Here, in one of the most Liberal (it wasn't always a swear word :( areas
of the country, nearly half the people don't want additional controls, let
alone revocation of RKBA...

>This is the end. By the finish of the Clinton administration, your
>RKBA will be null and void. Tough titty.

Misguided dolt though he may be (though, I still maintain, less dangerous
than Bush), Clinton does not publicly support revoking the second amendment.

>Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect
>them. Resistance is useless. They will overwhelm you - one at a time.
>Your neighbors will not help you. They will consider you more if an
>immediate threat than the abstract 'criminal'. 

Well, I'll help MY neighbors...

>Too fucking bad. You have gone the way of the KKK. Violent solutions
>are passe'. Avoid situations which encourage criminals. Then you will
>be as safe as possible. Such as it is ...

Violent solutions are passe'?  I take it you propose disarming the police,
then?

Please don't mention RKBA in the same breath as the KKK.  RKBA is about
being able to defend yourself and others, not about killing the innocent.
Actually, your mention of the KKK is rather funny, considering that the
first gun control law in the US were created specifically to disarm black
people...

    don




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54187
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <CMM.0.90.2.735132009.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no> Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
>Drivers licence:
>Forgot that USA is THE land of cars.....
>Getting one in Scandinavia (and northern europe) is not easy.
>Average time is about 20 hours of training, and the cost is rather......

Is the license required for driving a car exclusively on private
property, such as a farm? Here in the United States, the license
is required only for the use of public roads.

>Abuse by the goverment:
>This seems to be one of the main problems; Any harder gun-control
>would just be abused by the goverment.(!)
>Either some of you are a little paranoid (no offence...) OR you should
>get a new goverment. (You do have elections??)

We also have a nation of 250 million people, _many_ issues and
usually only two candidates for a given office. A President
might be willing to abuse mild gun control laws and create
a de-facto ban (something a majority of the people would object to)
and still be elected: The voters might look at issues like the
civil rights of minorities, health care, etc... and vote
for the "lesser of two evils." I don't think this is a matter
of paranoia, since local governments in (for example) New York
and Chicago have abused existing, mild gun control laws to 
create a virtual ban.

>Guns 'n Criminals:
>MOST weapons used by criminals today are stolen.
>Known criminals can NOT buy weapons, that's one of the points of gun control.

In which case, the United States already has adaquate gun control laws:
According to federal statistic, only 7% of gun-wielding criminals
legally purchase their own guns from licensed dealers. If that's
the point of gun control (to prevent criminals from legally purchasing
guns) then America doesn't need any additional laws to accomplish
this.

>Mixing weapons and things that can be use as one:
>What I meant was that cars CAN kill, but they are not GUNS!

How is this any different from guns? There are legal purposes for
owning and using a gun: They are appropriate tools for hunting,
target shooting and self-defence. Like cars, murder isn't
their only (or even a common) use.

>If 50% of ALL murders was done with axes, would you impose some regulations on them
>or just say that they are ment to be used at trees, and that the axe is not a problem,
>it's the 'axer' ??

I certainly couldn't imagine the American public accepting regulation
of axes. While the politics of other nations may be different,
in America there is strong opposition to any intrusive law that
primarily would effect the average, law-abiding citizen who had
not done anything wrong.

>Think about the situation in Los Angeles where people are buying guns to protect
>themselves. Is this a good situation ?? Is it the rigth way to deal with the problem ??

A good way to deal with which problem? It is an excelent way to deal 
with the short-term problem of rioting and violent attacks. Of course,
it doesn't do anything for the long-term issues that start riots. But
at this point, what can these individuals do about long-term social
problems? 

>If everybody buys guns to protect themselves from criminals (and their neighbor who have
>guns) what do you think will happen ?? (I mean if everybody had a gun in USA)

There are, according to surveys, guns in 40% of American homes.
In many parts of the country, this is closer to 100%. Those places
where almost everyone owns a gun are, on average, safer than those
where guns are less common.

>LAST WORD:
>Responsible gun owners are not a problem, but they will be affected if
>you want to protect your citicens.

This is, I think, a fundamental difference between American government
and that of other nations. Here it is not acceptable to punish
or restrict the average, law-abiding citizen in the name of some
vague "common good." 

                                                   Frank Crary
                                                   CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54188
From: VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: What to do if you shoot somebody

In article <93108.025818U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:

>I have heard many opinions on this subject and would like to hear more from
>the people on the net.
>
>Say you're in a situation where you have to pull a gun on somebody.  You
>give them a chance to get away but they decided to continue in their
>action anyway and you end up shooting and killing them.  My question is
>what do you do?  Should you stay and wait for the cops or should you
>collect your brass (if you're using a semi-auto) and get out of there
>(provided of course you don't think that you have been seen)?  

       As a data point from Tennessee, a friend of mine and a police
officer essentially recommends that if you can, fade away.  Even if
you were perfectly justified you're likely in for a great deal of 
hassle.  (A side note, carrying a gun concealed is a misdemeanor.)

>What kind
>of laws are on the books regarding this type of situation?  What would
>be the most likely thing to happen to you if you stayed and waited and
>it was a first offense?  What would happen if you took off but someone
>saw you and you were caught?

       It's one of those "by State" things, pretty much.  
------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54189
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

In article <1993Apr18.000152.2339@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>You are loosing.
>
>There is no question about it. 
>
>Of those who vote, your cause is considered an abomination. No matter
>how hard you try, public opinion is set against the RKBA. 

Not so.  Surveys have shown while the public thinks certain types
of gun control may be acceptable they do believe they have an
individual right to keep and bear arms, and that the police should
not have /discretion/ over who may and may not own firearms.

>This is the end. By the finish of the Clinton administration, your
>RKBA will be null and void.

By the end of the Clinton administration a lot of things will be
screwed up.  Hell, we'll probably be just like England.

> Tough titty.

"Tough titty" ?  My how eloquent you are.

As for your claim, I think Clinton has a big fight ahead of him if
he thinks he's going to pass some comprehensive gun legislation.
He will sign the Brady Bill if it gets to his desk.  We will do
whatever we can to either keep that from happening, or modify it
such that it is acceptable to us.

>You had better discover ways to make do without firearms.

Sorry, that's not possible.  And that's why we won't give them up
either.  Legally or illegally, American's will keep their firearms.
The number of unregistered weapons in New York City is in the millions.
There aren't even close to that number of violent criminals there.

>The number of cases of firearms abuses has ruined your cause.

If the gov't was serious about stopping violent crime they would
keep violent criminals in jail for a long long time where they
belong instead of letting them out on early release.

>There is nothing you can do about it.

Hey, we can go into politics too if we feel like it.

> Those who live by the sword shall die by it. 

I don't believe this one bit.

>The press is against you, the public (the voting public) is against
>you, the flow of history is against you ... this is it !

Snore.  Like I take advice on the RKBA from a Brit.  No way.

>Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect
>them. Resistance is useless.

You watch too much "Star Trek".  Actually, this is an understandable
attitude from a Brit; you are a subject of the state.

>They will overwhelm you - one at a time.

Not necessarily.  There are ways of resisting oppression without
getting caught by the gov't.

>Your neighbors will not help you. They will consider you more if an
>immediate threat than the abstract 'criminal'. 

The "abstract criminal" like the ones who killed a relative of mine
while she was working in a carry-out.

>Too fucking bad. You have gone the way of the KKK. Violent solutions
>are passe'.

While undesirable, they are sometimes unavoidable.  If you don't want
to resist a criminal attack by all means do nothing.  I will (a) take
my chances resisting violent attack, and (b) stand a better chance of
being unharmed than someone who does nothing.

>Avoid situations which encourage criminals. Then you will
>be as safe as possible. Such as it is ...

What a joke.  Criminals want a disarmed population.  How can you keep
criminals from preying on us after our best means of self defense is
taken away ?
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54190
From: VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD - GOOD !

In article <1993Apr18.001319.2340@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:

>Yea, there are millions of cases where yoy *say* that firearms
>'deter' criminals. Alas, this is not provable.

      Not provable.  It's about as "provable" as the number of votes
vast for Bill Clinton in the last election.  If you accept the information
available, you can prove one way or the other.  If you refuse to accept
it, nothing is "provable."

>I think that that
>there are actually *few* cases where this is so. 

      Fine, support your assertation.  But, you haven't supported
any assertations just yet.

      The National Crime Survey, that secret Arm of the NRA, estimates
between 40,000 and 50,000 with-gun self-defenses from assaults, and
is considered to considerably under-report.  When broken down by weapon,
there is no form of "self-defense" including dowing nothing which is
more effective at avoiding injury or death.

>The bulk of firarems are used against unworthy and unnesessary
>opponents ...  those who posessa a cool jakcet you want, those who
>would argue with you about a parking space, those who would
>take your woman. In short, trivial and worthless causes.

      Ok, support *this* assertation.  Hell, support *one*.

>Too much of this has ruined you cause. There is no recovery. 

      That's nice.

>In the near future, federal martials will come for your arms.

      That's nice, too.

>The 2nd amendment is dead. Accept this. Find another way.

       Why on Earth should we?  If you're correct we've nothing to
lose by continuing to argue against it and everything to gain.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54191
From: VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <CMM.0.90.2.735132009.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no> Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
>
>Abuse by the goverment:
>This seems to be one of the main problems; Any harder gun-control
>would just be abused by the goverment.(!)
>Either some of you are a little paranoid (no offence...) 

       Mr. Parsli, I have to take exception at this.  There are
verifiable, previous *examples* of levels of U.S. governments
abusing gun-control restrictions.  I don't think it is paranoid
to worry that what has been abused in the recent past might be abused
in thye future.  After so many times of getting burned any sane person
will stop putting his hand on the stove.

>OR you should
>get a new goverment. (You do have elections??)

       I'd love to.  But as long as the politicians grab power to sell
pork back to their constituents, there's not a lot I can do.  

       It's silly to suggest that if there's anything we can't trust
the government to do, and therefore the government should be allowed
to do it, then we should change governments.  Down that road lies
total government power.   I've never been a fan of totalitarianism.

>Guns 'n Criminals:
>MOST weapons used by criminals today are stolen.

       This is very likely.

>Known criminals can NOT buy weapons, that's one of the points of gun control.
>And because gun control are strict in WHOLE scandinavia (and most of europe),
>we dont have any PROBLEM with smuggled guns.

       The North American Continent is not Europe, no matter how many
people would like it to be.  Drugs are very illegal and they're
here.  For years Canada has crowed about its gun control.  If it is
necessary to control guns over the whole continent, then Canada should
have always had comparable rates to the U.S., yet they still don't.
Unless you can tell me why the Canadian border is so much more
magical than the Mexican border (which is shorter and far more
heavily patrolled) then I really can't accept that argument.

>Mixing weapons and things that can be use as one:
>What I meant was that cars CAN kill, but they are not GUNS!

       No, there are approximately 31,000 deaths due to guns in the U.S.,
two-thirds of which are suicides.  (Unfortunately I don't have suicide
rates for Norway.)  However, this makes the per-gun death rate about
half the per-car death rate.

>The issue (I hope..):
>I think we all agree that the criminals are the main problem.
>Guns are not a problem, but the way they are used is.... (and what are they for??)
>
>I think this discusion is interesting when you think of (ex)Jugoslavia:
>They should all have weapons, it's their rigth to have them, and if they use them
>to kill other (Innocent) people the problem is humans, not guns.

      The problem's been humans since before we had stone axes.  The
fct of the matter is simply this:  If nobody ever assaulted anybody,
whether there is a weapon of any sort around would be totally
irrelevent.

      Yet weapons are *built*.  I'd suggest, then, that the murderous
impulse in humanity pre-dates weapons.

      Anyway, the Bosnians et al. have been making an excellent attempt
to kill each other for half a thousand years.  Taking away their guns, even
if we could, would neither halt the killing nor reduce the brutality.

>If 50% of ALL murders was done with axes, would you impose some regulations on them
>or just say that they are ment to be used at trees, and that the axe is not a problem,
>it's the 'axer' ??
>(An example, don't flame me just because not exactly 50% are killed by guns...)


       In the U.S., approximately 60% of murders are commited with firearms.
(50% with handguns, 10% with non-handguns.)  The reason I say that guns, per 
se, are not the problem, is that our non-gun rate exceeds most of Europe's
countries *entire* violent crime rate.  I don't really think we've got
more knives or fists.  

       In any case, I think examples of gun control *applied* to the U.S.
have been abkect failures, just like drug prohibition and other forms
of prohibition.  Until you deal with *why* people are doing what they
are doing, you won't solve your problem.  And if the problem is 
violent crime, you shouldn't concentrate on the tools instead.  The
*vast* majority of guns is never, ever misused.  (On the order of
99.5% over the entire lifetime of the gun).  This says to me that
you can't make the argument that the gun itself causes the misuse.

>Think about the situation in Los Angeles where people are buying guns to protect
>themselves. Is this a good situation ?? 

       The situation is not "good" in that people fear for their lives.
But recall the scenes of the store-owners during the last riots,
protecting their shops with guns.  Would it have been better they,
too, lost their livelihoods?

>Is it the rigth way to deal with the problem ??

       The problem of poverty and rage in Los Angeles, no it isn't.
However, if that problem becomes a violent action, then yes, it can
be appropriate.  Whether or not some person has been hurt by their condition
won't make me less dead if they burn down my house with me in it.

       You have to examine which problem you're referring to.  If
you're discussing someone violently assaulting you, then it is
a perfectly legitimate response to make them stop.  (Hopefully
simply letting them know you're prepared to shoot them would be enough,
as it was with the above-mentioned store-owners.)

>If everybody buys guns to protect themselves from criminals (and their neighbor who have
>guns) what do you think will happen ?? (I mean if everybody had a gun in USA)

       45% of Households have some form of firearm, usually a long gun.
That accounts for a level of access for at least 100 million Americans.
Firearm ownership is most likely among educated, well-off whites, the
group *least* likely to be involved in violent crime.

       You may take that for what it's worth.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54192
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: What to do if you shoot somebody

In article <93108.025818U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>Say you're in a situation where you have to pull a gun on somebody.  You
>give them a chance to get away but they decided to continue in their
>action anyway and you end up shooting and killing them.  My question is
>what do you do?  Should you stay and wait for the cops or should you
>collect your brass (if you're using a semi-auto) and get out of there
>(provided of course you don't think that you have been seen)?

For me, it would be an obvious choice: Armed self-defence is clearly
and strongly protected by the Colorado Constitution and the laws
of the state. In the very clear-cut situation of your hypothetical,
I wouldn't have anything to fear from the police (unless I had been
publicly carrying the weapon concealed, something I'm not in
the habit of doing... Even then, the worst I'd have to deal with 
was a class 2 misdemeanor.) Even if the situation were not so
clear, and I might have to worry about arrest for manslaughter or
homicide, it would still be safer to wait for the police. If
I were to leave and try to avoid police involvement, I'd be committing
several felonies and ruining my chances of claiming self-defence
in court ("If it really was self-defence," the prosecuter would
ask, "why did you run away and hide from the police?")

In other states, however, this decision might not be so clear-cut:
If someone in, say, Washington D.C. were to use a gun in self-defence
he would _automatically_ be guilty of several felony violations of
that city's gun control laws. Such a person's choices would be
between certain conviction for a couple of felonies versus possible
conviction for half a dozen. 

                                         Frank Crary
                                         CU Boulder
 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54193
From: billma@utoday.com (Bill Mallon)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

In article <1993Apr18.000152.2339
@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu>, jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:

> Surrender your arms. Soon enough, 
> officers will be around to collect
> them. Resistance is useless. They 
>       ^^^^^^^^^^ ^^ ^^^^^^^
> will overwhelm you - one at a time.

Are you certain you didn't mean to post 
to alt.french.captain.borg.borg.borg?

You'd better rush home...I hear Kruschev 
calling "Come to papa, jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu!"

"I am endeavoring, ma'am, to construct a mnemonic memory
circuit, using stone knives and bearskins."        --Spock
     - Humble Typesetter -

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54194
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: Re: Tanks against civilians (was Re: That silly outdated Bill/Koresh)

In article <scottj-150493092731@iamac-1.dml.georgetown.edu> scottj@magic.dml.georgetown.edu (John L. Scott) writes:
>
> [ ... picking nits over tanks firing the main gun or not deleted ...]
> 

I think the point is being missed - that it is apparantly acceptable for
Big Government (Big Brother?) to use TANKS to control the people, as
long as they don't use the BIG GUN (but everything else is allright...).

Tanks deployed against civilians, let alone FIRING on them with crew
served weaponry (a .50 Heavy Machine Gun is crew-served) is something
both our press and government howl about instantly when done in some
other country.  Against civilians that have, at most, one-shot-at-a-time
LIGHT small arms.  Certainly nothing that places the people in or behind
the tank in any real danger.  Molotov coctails?  A round from a rifle
or pistol deals with anybody approaching with one of those.  And "snipers"
too often turn out to be strays from other cops/guard/army gunfire.

I don't know about the other people in this group (or on the net) but
the idea of tanks being used to control civilians, in anything that
pretends to be a free society is outrageous.  When Big Government feels
it is necessary to use that kind of force to stomp out protests (even
violent) of the citizens, that suggests that the government is totally
out of control, since that is effectively the government declaring war
on its own people.  If the government was living up to its responsibility,
government of the people BY THE PEOPLE, not the 'lords' and other elites
who want to keep their good thing going, the citizens wouldn't feel the
need to be resorting to acts that need to be squashed with a military
boot.  People do things like that because they have become convinced
that it is the only option that remains, other attempts to have grievances
redressed have been ignored.  And yes, there is a criminal element that
will exploit this, but the fact remains that the government has been
unresponsive or such acts wouldn't be apt to happen.  Still not an excuse
to open up on civilians with tanks, heavy machine guns, or whatever.
Its the old 'might makes right' philosophy that is the hallmark of a
government going rogue:  They don't like it? Tough. We will simply
squash them under an iron boot.  Actually addressing their grievances
in other than token fashion with huge volumes of hot air is just too
inconvenient...  Sort of a variation on mushroom management:  Keep them
in the dark, Smother them with shit, and Crush them when ready...

And these are the folks that many liberals are trying to arrange things
so that they will have a MONOPOLY on coercive force (firearms that are
than expensive toys...) by gutting the Bill of Rights (cuz it just isn't
PROGRESSIVE or doesn't fit in with MODERN THINKING anymore)...

Unbelievable.

And I do believe amid the smoke, confusion, etc of a real riot situation,
that it would be POSSIBLE for a tank to get away with firing the main gun
into a building at close range?  One would hear an explosion among many
explosions.  It is loud, but it is not going to stand out like a 1000
pound bomb or a tactical nuke.  There would be a hole blown in the wall,
and some rubble, but with tanks knocking over walls, and other sources
of buildings turning into rubble, and other covering racket such as
gunfire, including 50's tacking away, it would not stand out that much,
and could be explained by "musta been a gas leak... ".  I think it could be
done and not be reported under such conditions - it is POSSIBLE.  It is
not like a tank driving down a quiet street on a Sunday afternoon, turning
and firing, you know.  THAT would stand out, and be pretty impossible
to cover up.

>--John L. Scott


-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54195
From: chiu@io.nosc.mil (Francis Chiu)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu wrote:
: You are loosing.
: There is no question about it. 
: Of those who vote, your cause is considered an abomination. No matter
: how hard you try, public opinion is set against the RKBA. 

  Care to show some *real* numbers instead of something HCI make up?
  I thought so, all "foaming at the mouth" shouting but nothing is 
  ever said...
   
: This is the end. By the finish of the Clinton administration, your
: RKBA will be null and void. Tough titty.

  Well, we'll just have to wait and see about that, won't we?  Or are
  you quite satisified with living in your little fantasy?
 
< SNIP >
: cases of firearms abuses has ruined your cause. There is nothing you
< SNIP >
: The press is against you, the public (the voting public) is against
: you, the flow of history is against you ... this is it !

  Not true, it is ONLY those who are ignorant and are afraid to understand,
  accept, and deal with the real problems behind this violent society 
  who are proposing gun control as a band-aid solution.  May be I should 
  refresh your memory with a quote from Prez. Clintion? 

    "It's the criminals, stupid!"  

  HEY, why is he cutting the budget for more prisons? May be someone need 
  to remind him of what he promised...on second thought, why bother...

: Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect
: them. Resistance is useless. They will overwhelm you - one at a time.
: Your neighbors will not help you. They will consider you more if an
: immediate threat than the abstract 'criminal'. 

  Oooh, WACO II, coming to your living room soon...  When was the last
  time you turned off your TV?  Can't remember?  I thought so...

: Too fucking bad. You have gone the way of the KKK. Violent solutions
: are passe'. Avoid situations which encourage criminals. Then you will
: be as safe as possible. Such as it is ...

  Wait, I got it, this is a late April fool post, right?  I didn't
  think ANYBODY is stupid enough to post something like this...good one
  guys, this group was getting boring without Holly and Susan. 

--Francis Chiu, Professional Student, Programmer, Tax Payer. 


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54196
From: kkopp@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (koppenhoefer kyle cramm)
Subject: Re: 2%: We're undertaxed/Poll

kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT) writes:

>In article <1993Apr16.190829.17141@cunews.carleton.ca> akasacou@alfred.carleton.ca (Alexander Kasacous) writes:
>>In article <VEAL.729.734979393@utkvm1.utk.edu> VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal) writes:
>>
>>>
>>>       No, what you said was that we had spent money on "guns" rather than
>>>"people," as Canada does.  Which is ridiculous.
>>>
>>
>>Once again I have over estimated the general level of intellegence of
>>the average reader of rush-limbaugh.  Canada PER CAPITA spend more
>>money on people where the US spend more money PER CAPITA on guns.

>What exactly do you mean when you say the U.S. spends more per capita on
>guns than Canada does?  Are you talking about the U.S. government or are you
>talking about the purchase of guns by private citizens or both?  If you are
>referring to private citizens then your point is irrevelant because what
>individuals do with their money is essentially *their* business.

>If, on the other hand, you meant that the U.S government spends more per
>capita on guns than Canada does then your point *is* relevant.  So, if this
>is true then the U.S. needs to get its priorities straight.  People are more
>important than guns.  That is not to say that guns aren't important.  I'm
>just saying that if the U.S government *does* spend more per capita on guns
>than they do on people then something is awry.


    He meant the US spends more per capita on guns than Canada which isn't
really surprising because we were so busy protecting the western world from
the USSR that all other countries could slack off on their defense spending.

    I would like to see if the US spends more per capita on people than 
Canada does.  This is a true apples - apples comparison where the previous
post was apples - oranges.





Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54197
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Randy Weaver trial update: Day 4.

Note: These trial updates are summarized from reports in the
_Idaho Statesman_ and the local NBC affiliate television
station, KTVB Channel 7.

Randy Weaver/Kevin Harris trial update: Day 4.

Friday, April 16, 1993 was the fourth day of the trial.

Synopsis: Defense attorney Gerry Spence cross-examined agent
Cooper under repeated objections from prosecutor Ronald
Howen.  Spence moved for a mistrial but was denied.

The day was marked by a caustic cross-examination of Deputy
Marshal Larry Cooper by defense attorney Gerry Spence.  Although
Spence has not explicitly stated so, one angle of his stategy
must involve destroying the credibility of agent Cooper.  Cooper is
the government's only eyewitness to the death of agent Degan.
Spence attacked Cooper's credibility by pointing out discrepancies
between Cooper's statements last September and those made in court.
Cooper conceded that, "You have all these things compressed into
a few seconds...It's difficult to remember what went on first."

Cooper acknowledged that he carried a "9mm Colt Commando submachine
gun with a silenced barrel." [I thought a Colt Commando was a revolver!]
Cooper continued by stating that the federal agents had no specific
plans to use the weapon when they started to kill Weaver's dog.

When Spence asked how seven cartridges could be fired by Degan's
M-16 rifle when Degan was apparently dead, Cooper could not say for
sure that Degan did not return fire before going down.

Spence continued by asking with how many agents (and to what extent)
had Cooper discussed last August's events, Cooper responded, "If
you're implying that we got our story together, you're wrong,
counselor."  Spence continued to advance the defense's version of
the events: Namely, that a marshal had started the shooting by
killing the Weaver's dog.  Cooper disagreed.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Ronald Howen repeatedly objected to Spence's
virulent cross-examination of agent Cooper, arguing that the questions
were repetitive and Spence was wasting time.  Howen also complained 
that Spence was improperly using a cross-examination to advance the
defense's version of the events.  U.S. District Judge Edward Lodge
sustained many of the objections; however, both lawyers persisted
until Judge Lodge had the jury leave the room and proceded to
admonish both attorneys.  "I'm not going to play games with either
counsel.  This has been a personality problem from day 1, so start
acting like professionals."

Spence told the judge that, "When all the evidence is in, we'll see
that ... his [agent Larry Cooper] testimony is not credible, that
he was panicked and cannot remember the sequence of events." 
Spence continued, "We're going to find...that there is a very unlikely
similarity - almost as if it had come out of a cookie cutter - between
the testimony of Mr. Cooper and the other witnesses."

Spence then moved for a mistrial on the grounds that Howen's repeated
objections would prevent a fair trial, "We can't have a fair trial if the
jury believes I'm some sort of charlatan, if the jury believes I'm
bending the rules or engaging in some delaying tactic or that I'm
violating court orders."

Judge Lodge called the notion that his repeated sustainings of Howen's
objections had somehow prejudiced the jury was "preposterous" and
denied the motion for a mistrial.  Lodge did tell Howen to restrict
his comments when objecting.

The trial resumed with the prosecution calling FBI Special Agent Greg
Rampton.  The prosecution's purpose was simply to introduce five
weapons found in the cabin as evidence: However, the defense seized
on the opportunity to further address Cooper's credibility.

Defense attorney Ellison Matthews (Harris' other attorney) questioned
Rampton about the dog.  Rampton stated that there were no specific
plans to kill the Weaver's dog without being detected.  Matthews then
had Rampton read  a Septtember 15, 1992 transcript in which Rampton
had said that Cooper had said that the purpose of the silenced weapon
was to kill the dog without being detected, if the dog chased them.
Rampton then acknowledged that he believed that Cooper had said that,
but he could not remember when.  He then stated that, "I did not conduct
the primary interview with Deputy Cooper, but I have had conversations
with him since the interview was conducted."

Monday, April 19, 1993 will begin the fifth day of the trial.  Scheduled
is the continued cross-examination of FBI agent Greg Rampton.



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54198
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Randy Weaver trial update: Day 1.


Here is a copy of my first update on the Randy Weaver trial.
After a large response (about 15 email messages), I've decided
that there is sufficient interest here on t.p.g. to warrant
posting.

*** file follows *** 

Hi Folks;

As perhaps the only Boise resident on the list, I guess it
kind of falls on me to keep people updated about the
Randy Weaver/Kevin Harris trial.

Yesterday marked the seating of the jury.  Apparently no other
legal activities occurred.  The jury was selected and things
start today.

More interesting is what happenned outside.  About a dozen
Weaver supporters showed up to stage a protest outside the
courthouse.  One woman carried a sign that read, "Who stands
trial for the murder of Vicki and (son's name - I forget)
Weaver?"  On the evening news she said, "I am here protesting
because I believe in freedom of speech and freedom of religion.
I thought we all did."  Nice sound bite (grin)!

The news reporter also interviewed some guy named "Tim"
who refused to give his last name.  Not to prejudge the
guy, but he looked like a neo-nazi.  He also said he
expected many neo-nazis to show up throughout the trial.
"Tim" had been handing out leaflets in support of Weaver
and Harris and the news had footage of a Boise cop
telling him to move along or he'd arrest.  I don't know
the finer points of this one.  Perhaps there's a law
against political activity within X feet of a courthouse
or something (what happenned to the First Amendment?!?).

Most ominous of all was that the local reporter filmed
an agent of the Gestapo...err...ATF with a minicam
FILMING THE PROTESTORS!  Welcome to the world of Big Brother.

Anyhow, Gerry Spence came out and asked the protestors to
leave because he didn't think it would help Weaver's case
any.  He said he was confident that, once the evidence
came out, that Weaver would be aquitted.

More stuff as it comes available.

Drew

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54199
From: shepard@netcom.com (Mark Shepard)
Subject: S414 (Brady bill) loopholes?

Hi. I've just finished reading S414, and have several questions about
the Brady bills (S414 and HR1025).

1. _Are_ these the current versions of the Brady bill?
     What is the status of these bills?  I've heard they're "in committee".
     How close is that to being made law?

2. S414 and HR1025 seem fairly similar.  Are there any important
   differences I missed?

3. S414 seems to have some serious loopholes:
  A. S414 doesn't specify an "appeals" process to wrongful denial during
     the waiting period, other than a civil lawsuit(?)  (S414 has an appeals
     process once the required instant background check system is established,
     but not before).
  B. the police are explicitly NOT liable for mistakes in denying/approving
     using existing records (so who would I sue in "A" above to have an
     inaccurate record corrected?)
  C. S414 includes an exception-to-waiting-period clause for if a person
     can convince the local Chief Law-Enforcement Officer (CLEO) of an
     immediate threat to his or her life, or life of a household member.
     But S414 doesn't say exactly what is considered a "threat", nor does
     it place a limit on how long the CLEO takes to issue an exception
     statement.
True?  Have I misunderstood?  Any other 'holes?

4. With just S414, what's to stop a person with a "clean" record from
   buying guns, grinding off the serial numbers, and selling them to crooks?
   At minimum, what additional laws are needed to prevent this?

   'Seems at min. a "gun counting" scheme would be needed
   (e.g., "John Doe owns N guns").  So, if S414 passes, I wouldn't be surprised
   to see legislation for stricter, harder-to-forge I.D.'s plus national gun
   registration, justified by a need to make the Brady bill work.

Please comment.  I'm mainly interested in specific problems with the current
legislation--I don't mean to start a general discussion of the merits
of any/all waiting-period bills ever proposed.

	MarkS || shepard@netcom.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54200
From: "Faustus" <p00056@mail.psi.net>
Subject: Re: 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD - GOOD !

>DATE:   18 Apr 93 00:13:19 -0500
>FROM:   jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu
>
>Yea, there are millions of cases where yoy *say* that firearms
>'deter' criminals. Alas, this is not provable. 

In my case I am alive thanks to a gun, that is provable..
even in your twisted logic.

>I think that that there are actually *few* cases where this is so. 

No... Wrong again brain trust.. 

>The bulk of firarems are used against unworthy and unnesessary
>opponents 

Huh? What planet are you from? 

>The 2nd amendment is dead. Accept this. Find another way.

Wrong... Not as long as freedom remains ..

PS: Get a Dictionary..


Faustus
(Gun of the month club... hmmm.. Glock 10mm this month.. Sig 226 next..)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54201
From: earlw@apple.com (Earl Wallace)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my....

In article <1993Apr16.194708.13273@vax.oxford.ac.uk> jaj@vax.oxford.ac.uk writes:
  >What all you turkey pro-pistol and automatic weapons fanatics don't seem to
  >realize is that the rest of us *laugh* at you. You don't make me angry, you
  >just make me chuckle - I remeber being in Bellingham, Washington and seeing a
  >...

You consider laughing at others civilized behavior?  What was I supposed to
learn from your article?  Treat people like dogs?

I am not impressed by your attitude.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54202
From: earlw@apple.com (Earl Wallace)
Subject: Re: 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD - GOOD !

In article <1993Apr18.001319.2340@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
  >...
  >In the near future, federal martials will come for your arms.
  >No one will help you. You are more dangerous, to their thinking,
  >than the 'criminal'. This is your own fault. 
  >
  >The 2nd amendment is dead. Accept this. Find another way.

You know, in many ways this might be just the kick we need to straighten
things out in this country.  Also, people would have a need to replace
guns with something else, perhaps deadly sprays that would make Mace and OC
seem like water.  They would be lighter and easier to conceal.

Guns are really "old" in design and as long as we have tons of them, no one
is motivated to design something better.  I'm sure we could come up with
some real nasty stuff if we tried and getting rid of these guns would get
us moving on this track asap.  This is what we really want, right?  Stuff
that's smaller, lighter and far more deadly.

Remember, in this country we'll really scramble to accomplish impossible
feats if we are motivated enough and I think "self-defense" is high on our
list of motivators.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54203
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

In article <1993Apr18.000152.2339@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>You are loosing.

What's "loosing?"  

>Of those who vote, your cause is considered an abomination. No matter
>how hard you try, public opinion is set against the RKBA. 

I vote.  I don't consider RKBA an abomination. 

>This is the end. By the finish of the Clinton administration, your
>RKBA will be null and void. Tough titty.

I'm sure Sarah Brady would be delighted to hear your ranting and
raving.  However, Clinton has not publically stated that he would
like to repeal the Second Amendment.  "Tough titty" to you.

>You had better discover ways to make do without firearms. The number of
>cases of firearms abuses has ruined your cause. There is nothing you
>can do about it. Those who live by the sword shall die by it. 

Are we going to "make do without" like the people in New York City? 
You know New York City: That gun ban utopia you dream about, with
the millions of unregistered handguns?  New York City, by the way,
has a very high crime rate.

Perhaps you should know about a gungrabber's nightmare - Idaho.
Here in Idaho, the police give concealed carry permits to anyone
over 21 without a criminal record.  There are no gungrabber schemes
such as FOIDs, waiting periods, "gun a month," or LTCs.  And horror
of horrors!  You don't even NEED a permit to carry a concealed
weapon while outside of city limits (although you do need a permit
for concealed carry in an automobile).

I feel a hell of a lot safer in Boise than I would in your gun ban
dream state (e.g., Washington, D.C.).

>The press is against you, the public (the voting public) is against
>you, the flow of history is against you ... this is it !

The voting public in Idaho is staunchly pro-gun.  Both senators
are NRA-endorsed "A" rated!  Buy a clue, pal.

>Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect
>them. Resistance is useless. They will overwhelm you - one at a time.
>Your neighbors will not help you. They will consider you more if an
>immediate threat than the abstract 'criminal'. 
>
Get out your wallet and buy another clue.  There are millions upon
MILLIONS of pre-1968 (i.e., non-4473'ed) firearms out there.
They have a half-life approaching eternity.  And cosmoline is not
exactly tracked by the feds.

>Too fucking bad. You have gone the way of the KKK. Violent solutions
>are passe'. Avoid situations which encourage criminals. Then you will
>be as safe as possible. Such as it is ...
>
Gun control laws were passed to PROTECT the KKK from blacks!

Drew
--
betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54204
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1993Apr17.235338.2819@ucsu.Colorado.EDU>, fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU
(Frank Crary) says:
>
>>>>...I have never seen anyone else practice marksmanship by
>>>> taking their gun out of their coat as fast as possible and start shooting.
>
>>>That is the recommended way to practice with a CCW, too.  Aim alone is no   d
>goo
>>>for defense, if you can't get the gun rapidly.
>
>>Very true but the way it was being done was just a little unusual.  It looked
>>to me like they were practicing to shoot someone...

The point that I forgot to bring up here (and this has nothing to do with being
a gang member or not) is that it is illegal to carry a concealed weapon in this
area (or in the state of illinois for that matter).  This is not to say that
people in Illinois don't carry concealed weapons illegaly but practicing like
that when there are other people around wasn't too bright of an idea.

>
>There isn't necessarily a conflict between practicing with a concealed
>weapon for self-defence and practicing to shoot someone. Armed
>self-defence does occasionally involve shooting an attacker.
>
>                                              Frank Crary
>                                              CU Boulder

I agree.      If you don't practice at all and carry a gun for self-defense you
most likely would be in big trouble if a situation were to arise.

Jason - u28037@uicvm.cc.uic.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54205
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

In article <1993Apr18.000152.2339@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu>, jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu says:

Ah I love posts like this.  Many people have already replied to this one as I
knew they would.  I'm not going to say much as this just seems like baiting to
me.  Someone decided to post to see how many people would get mad and reply.  I
am just going to ignore it but I do have one thing to say.  See below.
>
>Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect
>them. Resistance is useless. They will overwhelm you - one at a time.
       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Listen buddy, if you're going to quote Star Trek get the quote right.  It was
"Resistance is futile".  Get it right the next time :-)

Jason - u28037@uicvm.cc.uic.edu


>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54206
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: What to do if you shoot somebody

In article <1993Apr18.061532.3288@uoft02.utoledo.edu>,
steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu (Jason 'Think!' Steiner) says:
>
>Jason Kratz (U28037@uicvm.uic.edu) writes:
>>
>> Say you're in a situation where you have to pull a gun on somebody.
>>  You give them a chance to get away but they decided to continue in
>> their action anyway and you end up shooting and killing them.  My
>> question is what do you do?  Should you stay and wait for the cops
>> or should you collect your brass (if you're using a semi-auto) and
>> get out of there (provided of course you don't think that you have
>> been seen)?  What kind of laws are on the books regarding this type
>> of situation?  What would be the most likely thing to happen to you
>> if you stayed and waited and it was a first offense?  What would
>> happen if you took off but someone saw you and you were caught?
>
>ghods. do you have -any- idea how much trouble you'd get into for
>taking off like that? leaving the scene of an auto accident is bad
>enough! killing someone & leaving is 10 times worse. who's going
>to seriously believe it was self-defense when you took the time
>to collect your spent casings? "But officer, I reload!"
>
Well, like someone said in a reply to this it really all depends on the area
that you live in.  See David Veal's reply to this.  I have heard exactly the
same thing that he said in his reply - to fade away if you think that you
haven't been seen (I heard this from a police officer).  For the record though
he was talking about in Tennessee - not everywhere.

>even if you could get away with it, you're still a fugitive. do
>it nice & legal, keep your law-abiding status & send your story
>into the Armed Citizen column of American Rifleman.
>
>jason
>
>--
Jason - u28037@uicvm.cc.uic.edu





Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54207
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: What to do if you shoot somebody

In article <VEAL.744.735151266@utkvm1.utk.edu>, VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
says:
>
>In article <93108.025818U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz                     >
><U28037@uicvm.uic.edu
>
>>I have heard many opinions on this subject and would like to hear more from
>>the people on the net.
>>
>>Say you're in a situation where you have to pull a gun on somebody.  You
>>give them a chance to get away but they decided to continue in their
>>action anyway and you end up shooting and killing them.  My question is
>>what do you do?  Should you stay and wait for the cops or should you
>>collect your brass (if you're using a semi-auto) and get out of there
>>(provided of course you don't think that you have been seen)?
>
>       As a data point from Tennessee, a friend of mine and a police
>officer essentially recommends that if you can, fade away.  Even if
>you were perfectly justified you're likely in for a great deal of
>hassle.  (A side note, carrying a gun concealed is a misdemeanor.)
>
This is exactly what I have heard before.  If you were to fade away and
nobody saw you what kind of evidence would they be able to get to catch you
(this is assuming that you either collected your brass or had a revolver)?

>>What kind
>>of laws are on the books regarding this type of situation?  What would
>>be the most likely thing to happen to you if you stayed and waited and
>>it was a first offense?  What would happen if you took off but someone
>>saw you and you were caught?
>
>       It's one of those "by State" things, pretty much.

Guess it's time to take a trip to the library and look at the Illinois statutes
again :-)  Just for the record folks I'm just asking this because I'm curious.
I'm just trying to find out from people who have read more on stuff like this.

>David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
>PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
>your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
>love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Jason - u28037@uicvm.cc.uic.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54210
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my....

In article <1993Apr16.194708.13273@vax.oxford.ac.uk> jaj@vax.oxford.ac.uk writes:
>What all you turkey pro-pistol and automatic weapons fanatics don't seem to
>realize is that the rest of us *laugh* at you. You don't make me angry, you
>just make me chuckle - I remeber being in Bellingham, Washington and seeing a

[Warning: Flammage to follow...]

Ah, that British sense of humor.  Probably got a real gut-buster going
when the IRA blew that kid up a couple of weeks ago, huh?  Of course,
in Britain, your government has ordered you defenseless, so your way
of coping with violent criminals is to laugh at victims.

>pick-up truck in front of the car that my friend and I were in. It had a bumper
>sticker proclaiming "Gun Control is a firm grip on a .45." Now I'm sure that
>that wanker thought he was pretty cool.

I don't know about a .45.  My own preference is for 9mm.

>What he didn't realize was that we took a photo of the back of his truck, and
>showed it to our friends when we got back to Vancouver,  Canada (where I'm from
>originally). People were guffawing at the basic stupidity of such a
>sticker, and the even greater stupidity of the person who put it there in the
>first place! :)

Ah, Canada.  Where the criminals don't bother with checking to see
if the victims are home.  They just break on in.  America's a little
different, you see.  Criminals worry a bit more about getting shot,
so they more frequently check to see if anyone's home.

>I knew somebody else who went to one of your "Gun-mart" superstore places, just
>so he could experience the sight of people putting guns and ammo into shopping
>carts! I didn't believe it myself until I drove by one in Vegas last year!!!

I've heard Gun World in Phoenix, Arizona, is fantastic!  I'm hoping
to visit there myself soon.

>Now that I live in Britain, I can see how the rest of the civilized world
>perceives you gun-nut morons. The BBC recently referred to the American 
>penchant for pistols, automatic weapons,etc.  very  appropriately - it was
>called a "national eccentricity."

Ah, Britain again.  Isn't that the place where you're guilty until
proven innocent?  Tell me, Mr. "jaj@vax.oxford.ac.uk" didn't Britain
come begging to us "gun nut morons" in the early 1940s for guns to
defend yourselves against Hitler?  Seems as though your supposedly 
enlightened government had disarmed you: "Aw chaps, you can jolly
give up your guns.  If that Hitler man starts to threaten, we can 
always hit up the Yanks for a few guns.  They've got a bloody
eccentric habit about those guns, you know.  Just hand in your
shotgun, that's it.  Thank you." 

>The only problem is that Canada, I hear, is suffering from your national
>eccentricity, in that easy to purchase weapons are being smuggled cross the
>border.

Ain't it just amazing how those black markets work?  Damn if those
drugs from south america keep coming over our borders, too, even
though we've banned them.  Guess we might as well legalize them.  
Makes you want to send fifty bucks to the Libertarian Party just
thinking about it, doesn't it? 

>Anyway, all you gun nut Rush Limbaugh fans, please *keep* up your diatribes
>against Brady and other  evil "Liberal media" plots  - you 're so damn funny!
>You provide endless amounts of entertainment in your arguments and examples of
>why someone should be allowed to carry a piece! Keep us all chuckling!
>
Your close-minded ignorance is without parallel.  I guess that's what
happens when you're raised as a "subject" without rights.  Your
type gravitates to those who desire to hold power over you.

>Hell, I miss those NRA ads with Gerald McRainey now that I'm over here! Those
>were like Monty Python sketches!

Just chuckle as the cops beat you senseless to get a confession.
Just laugh yourself silly when you find that confession is valid
in court.  "Hey mate, this is justice, British style." 

Drew 
--
betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54211
From: keith@orion.ic.cmc.ca (Keith de Solla)
Subject: CDN gun laws

[MODERATOR:  Nice summary, Keith, thanks.]

I talked to the federal Dept. of Justice (DOJ, Ottawa) to try and
clarify a bunch of things regarding changes to Canadian gun laws.
I am posting here for informational purposes; questions to email,
followup to t.p.g.

1. It is still technically feasible (but almost impossible) to get
   a concealed carry permit in Canada.  This is contrary to what I
   was told by a police officer.
2. It is still legal to use lethal force (such as a firearm) to
   protect life, also contrary to what the officer told me.  Guns
   must be stored locked up and unloaded, however.
3. Regarding hi-capacity magazines, it is still not clear who will
   be exempt or how this will be managed.  This is up to each province.
   The general idea is that exempt persons will receive a letter/form
   authorizing them to possess the high capacity magazines.  
   Apparently, the authorization is to specify how many of these
   'prohibited weapons' you will be allowed to possess.  Dealers will
   be allowed to order high capacity mags for those allowed to possess
   them, but will not be allowed to stock them.
4. High capacity magazines converted to comply with the new limits will
   not be considered prohibited weapons.  Amendments to the regulations
   specify some possible methods to alter the magazines.  Some 
   manufacturers (Beretta) will be marketing reduced capacity magazines.
   (God knows how much they'll charge for these)

This covers most of what we discussed.  I have typed this from memory,
do not take it as gospel.  I am not a lawyer and I refuse to play one on TV.


-- 
-------------------------------------------------------------------
| Keith P. de Solla, P.Eng |  IPSC Ontario, OHA, NFA, SFC, OFAH   |
| keith@orion.ic.cmc.ca    |  Frontenac Rifle and Pistol Club     |
-------------------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54212
From: jim.wray@yob.sccsi.com (Jim Wray)
Subject: sign of the times...


Article in this morning's Houston Post...."negotiators send food to
rebellious inmates as humanitarian gesture"...speaking about the Ohio prison
riot where they have killed at least one of the hostage guards.

I know it's not the same "group" but the mindset appears to be common to
"those what rule" here lately....they won't give diddley to the BD's in Waco
but they treat criminals as deserving of "humanitarian gestures".

This is but another indicator that the criminal caste seems to enjoy more
priviliges in today's society than their victims or other law abiding
citizens. What is it that makes the criminal so precious to the "leaders of
the system"?

Could it be that the criminal is one of the "tools" the "authorities" are
using to "excuse" some of the rights negation they are trying to foist upon
the law abiding citizen in the name of crime control....don't solve the crime
problem because then the citizen couldn't be held hostage to "our help".

If the crime problem were solved in favor of the citizen/victim at the
expense of the criminal none of the crap such as RICO and gun banning could
be used as excuses to work the agenda of those who would control our every
move and thought.
---
 . OLX 2.2 . If I have to explain, you wouldn't understand.
                                                                                                       
----
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Ye Olde Bailey BBS   713-520-1569 (V.32bis) 713-520-9566 (V.32bis)     |
|   Houston,Texas          yob.sccsi.com       Home of alt.cosuard       |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54213
From: ghm@sserve.cc.adfa.oz.au (Geoff Miller)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:

>	Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.
>	It would not be economic to smuggle them in. All production
>	would have to be local. There are not all that many people
>	who have both the skill AND motivation to assemble worthwhile
>	firearms from scratch. High-ranking crime figures could
>	obtain imported Uzis and such, but the average person, and
>	average thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun - and would
>	pay through the nose for it. 

So why did the Australian Customs Service make a public statement to
a parliamentary committee last year that weapons smuggling was a problem
which it was not able to control?  Possibly criminals don't have your 
grasp of economics?

Geoff Miller  (g-miller@adfa.edu.au)
Computer Centre, Australian Defence Force Academy

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54214
From: gaucher@sam.cchem.berkeley.edu
Subject: Re: 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD - GOOD !

Oh Christ, here we go again. I'm actually going to assume that
this was a serious posting, fool that I am.

In article <1993Apr18.001319.2340@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>Yea, there are millions of cases where yoy *say* that firearms
>'deter' criminals. Alas, this is not provable. I think that that
>there are actually *few* cases where this is so. 
 
And I suppose I should just take your word for it. Did you ever
think that many people who use firearms to protect themselves
might not admit to it because of the ridiculous laws which exist
forbidding concealed carry?

>The bulk of firarems are used against unworthy and unnesessary
>opponents ... those who posessa a cool jakcet you want, those who
>would argue with you about a parking space, those who would
>take your woman. In short, trivial and worthless causes.
 
I already own a cool jacket. I ride a bicycle to work and park
it behind my desk. And if my woman decides to go with someone
else, I'd be disappointed but killing her new suitor will probably
not endear her to me any more than before. Frankly, I've never
met a woman worth killing for anyway. (Now, an AR-15 with a chrome
barrel, THAT's worth killing for ...!-))

>Too much of this has ruined you cause. There is no recovery. 
>In the near future, federal martials will come for your arms.
>No one will help you. You are more dangerous, to their thinking,
>than the 'criminal'. This is your own fault. 
 
Does this pinhead know something the rest of us don't?
I'm not too worried about federal martials coming to get my guns.
The government can't seem to keep violent criminals in jail since
they don't have enough prison space, and the legal system is over-
burdened anyway. Where are they going to put all the millions of
gun-owners who won't fork over their weapons? Maybe you'd like to
volunteer the services of your humble abode, since you obviously
feel sooooo strongly about this.

>The 2nd amendment is dead. Accept this. Find another way.
 
Your argument has been rendered useless. Accept this. Find another
newsgroup.

------------------------------------------------------------
Lee Gaucher   NRA                |  My opinions.
gaucher@sam.cchem.berkeley.edu   |  No one else's.
------------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54215
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Ohio House Bill 278 (Otto Beatty's military weapons ban)

[Note, Ohio legislation unlike Federal legislation, shows the entire
law as it would be changed by the legislation.  These parts are in
ALL CAPITALS, the rest (i.e., current law is in regular type)].

AS INTRODUCED
 
120TH GENERAL ASEMBLY 
 
REGULAR SESSION                       H. B. NO. 278
 
1993-1994
 
REPRESENATIVE BEATTY
 
A BILL

To amend sections2923.11, 2923.17,and 2923.20 and
to enact section 2923.181 of the Revised Code
to expand the defintion of dangerous ordnance to
include military weapons that do not use bolt 
action, to increase the penalty for a violation
of the prohibition against possession of
dangerous ordnance, to prohibit any person from
acquiring a military weapon on or after the act's
effective date, to require the licensure of 
military weapons acquired for aproper purpose
prior to the act's effective dte, to prohibit a
person from importing, manufacturing, or selling
a military weapon, and to declare an emergency.

BE IT ENACTED BY THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE STATE OF OHIO:

Section 1. That sections 2923.11, 2923.17 and 2923.20 be

amended and section 2923.181 of the Revised Code be enacted to 

read as follows:

     Sec.  2923.11.  As used in section 2923.11 to 2923.24 of
the Revised Code:
     (A) "deadly weapon" means any instrument, device, or thing
capable of inflicting death, and designed or specially adapted
for use as a weapon, or possessed, carried, or used as a weapon.
     (B)(1)  "firearm" means any deadly weapon capable of
expelling or propelling one or more projectiles by the action of
an explosive or combustible propellant.  "firarms" includes an
unloaded firearm, and any firearm which is inoperable but which
can readily be rendered operable.
     (2) When determining whether a firearm is capable of
expelling or propelling one or more projectiles by the action of
an explosive or combustible propellant, the trier of fact may
rely upon circumstancial evidence, including, but not limited to,
the representations and actions of the individual exercising
control over the firearm.
     (C) "Handgun" means any firearm designed to be fired while 
held in one hand.
     (D) "Semi-automatic firearm" means any firearm designed or
specially adapted to fire a single cartridge and automatically
chamber a suceeding cartridge ready to fire, with a single
function of the trigger.
     (E) "Automatic firearm" means any firearm designed or
specially adapted to fire a succession of cartridges with a 
single function of the trigger.  "Automatic firearm" also means
any semi-automatic firearm designed or specially adapted to fire
more than thirty-one cartridges without reloading, other than a
firearm chambering only .22 caliber short, long, or long-rifle
cartridges.
     (F) "Sawed-off firearm" means a shotgun with a barrel less
than eighteen inches long, or a rifle with a barrel less than
sixteen inches long, or a shotgun or rifle less than twenty-six
inches long overall.
     (G)  "Zip-gun" means any of the following:
     (1)  Any firearm of crude and extemporized manufacture;
     (2)  Any device, including without limitation a starter's
pistol, not designed as a firearm, but which is specially adapted
for use as a firearm;
     (3)  Any industrial tool, signalling device, or safety
device, not designed as a firearm, but which as designed is
capable of use as such A FIREARM, when possessed, carried, or
used as a firearm.
     (H)  "Explosive device" means any device designed or
specially adapted to cause physical harm to persons or property
by means of an explosion, and consisting of an explosive
substance or agency and a means to detonate it.  "Explosive
device" includes without limitation any bomb, any explosive
demolition device, any blasting cap or detonator containing an
explosive charge, and any pressure vessel which has been
knowingly tampered with or arranged so as to explode.
     (I)  "Incendiary device" means any firebomb, and any device
designed or specially adapted to cause physical harm to persons
or property by means of fire, and consisting of an incendiary
substance or agency and a means to ignite it.
     (J)  "Ballistic knife" means a knife with a detachable
blade that is propelled by a spring-operated mechanism.
     (K)  "Dangerous ordinance" means any of the following,
except as provided in division (L) of this section:
     (1)  Any automatic or sawed-off firearms. zip-gun, or
ballistic knife;
     (2)  Any explosive device or incendiary device;
     (3)  Nitroglycerin, nitrocellulose, nitrostarch, PETN,
cyclonite, TNT, picric acid, and other high explosives; amatol, 
tritonal, tetrytol, pentolite, pecretol, cyclotol, and other high
explosive compositions; plastic explosives; dynamite, blasting
gelatin, gelatin dynamite, sensitized ammonium nitrate, liquid-
oxygen blasting explosives, blasting powder, and other blasting
agents; and any other explosive substance having sufficient
brisance or power to be particularly suitable for use as a
military explosive, or for use in mining, quarrying, excavating,
or demolitions;
     (4)  Any firearm, rocket launcher, mortar, artillery piece
grenade, mine, bomb, torpedo, or similar weapon, designed and
manufactured for military purposes, and the ammunition for that
weapon;
     (5)  Any firearm muffler or silencer;
     (6)  ANY MILITARY WEAPON;
     (7)  ANY DETACHABLE MAGAZINE, MAGAZINE, DRUM, BELT, FEED 
STRIP, OR SIMILAR DEVICE THAT HAS A CAPACITY OF, OR THAT READILY
CAN BE RESTORED OR CONVERTED TO ACCEPT, MORE THAN FIFTEEN ROUNDS 
OF AMMUNITION;   
     (8)  Any combination of parts that is intended by the owner
for use in converting any firearm or other device into a 
dangerous ordinance.
     (L)  "Dangerous ordnance" does not include any of the
following:
     (1)   Any firearm, including a military weapon and the
ammunition for that weapon, and regardless of its actual 
age, which employs a percussion cap or other obsolete ignition 
system or which is designed and safe for use only with black
powder, and
     (2)  Any pistol, rifle, or shotgun, designed or suitable
for sporting purposes, UNLESS THE FIREARM IS EITHER OF THE
FOLLOWING;
     (a)  A military weapon as issued or as modified, and the
ammunition for that weapon;
     (b)  AN automatic or sawed-off firearm.
     (3)  Any cannon or other artilery piece which,
regardless of its actual age, is of a type in accepted use prior 
to 1887, has no mechanical, hydraulic, pneumatic, or other system
for absorbing recoil and returning the tube into battery without
displacing the carriage, and is designed and safe for use only
with black powder;
     (4)  Black powder, priming quills, and percussion caps
possessed and lawfully used to fire a cannon of a type defined in
division (L) (3) of this section during displays, celebrations,
organized matches or shoots, and target practice, and smokeless
and black powder, primers, and percussion caps possed and
lawfully used as a propellant or ignition device in small-arms or
small-arms ammunition;
     (5)  Dangerous ordinance which is inoperable or inert and
cannot readily be rendered operable or activated, and which is
kept as a trophy, souvenir, curio, or museum piece.
     (6)  Any device which is expressly excepted from the
definition of a destructive device pursuant to the "Gun Control
Act of 1968," 82 Stat. 1213, 18 U.S.C. 921(a)(4), as amended, and
regulations issued under that act.
     (M)  "MILITARY WEAPON' MEANS ANY OF THE FOLLOWING;
     (1)  ANY FIREARM THAT ORIGINALLY WAS MANUFACTURED FOR 
MILITARY USE, OR A COPY OF ANY SUCH FIREARM, IF THE FIREARM IS
NOT A BOLT ACTION FIREARM;
     (2)  ANY MODEL OF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING FIREARMS THAT IS A
SEMI-AUTOMATIC FIREARM AND IS A RIFLE OR ANY MODEL OF ANY COPY OF
ANY OF THE FOLLOWING FIREARMS THAT IS A SEMI-AUTOMATIC FIREARM
AND IS A RIFLE;
     (a)  ARMALITE AR-180;
     (b)  AUTO-ORDNANCE THOMPSON MODELS 1927A1 AND M-1;
     (c)  AVTOMAT KALASHNIKOV;
     (d)  POLY TECH AK-47S;
     (e)  CHINA SPORTS AK-47 BULLPUP;
     (f)  MITCHELL AK-47 AND M-76
     (g)  BARRETT LIGHT-FIFTY MODEL 82A1;
     (h)  BARETTA AR-70;
     (i)  BUSHMASTER AUTO RIFLE;
     (j)  CALICO M900 AND M-100
     (k)  COLT AR-15
     (l)  COMMANDO ARMS CARBINE, MARK 111, MARK 45, AND MARK 9;
     (m)  UNIVERSAL 5000 CARBINE, ENFORCER;
     (n)  AMERICAN ARMS ARM-1 AND AKY 39;
     (o)  DAEWOO MAX-1 AND MAX-2;
     (p)  FABRIQUE NATIONALE FN/FAL, FN/LAR. AND FN/FNC;
     (q)  FAMAS MAS 223;
     (r)  FEATHER AT-9;
     (s)  FEDERAL KC-900 AND XC-450
     (t)  GALIL AR AND ARM;
     (u)  GONCZ HIGH-TECH CARBINE;
     (v)  HECKLER AND KOCH HK-91, HK-93, HK-94, AND PSG-1;
     (w)  MANDALL TAC-1 CARBINE
     (x)  RUGER MINI 14/SF FOLDING STOCK MODEL;
     (y)  SIG 57 AMT AND 500 SERIES;
     (z)  SPRINGFIELD ARMORY SAR-48, G-3, BM-59 ALPINE, AND M1A
 
CARBINE;
     (aa)  STERLING MK-6 AND MARK 7;
     (bb)  STEYR AUG;
     (cc)  UZI CARBINE AND MINI-CARBINE;
     (dd)  VALMET M-62S, M-76, M-78, AND M82 BULLPUP CARBINE;
     (ee)  WEAVER ARMS NIGHTHAWK;
     (ff)  MILITARY M14 AND MILITARY M1 CARBINE .30;
     (gg)  SPRINGFIELD ARMORY M1A ASSAULT;
     (hh)  THOMPSON 27A-5 WITH DRUM MAGAZINE;
     (ii)  PLAINFIELD COMMANDO UNIVERSE 5000 CARBINE;
     (jj)  COBRAY M-11 WITH OR WITHOUT SILENCER;
     (kk)  SPECTRE AUTO CARBINE;
     (ll)  SWD    COBRAY;
     (mm)  ARMI JAGER AP-74 AND AP-74 COMMANDO;
     (nn)  ARMSCORP OF AMERICA ISRAELI FN-FAL;
     (oo)  CLAYCO SKS CARBINE;  
     (pp)  DRAGUNOV SNIPER;
     (qq)  EMF AP-74;
     (rr)  IVER JOHNSON PM30 P PARATROOPER;
     (ss)  NORINCO SKS;
     (tt)  PARTISAN AVENGER;
     (uu)  SIGARMS SG 550 SP AND SG 551 SP;
     (vv)  SQUIRES BINGHAM M 16;
     (ww)  WILKINSON "TERRY" CARBINE.

     (3)  ANY MODEL OF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING FIREARMS THAT IS A
SEMI-AUTOMATIC FIREARM AND IS A PISTOL OR ANY MODEL OF ANY COPY
OF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING FIREARMS THAT IS A SEMI-AUTOMATIC FIREARM
AND IS A PISTOL:

     (a)  BUSHMASTER AUTO PISTOL;
     (b)  CALICO 100-P AUTO PISTOL;
     (c)  EBCIN NJ-IV, MP-9, AND MP-45;
     (d)  FEATHER MINI-AT;
     (e)  GONCZ HIGH TECH PISTOL'
     (f)  HOLMES MP-83 AND MP-22;
     (g)  INTRATEC TEC-9 AND SCORPION .22;
     (h)  IVER JOHNSON ENFORCER;
     (i)  INGRAM MAC-10 AND MAC-11;
     (j)  MITCHELL ARMS SPECTRE AUTO;
     (k)  SCARAB SKORPION;
     (l)  STERLING MK-7;
     (m)  UZI PISTOL;
     (n)  UNIVERSAL ENFORCER;
     (o)  WILKINSON "LINDA" AUTO PISTOL.
 
     (4)  ANY MODEL OF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING FIREARMS THAT IS A
SEMI-AUTOMATIC FIREARM AND IS A SHOTGUN OR ANY MODEL OF ANY COPY
OF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING FIREARMS THAT IS A SEMI-AUTOMATIC FIREARM
AND IS A SHOTGUN:
 
     (a)  FRANCHI SPAS-12 AND LAW-12;
     (b)  STRIKER 12 AND STREET SWEEPER;
     (c)  BENELLI M1 SUPER 90;
     (d)  MOSSBERG 500 BULLPUP;
     (e)  USAS-12 AUTO SHOTGUN.
 
     Sec. 2923.17.  (A)(1) No person shall knowingly acquire,
have, OR carry any dangerous ordnance.
 
     (2)  NO PERSON SHALL KNOWINGLY USE ANY DANGEROUS ORDNANCE.
     (B)  This section does not apply to ANY OF THE FOLLOWING:
     (1)  Officers, agents, or employees of this or any other
state or the United States, members of the armed forces of the
United States or the organized militia of this or any other
state, and law enforcement officers, to the extent that any such
person is authorized to acquire, have, carry, or use dangerous
ordnance and is acting within the scope of his duties;
     (2)  Importers, manufacturers, dealers, and users of
explosives, having a license or user permit issued and in effect
pursuant to the "Organized Crime Control Act of 1970," 84 Stat.
952, 18 U.S.C. 843, and any amendments or additions TO or
reenactments OF THAT ACT, with respect to explosives and
explosive devices lawfully acquired, possessed, carried, or used
under the laws of this state and applicable federal law;
     (3)  Importers, manufactuers, and dealers having a license
to deal in destructive devices or their ammunition, issued and in
effect pursuant to the "Gun Control Act of 1968," 82 Stat. 1213.
18 U.S.C. 923 and any amendments or additions TO or
reenactments OF THAT ACT, with respect to dangerous
ordnance lawfully acquired, possessed, carried, or used under the
laws of this state and applicable federal law;
     (4)  Persons to whom surplus ordnance has been sold,
loaned, or given by the secretary of the army pursuant to 70A
Stat. 62 and 263, 10 U.S.C. 4684, 4685, 4686, and any
amendments or additions TO or reenactments OF THAT ACT, with
respect to dangerous ordnance when lawfully possessed and used
for the purpose specified in THAT section;
     (5)  Owners of dangerous ordnance registered in the
national firearms registration and transfer record pursuant to
the act of October 22, 1968, 82 Stat.1229, 26 U.S.C. 5841, and
any amendments or additions TO or reenactments OF, and
regulations issued UNDER THE ACT.
     (6)  Carriers, warehousemen, and others engaged in the
business of transporting or storing goods for hire, with respect
to dangerous ordnance lawfully transported or stored in the usual
course of their business and in compliance with the laws of this
state and applicable federal law;
     (7)  The holders of a license or temporary permit issued
and in effect pursuant to section 2923.18 of the Revised Code, 
with respect to dangerous ordnance lawfully acquired, possessed,
carried, or used for the purposes and in the manner specified in
THE license or permit.
     (C)  DIVISION (A)(1) OF THIS SECTION DOES NOT APPLY TO THE
ACQUISITION, HAVING, OR CARRYING OF DANGEROUS ORDNANCE THAT IS A
MILITARY WEAPON IF BOTH OF THE FOLLOWING APPLY:
     (1)  THE PERSON WHO ACQUIRES, HAS, OR CARRIES THE DANGEROUS
ORDNANCE IN QUESTION ACQUIRED IT BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF
THIS AMENDMENT AS A COLLECTOR'S ITEM OR FOR A LEGITIMATE
RESEARCH, SCIENTIFIC, EDUCATIONAL, INDUSTRIAL, OR OTHER PROPER
PURPOSE;
     (2)  NO LATER THAN THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS ON THE SEVENTH DAY
AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AMENDMENT, THE PERSON WHO
ACQUIRED THE DANGEROUS ORDNANCE IN QUESTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH
DIVISION (C)(1) OF THIS SECTION SUBMITTED AN APPLICATION PURSUANT
TO SECTION 2923.181 OF THE REVISED CODE FOR A LICENSE TO HAVE AND
CARRY IT AND THE APPLICATION HAS NOT BEEN DENIED OR A VALID
LICENSE HAS BEEN ISSUED TO THE PERSON.
     (D)  DIVISIONS (A)(1) AND (2) OF THIS SECTION DO NOT APPLY 
TO THE ACQUISITION, HAVING, CARRYING, OR USING OF ANY DANGEROUS
ORDNANCE DESCRIBED IN DIVISION (k)(7) OF SECTION 2923.11 OF THE
REVISED CODE THAT WAS ACQUIRED PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF
THIS AMENDMENT.
     (E)  Whoever violates this section is quilty of unlawful
possession of dangerous ordnance, a AN AGGRAVATED felony of the
FIRST degree.
     Sec. 2923.181.  (A)  ANY PERSON WHO ACQUIRED A MILITARY 
WEAPON BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS SECTION SHALL FILE A
WRITTEN APPLICATION FOR A LICENSE TO HAVE AND CARRY THE MILITARY
WEAPON WITH THE SHERIFF OF THE COUNTY OR SAFETY DIRECTOR OR
POLICE CHIEF OF THE MUNICIPAL CORPORATION WHERE THE APPLICANT
RESIDES OR HAS HIS PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS.  THE APPLICATION
SHALL BE FILED NO LATER THAN THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS ON THE SEVENTH
DAY AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS SECTION AND SHALL BE
ACCOMPANIED BY A FILING FEE OF FIFTY DOLLARS.  THE PERSON SHALL
FILE A SEPARATE APPLICATION AND PAY A SEPARATE FILING FEE FOR
EACH MILITARY WEAPON THAT HE HAS OR INTENDS TO CARRY.  THE
APPLICATION SHALL CONTAIN ALL OF THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION:
     (1)  THE NAME, AGE, ADDRESS, OCCUPATION, AND BUSINESS
ADDRESS OF THE APPLICANT, IF THE APPLICANT IS A NATURAL PERSON,
OR THE NAME, ADDRESS, AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS OF THE
APPLICANT, IF THE APPLICANT IS A CORPORATION;
     (2)   A DESCRIPTION OF THE MILITARY WEAPON FOR WHICH A
LICENSE IS REQUESTED, INCLUDING THE SERIAL NUMBER AND ALL
IDENTIFICATION MARKS;
     (3)  A STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE FOR WHICH THE MILITARY
WEAPON WAS ACQUIRED AND FOR WHICH IT IS TO BE POSSESSED, CARRIED,
OR USED;
     (4)  ANY OTHER INFORMATION THAT THE ISSUING AUTHORITY MAY
REQUIRE IN GIVING EFFECT TO THIS SECTION;
     (5)  THE OATH OF THE APPLICANT THAT THE INFORMATION ON THE
APPLICATION IS TRUE.
     (B)(1)  NO LATER THAN THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS ON THE
FOURTEENTH DAY AFTER AN APPLICATION FOR A LICENSE TO HAVE AND
CARRY A MILITARY WEAPON HAS BEEN FILED UNDER DIVISION (A) OF THIS
SECTION, THE ISSUING AUTHORITY SHALL EITHER APPROVE THE
APPLICATION AND ISSUE A LICENSE TO THE APPLICANT OR DENY THE
APPLICATION AND SEND A LETTER OF DENIAL BY ORDINARY MAIL TO THE
APPLICANT.  AFTER CONDUCTING ANY NECESSARY INVESTIGATION, THE
ISSUING AUTHORITY SHALL ISSUE A LICENSE TO AN APPLICANT WHOM IT
DETERMINES SATISFIES THE FOLLOWING CRITERIA:
     (a)  THE APPLICANT IS TWENTY-ONE YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER, IF
THE APPLICANT IS A NATURAL PERSON;
     (b)  IT APPEARS THAT THE APPLICANT WILL POSSESS AND CARRY
THE MILITARY WEAPON AS A COLLECTOR'S ITEM OR FOR A LEGITIMATE,
SCIENTIFIC, EDUCATIONAL, INDUSTRIAL, OR OTHER PROPER PURPOSE;
     (c)  IT APPEARS THAT THE APPLICANT HAS SUFFICIENT
COMPETENCE TO HAVE AND CARRY THE MILITARY WEAPON AND THAT PROPER
PRECAUTIONS WILL BE TAKEN TO ENSURE THE SECURITY OF THE MILITARY
WEAPON AND THE SAFETY OF PERSONS AND PROPERTY;
     (d)  THE APPLICANT OTHERSWISE IS NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW FROM
HAVING OR CARRYING DANGEROUS ORDNANCE.
     (2)  A LICENSE ISSUED PURSUANT TO DIVISION (B)(1) OF THIS
SECTION SHALL BE VALID FOR ONE YEAR AFTER THE DATE OF ITS
ISSUANCE.  THE LICENSE SHALL BE RENEWED PURSUANT TO DIVISION   
(C) OF THIS SECTION.
     (C)(1)  EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN DIVISION (C)(3) OF THIS
SECTION, ANY PERSON WHO IS ISSUED A LICENSE UNDER DIVISION (B)(1)
OF THIS SECTION SHALL RENEW THE LICENSE BY FILING AN APPLICATION
FOR RENEWAL BY REGULAR MAIL WITH THE SHERIFF OF THE COUNTY OR THE
SAFETY DIRECTOR OR POLICE CHIEF OF THE MUNICIPAL CORPORATION WHO
WAS THE ISSUING AUTHORITY OF THE LICENSE.  AN APPLICATION FOR
RENEWAL SHALL BE FILED ANNUALLY NO LATER THAN ONE YEAR AFTER THE
DATE ON WHICH THE LICENSE WAS ISSUED OR LAST RENEWED.
     (2)  EACH SHERIFF AND EACH SAFETY DIRECTOR AND PEACE OFFICER
OF A MUNICIPAL CORPORATION SHALL MAKE AVAILABLE APPLICATIONS FOR
THE RENEWAL OF A LICENSE ISSUED UNDER DIVISION (B)(1) OF THIS
SECTION.  IN THE APPLICATION THE APPLICANT, UNDER OATH, SHALL
UPDATE THE INFORMATION SUBMITTED IN THE PREVIOUS APPLICATION FOR
A LICENSE OR THE RENEWAL OF A LICENSE.
     THE APPLICATION FOR THE RENEWAL OF A LICENSE SHALL BE
ACCOMPANIED BY A FEE OF FIVE DOLLARS.  THE APPLICANT SHALL FILE A
SEPERATE APPLICATION FOR RENEWAL AND PAY A SEPERATE RENEWAL FEE
FOR EACH MILITARY WEAPON THAT HE INTENDS TO CONTINUE TO HAVE AND
CARRY.
     (3)  A PERSON WHO HAS CHANGED HIS RESIDENCE OR PRINCIPAL
PLACE OF BUSINESS TO A LOCATION OUTSIDE OF THE JURISDICTION OF
THE ISSUING AUTHORITY SUBSEQUENT TO THE ISSUANCE OR RENEWAL OF A
LICENSE UNDER THIS SECTION SHALL RENEW HIS LICENSE BY FILING AN
APPLICATION IN THE MANNER PRESCRIBED BY DIVISION (A) OF THIS
SECTION WITH THE SHERIFF OF THE COUNTY OR THE SAFETY DIRECTOR OR
POLICE CHIEF OF THE MUNICIPAL CORPORATION WHERE HE THEN RESIDES
OR HAS HIS PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS.  WHEN MAKING AN
APPLICATION TO RENEW A LICENSE AFTER A CHANGE IN RESIDENCE OR
PLACE OF BUSINESS, THE APPLICANT SHALL GIVE NOTICE OF THE CHANGE
OF ADDRESS BY REGULAR MAIL TO THE ORIGINAL ISSUING AUTHORITY FOR
THE LICENSE AND THE STATE FIRE MARSHALL ON NOTIFICATION FORMS
PRESCRIBED BY THE SHERIFF, SAFETY DIRECTOR, OR POLICE CHIEF FROM
WHOM HE SEEKS RENEWAL.
     (D)  A LICENSE TO HAVE AND CARRY A MILITARY WEAPON SHALL
IDENTIFY THE PERSON TO WHOM IT IS ISSUED, IDENTIFY THE MILITARY
WEAPON FOR WHICH IT IS ISSUED, STATE THE PURPOSE IDENTIFIED IN
DIVISION (B)(1)(b) OF THIS SECTION FOR WHICH THE MILITARY WEAPON
WILL BE POSSESSED AND CARRIED, STATE ITS EXPIRATION DATE, AND
LIST ALL RESTRICTIONS ON THE HAVING OR CARRYING OF THE MILITARY
WEAPON AS PRESCRIBED BY THE LAWS OF THIS STATE AND APPLICABLE
FEDERAL LAW.
     (E)  ANY PERSON WHO IS ISSUED A LICENSE TO HAVE AND CARRY A 
MILITARY WEAPON UNDER THIS SECTION AND WHO CHANGES HIS ADDRESS
SHALL NOTIFY THE ISSUING AUTHORITY OF THE CHANGE OF HIS ADDRESS
NO LATER THAN NINETY DAYS AFTER THE CHANGE HAS OCCURRED.
     (F)  THE ISSUING AUTHORITY SHALL FORWARD TO THE STATE FIRE
MARSHALL A COPY OF EACH LICENSE ISSUED OR RENEWED UNDER THIS
SECTION.  THE STATE FIRE MARSHALL SHALL KEEP A PERMANENT FILE OF
ALL LICENSES ISSUED OR RENEWED UNDER THIS SECTION.
     (G)  THE ISSUING AUTHORITY SHALL CAUSE EACH APPLICATION FEE
OF FIFTY DOLLARS, FILED UNDER DIVISION (A) OF THIS SECTION, TO BE
DEPOSITED IN THE GENERAL FUND OF THE COUNTY OR MUNCIPAL
CORPORATION SERVED BY THE ISSUING AUTHORITY.  THE ISSUING
AUTHORITY SHALL CAUSE TWO DOLLARS AND FIFTY CENTS OF EACH RENEWAL
FEE, FILED UNDER DIVISION (C) OF THIS SECTION, TO BE DEPOSITED IN
THE GENERAL FUND OF THE COUNTY OR MUNICIPAL CORPORATION SERVED BY
THE ISSUING AUTHORITY AND SHALL SEND TWO DOLLARS AND FIFTY CENTS
OF EACH RENEWAL FEE TO THE TREASURER OF STATE FOR DEPOSIT IN THE
STATE TREASURY TO THE CREDIT OF THE GENERAL REVENUE FUND.
     (H)  WHOEVER VIOLATES DIVISION (A) OF THIS SECTION IS
GUILTY OF FAILING TO APPLY FOR THE LICENSURE OF A MILITARY
WEAPON, A FELONY OF THE FOURTH DEGREE.  WHOEVER VIOLATES DIVISION
(C) OF THIS SECTION IS GUILTY OF FAILING TO APPLY FOR RENEWAL OF
A LICENSE FOR A MILITARY WEAPON, A MISDEMEANOR OF THE FIRST
DEGREE.
     (I)  A MILITARY WEAPON THAT IS NOT LICENSED AS REQUIRED BY
THIS SECTION IS CONTRABAND, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2901.01 OF THE
REVISED CODE AND IS SUBJECT TO FORFEITURE UNDER SECTION 2933.43
OF THE  REVISED CODE.
     SEC. 2933.20.  (A)  No person shall DO ANY OF THE
FOLLOWING:
     (1)  IMPORT, MANUFACTURE, POSSESS FOR SALE, SELL, OR
FURNISH TO ANY PERSON ANY MILITARY WEAPON;
     (2)  Recklessly sell, lend, give, or furnish any firearm to
any person prohibited by section 2923.13 or 2923.15 of the
Revised Code from acquiring or using any firearm, or recklessly
sell, lend, give, or furnish any dangerous ordnance to any person
prohibited by section 2923.13, 2923.15, or 2923.17 of the Revised
Code from acquiring or using any dangerous ordnance;
     (3)  Possess any firearm or dangerous ordnance with
purpose to dispose of it in violation of division (A) of this
section;
     (4)  Manufacture, possess for sale, sell, or furnish to
any person other than a law enforcement agency for authorized use
in police work, any brass knuckles, cestus, billy, blackjack,
sandbag, switchblade knife, springblade knife, gravity knife, or
similar weapon;
     (5)  When transferring any dangerous ordnance to
another, negligently fail to require the transferes to exhibit
ANY identification, license, or permit showing him to be
authorized to acquire dangerous ordnance pursuant to section
2923.17 of the Revised Code, or negligently fail to take a
complete record of the transaction and forthwith forward a copy
of THE record to the sheriff of the county or safety
director or police chief of the municipality where the
transaction takes place;
     (6)  Knowingly fail to report to law enforcement
authorities forthwith the loss or theft of any firearm or
dangerous ordnance in such person's possession or under his
control.
     (b)  Whoever violates this section is quilty of unlawful
transactions in weapons.  Violation of division (A)(1) OF THIS
SECTION IS AN AGGRAVATED FELONY OF THE FIRST DEGREE.  VIOLATION
OF DIVISION (A)(2) OR (3) Oof this section is a felony of the
third degree.  Violation of division (A) (4) OR (5) of this
section is a misdemeanor of the second degree.  Violation of
division (6) of this section is a midemeanor of the fourth
degree.
     Section 2.  That existing section 2923.11, 2923.17 and
2923.20 of the Revised Code are hereby repealed.
     Section 3.  This act is hereby declared to be an emergency
measure necessary for the immediate preservation of the public
peace, health, and safety.  The reason for this necessity is that
with immediate action, this act will prohibit the continued
purchase, possession, and use of military weapons and as a result
will ameliorate a substantial threat of death and injury to the
public caused by the misuse of improper use of these weapons.
Therefore, this act shall go into immediate effect.
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54216
From: gaucher@sam.cchem.berkeley.edu
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

In article <1993Apr18.000152.2339@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>You are loosing.
         ^^^^^^^
>There is no question about it. 
 
You can't spell. There is no question about it.

>Of those who vote, your cause is considered an abomination. No matter
>how hard you try, public opinion is set against the RKBA. 
 
We must be reading different public opinion polls. I agree that the
misguided public would like to see assault weapons banned (mainly because
they are being lied to by the media about the frequency of their use
in violent crime ... ~1%), but if public opinion were so dead-set
against the RKBA you can bet that idiots like Metzenbaum and Schumer
would be seeing their foolish bills getting passed through Congress
a LOT easier than they are. And as governments go broke and can no
longer protect their citizens you can bet that the American people
will start to really appreciate the usefulness of firearms. Contrary 
to what you might think, time is probably on OUR side, not YOURS.

>This is the end. By the finish of the Clinton administration, your
>RKBA will be null and void. Tough titty.
 
Yeah, right. Don't hold your breath. My condolences on the discovery
of uncomfortable resilience in your mammary glands, but this has nothing
to do with the issue at hand.

... ridiculous tripe deleted ...
 
>The press is against you, the public (the voting public) is against
>you, the flow of history is against you ... this is it !
 
Yeah, the liberal press doesn't like us much, but you can't really
expect coherent thought from them anyway. Their opinions are based
more on a desire to appear politically correct than on facts (which
are generously provided by the FBI, if they'd bother to put on their
Birkenstocks and go to the library to read them). Most of my friends
are anti-gun, and without exception NONE of them bases his/her opinions
on facts. They would rather believe (despite all evidence to the
contrary) that disarming law-abiding citizens would make the world
more civilized, when all it really does is make us all sheep. They 
would rather wallow in their pitiful liberal white guilt about how
society has driven the criminal to rob, rape, and murder. They 
support spending millions of public dollars protecting the rights of scum
who have already demonstrated that they have no regard for society
or its laws. They ignore the fact that areas with the strictest gun
control (NYC,DC) have the worst crime and areas with little gun
control (VT,NH,ID) have very little crime in comparison. But they
have to ignore this because otherwise they would need to confront
the fact that law-abiding citizens who own guns are not the ones that
are causing most of the trouble in society. Oh no, we certainly can't
accept that! But I guess I have faith that when crime starts making
significant inroads into their neighborhoods and starts directly
hurting them and their families, they will probably whistle a different
tune. They just better hope it isn't too late then.

>Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect
>them. Resistance is useless. They will overwhelm you - one at a time.
 
Hmmm. I wasn't expecting company tonight. I might be able to whip
up a quick cheese and cracker plate, but they should probably bring
their own drinks. Do I have time to vacuum the rug?

>Too fucking bad. You have gone the way of the KKK. Violent solutions
>are passe'. Avoid situations which encourage criminals. Then you will
>be as safe as possible. Such as it is ...

I'm glad you ended the posting here. Your medication seems to have
worn off ...

-----------------------------------------------------------
Lee Gaucher    NRA               | My opinions.
gaucher@sam.cchem.berkeley.edu   | No one else's.
-----------------------------------------------------------



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54217
From: Seth Adam Eliot <se08+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD - GOOD !

Excerpts from netnews.talk.politics.guns: 18-Apr-93 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD -
GOOD ! by jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu 
> Yea, there are millions of cases where yoy *say* that firearms
> 'deter' criminals. Alas, this is not provable. I think that that
> there are actually *few* cases where this is so. 

excerpted from a letter I wrote a while ago:

     Although less apparent to those who have not researched
the facts, personal protection is as legitimate a reason  as
sport for the private citizen to own a gun.  The most recent
research  is  that  of Dr. Gary Kleck of the  Florida  State
University  School of Criminology.1  He found that  handguns
are  more  often  used by victims to defeat  crime  than  by
criminals to commit it (645,000 vs. 580,000 respectively  in
this  study).  These figures are even more encouraging  when
you  consider the number of crimes that never occur  because
of  the  presence  of a gun in the hands  of  a  law-abiding
private  citizen.  In a National Institute of Justice  study
of  ten state prisons across the country they found that 39%
of  the  felons  surveyed had aborted  at  least  one  crime
because  they believed that the intended victim was  armed.,
and  57% agreed that "most criminals are more worried  about
meeting an armed victim than they are about running into the
police."2
     One  of the most heinous of crimes is that against  the
women  of  this country.  It has been my recent  observation
that  more  women  are purchasing handguns  for  defense  in
response  to  the  present danger of these  assaults.   This
should be taken as encouraging news if the events of Orlando
Florida  are any indicator.  In the late 1960's  the  female
populace was plagued with a series of brutal assaults;  just
the  publicity of the record number of women buying guns and
obtaining training resulted in an 88% decrease in  rape  for
that  area,  the  only city of its size in  the  country  to
experience a decrease of crime for that year.  Additionally,
a 1979 US Justice Department study of 32,000 attempted rapes
showed  that overall, when rape is attempted, the completion
rate  is 36%. But when a woman defends herself with  a  gun,
the completion rate drops to 3%.
 
1 G Kleck, Point Blank: Guns and Violence in America Aldine
de Gruyter, NY, 1991
2 JD Wright & PH Rossi Armed and Considered Dangerous:  A
Survey of Felons and Their Firearms, Aldine de Gruyter, NY,
1986
-------

__________________________________________________________________________
[unlike cats] dogs NEVER scratch you when you wash them. They just
become very sad and try to figure out what they did wrong. -Dave Barry
           
Seth Eliot                    Dept of Material Science and Engineering
                              Carnegie Mellon Univerity,   Pittsburgh, PA
ARPA    :eliot+@cmu.edu       |------------------------------------------
   or    se08+@andrew.cmu.edu |
Bitnet:  se08%andrew@cmccvb   |      
------------------------------|

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54218
From: tnyurkiw@descartes.uwaterloo.ca (TN)
Subject: definition of 2nd


	The debate over the Second Amendment rages on.
Arguments continue over what a "well-regulated militia"
is and what TRKBA means in practical terms.  However, the
ONLY authority in this area, is a binding court decision
on the matter.  Even a decision in this area is subject to
an overturning by a higher court.  Is there anyone who
has the facts of a legal precedent, preferably a Supreme
Court decision on the specific meaning of the 2nd Amendment?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54220
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: CNN for sale

In article <93106.21394634AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
|In article <2001.150.uupcb@yob.sccsi.com>, jim.wray@yob.sccsi.com (Jim Wray)
|says:
|>
|> Bill Vojak:
|>
|> BV>I read in the paper yestarday that Ted Turner wants to "trim" down
|> BV>his media holdings and is putting CNN up for sale.  The #1 potential
|> BV>bidder?  TIME/Warner of course.  Sigh . . . . . Just what we need. :-(
|>
|> Maybe now's the time for us, the NRA, GOA, CCRTKBA, SAF, et al to band
|> together and buy CNN as *our* voice. Wouldn't that be sumpin....broadcast
|> the truth for a change and be able to air a favorable pro-gun item or two...
|>
|I would like to see this happen. I don't think it will. I don't
|think the average gun-owner will take any notice of what is happening
|until they break down HIS door.
|
|BUT I will go on record publicly to the effect that I will contribute a
|minimum of $1,000.00 to the buy-out fund if it can be organized and made
|viable. Anybody else want to put their money where their mouth is?  :)
|There ar 50+ MILLION gun owners out there. If - and it's a big and
|not very realistic if - we got hold of CNN, the anti-gun bullshit would
|STOP RIGHT THERE. Why won't it happen - because nobody will get off their
|ass and MAKE it happen. Nuts.

I will join the ranks here.  If someone has the ability to actually put this
thing together and get enough support, I'll also contribute $1000 to the 
effort.  And jeeze, people, I'm a *student*, with *no job* yet, and I will
put up my own hard-earned savings if it means we have a shot at getting
the truth told on the airwaves.  Count me in.

Mike Ruff
-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54221
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

reimer@uinpla.npl.uiuc.edu (Paul E. Reimer) writes:
|There are a lot of automobile accidents, but atleast there is some
|regulation to try to combat this.  When I got my drivers license, I HAD
|to take a drivers safety class.  I HAVE to be licensed to drive.  My car
|MUST be registered.  I MUST (at least where I live) have liability
|insurance on both myself driving and my car (if someone else had an
|accident with it).  Hmm, wouldn't manditory saftey classes, registration
|of both the owner and gun, and manditory liability insurance be nice for
|gun owners.

As I'm sure others will have pointed out to you by now, none of the above
measures are required for you *on your own property*.  You do not have to
have a license, your car does not have to be registered or inspected, and
you do not have to have insurance or safety training classes, when you own
and operate that vehicle on your own premises.  If you are going to make use
of this dubious analogy, at least make it accurate.  And by the way, in Texas
you can drive a car in public (with the proper credentials), but an ordinary
civilian can't carry a gun legally in public to save his/her life.

So I won't even consider registration, *manadatory* safety classes, or
*manadatory* liability insurance unless I get a federal law repealing
all local, state, and federal gun control laws which abridge the Second
Amendment, and a non-discretionary federal weapons carry permit, good
anywhere in the United States.  Come on, you wanted the analogy.


Mike Ruff
-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54222
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
:You are loosing.

"Loosing"?  Well, I'll avoid the spelling flames and see if this person
can make up for it.


:There is no question about it. 

Oh, there's LOTS of question about it.  People are becoming more aware each
day that their rights are being threatened, so much so that NRA membership 
is growing at the rate of nearly 2,000 per *day*.  We are slowly gaining
our rightful voice, despite the biases, prejudices, and veiled motives of
the liberal media and anti-gun politicians.  We will win.

:Of those who vote, your cause is considered an abomination. No matter
:how hard you try, public opinion is set against the RKBA. 

What do you base this on?  Some highly-skewed poll conducted by NBC News?
The same group who faked GM pickup explosions just to make "news"?  Right.

:This is the end. By the finish of the Clinton administration, your
:RKBA will be null and void. Tough titty.

It is true that we face even greater obstacles to our rights, betrayed by
those lying politicians who swear an oath to protect the Constitution "from
all enemies, both foreign and domestic."  But the People will take only so
many lies and deceits.

:You had better discover ways to make do without firearms. The number of
:cases of firearms abuses has ruined your cause. There is nothing you
:can do about it. Those who live by the sword shall die by it. 

Then the criminals who live by murder shall die by it.  Honest, law-abiding
citizens need have no fear on that count.  You, however, will evidently
die by (or at least in) ignorance.  And the number of firearms self-defenses
shall spell out our ultimate victory.

:The press is against you, the public (the voting public) is against
:you, the flow of history is against you ... this is it !

The flow of history was against the Founding Fathers, but they managed to 
successfully form the first real free republic on the face of this planet,
a republic that has become the model for all others to follow.  The press
is against us, for its own selfish motivations.  And the people will soon
realize the depths of deceit being spread by that media, and nullify its
ill-directed power.  The People are with us.

:Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect
:them. Resistance is useless. They will overwhelm you - one at a time.
:Your neighbors will not help you. They will consider you more if an
:immediate threat than the abstract 'criminal'. 

I shall never submit to an illegal, unConstitutional police state.  I will
take my own vow to uphold the Constitution, and I shall defend it and my
country against a tyrannical government gone mad, should it become
necessary.

:Too fucking bad. You have gone the way of the KKK. Violent solutions
:are passe'. Avoid situations which encourage criminals. Then you will
:be as safe as possible. Such as it is ...

I will not be your sacrificial sheep, and I shall not bow down to you or
anyone else who seeks to control my life.  Being an unarmed target is the
SUREST way of encouraging criminals, and believe me, I shall avoid it as
much as possible.  Then I shall be as safe as possible.  I will answer
with violence only when no other option exists, but I shall surely answer.

Mike Ruff



-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54223
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD - GOOD !

jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
:Yea, there are millions of cases where yoy *say* that firearms
:'deter' criminals. Alas, this is not provable. I think that that
:there are actually *few* cases where this is so. 

You "think" wrong.  Ask the FBI.  They've got the proof.  Look it up.

:The bulk of firarems are used against unworthy and unnesessary
:opponents ... those who posessa a cool jakcet you want, those who
:would argue with you about a parking space, those who would
:take your woman. In short, trivial and worthless causes.

You lie like a snake.  The "vast majority" of the 200 MILLION firearms
in this country are never used in anger.  Your feelings notwithstanding.

:Too much of this has ruined you cause. There is no recovery. 
:In the near future, federal martials will come for your arms.
:No one will help you. You are more dangerous, to their thinking,
:than the 'criminal'. This is your own fault. 

We will overcome the kind of blind, pig-headed, utterly stupid idiocy that
you and others spout in a vain attempt to further your own agendas.  We
will make the truth be known, despite your best efforts to the contrary.

:The 2nd amendment is dead. Accept this. Find another way.

The Second Amendment won't be dead unless it is repealed.  That won't happen.

EVER.

Accept this.  Find another way to try and control other's lives, because we
see you for what you are, and we are not fooled.

Mike Ruff



-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54224
From: pspod@hooch.lerc.nasa.gov (Steve Podleski)
Subject: Re: With Friends Like These -- L. Neil Smith

papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod) writes:
>...
>Some guns will get through, but far fewer, and far less people will
>die because of them.  

Do you have any statistical evidence to back you claim that requires another
limitation of the citizenry freedom?
-- 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Steve Podleski			|     phone: 216-433-4000
NASA Lewis Research Center     	|    
Cleveland, Ohio  44135         	|     email: pspod@hooch.lerc.nasa.gov 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54225
From: HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In <1r0qk5INNc5m@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com writes:

> In article <C5rynw.Iz8@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
> writes:
> > I balance my gut reaction to question authority together with the 
> > independent facts as I see them on video.  I usually adopt the 
> > scenario that is simplest and most plausible.  I do not generally 
> > believe in conspiracy theories that involve complicated and unlikely 
> > scenarios.
> > 
> Then answer the question:  Why was NO ONE ELSE permitted to talk to Koresh, 

  Koresh had a lawyer, Deguin(?) who he spoke to in person several times during
the last few weeks. 

> It cannot be denied that if they had left them alone, there would have been 
>no fire yesterday.

  This strikes me as a tad ingenous.  "If X had done/note done Y, then Z would
never have happened."  I tend to place tha responsibility on the group/person
actually committing the act, not on those whon "forced them to do it".

  After all, to take an extreme example, if the British were not in Northern
Ireland, the IRA would not be forced to place bombs in shopping centers.

  That said, this whole sorry story was a totally unecessary, utterly fucked
up mess from the get go.

semper fi,

Jammer Jim Miller 
Texas A&M University '89 and '91
________________________________________________________________________________
 I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
"Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing System."
 "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
      ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54226
From: kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead)
Subject: Letter to the President

Here's a copy of a letter I'm e-mailing to the Slickster at
his address of 75300.3115@compuserve.com:

____________________________________________________________________________

To: William J. Clinton
    President of the United States of America

Mr. President:

I am writing to express my utter outrage at the conduct of various
government agencies in regards to the tragedy in Waco.  I DEMAND
the dismissal or resignation of Lloyd Bensen, Secretary of the Treasury,
who bears responsibility for the initial helicopter and grenade attack 
by the ATF against the Branch Davidians, and of Janet Reno, who authorized 
the final assault on the very day that we were commemorating the Warsaw
ghetto revolt.  And I would truly appreciate it if you would make
sure something like this never happens again on your watch.

Respectfully yours,

Kenneth D. Whitehead

___________________________________________________________________________


Get involved, gang.  It's your Republic.  Let's take it back.


**************************************************************************
*   I will be much more willing to believe the Government's side of the  *
*   Waco story AFTER we are allowed to hear from the survivors.  So far, *
*   all we've gotten has been censored by the very people who have the   *
*   most to cover up.  And I'd REALLY like to know how they got the      *
*   press, who complained so loudly about being kept off the front lines *
*   during the Gulf War, be such obedient lap dogs in Waco...  Kind of   *
*   makes me wonder if this so-called "freedom of the press" isn't       *
*   highly overrated.                                                    *
**************************************************************************
Ken Whitehead (kdw@odin.icd.ab.com)







Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54227
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: Insane Gun-toting Wackos Unite!!!

In article <1576@heimdall.sdrc.com> crrob@sony1.sdrc.com (Rob Davis) writes:
> Do you know how many deaths each year are caused by self-inflicted gun-
> shot wounds by people wearing thigh holsters?

No, but I have several other breakdowns of accidental shootings.
I've never seen one that specifically provides the info that Davis insists
that he has, so I'd love to have a cite.

>If you fall, for example,
> and land on the handgun or cause a sudden blow, the gun will discharge.

Wrong.  There's one gun design where that can happen, and it is
supposed to be carried with the hammer over an unloaded chamber.
(Cocking the gun turns the cylinder so that a loaded cylinder is under
the hammer.  In other words, it can be usefully carried in a safe
manner.)  Other handgun designs don't have that property; if their
trigger isn't pulled, the hammer can't hit the firing pin.

> The number of people killed in this manner far outweighs the number of
> deaths caused by animal attacks or "wacko" attacks combined.

The breakdowns that I do have include the above category.  From them I
can safely say that if Davis is right in ALL of his claims, a large
negative number of people are killed by animals, because we know that
the number of killings by wackos is reasonably large and that the
number of accidents due to gun failures (which is a superset of the
described circumstance) is near zero.

>I can find the figures if you don't believe me.

Please do.  Include a cite for those of us who like looking at
context.  Make sure that your source excludes other types of
accidents and suicides that are misreported.  ("Gun cleaning
accident" is police-speak for "the family needs the insurance
money.")

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54228
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Re: "Proper gun control?" What is proper gun control?


|in L.A., the first recorded survivor of a .357 shot to the heart.  That
|lady not only killed her attacker, but chased him down to do it!  All
|four of her shots, fired after SHE had been shot, struck the perp.  Atta
|girl!  The bullet entered her on a downward angle, went through the apex
|of her heart, down through the diaphragm, clipped her liver and
|destroyed her spleen.  It then exited her back leaving a tennis ball
|sized hole.  She died about six times on the operating table, but was
|out of the hospital in 15 days and was back on full duty in eight
|months!  She was off duty at the time and not wearing her vest.  She was
|on her way home so happened to have her gun.  No, she doesn't think
|civilians should have the same rights.  Sigh.

Well, if police think they are so special that only _THEY_ are worthy
of self-defense, perhaps we start putting the arm on police; maybe
we should start demanding that police are only police when ON-DUTY,
that after that they are just like the ordinary disarmed helpless
chumps they consider "civilians."

Let's prohibit arms carrying by police when off-duty. Or, if they make
the assertion that "Well, I need to maintain my gun" let's make it
regulation that they can carry an UNLOADED firearm home, that it's
only fair that they be just as helpless as poor schmuck coming home
from his computer operator job...

NRA Director/ex-San Jose cop Leroy Pyle states in the latest SWAT
magazine that anti-cops better watch out for this schism between
RKBA folks and the police. He asks the rhetorical question of 'What
if what's left of the gun lobby starts demanding the disarmament
of the police?"

Well, I guess anti-gun cops who think only they should be armed,
along with the wealthy and politically connected, should be made
to realize that screwing can cut in ways they have yet to imagine.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54229
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

In article <1993Apr14.221646.2332@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu>, jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:

> >        You might have missed the U.S. News & World Report excerpt
> > I posted.  It is fairly consistant with other such polls, finding
> > that approximately 40-50% of households have at least one firearm.

> 	OK ... a near-majority actually OWN firearms, but I will still
> 	claim that the VAST majority never needs to use them or even
> 	threaten anyone with them.

500,000 to 1,000,000 self-defense incidents a YEAR doesn't count with you?

>       What do they do right ... or are
> 	they just lucky ? 

Maybe they're just UNLUCKY.  If a rapist pulls a woman into an alley
in Boston, chances are almost certain that she won't be counted 
as one of those self-defenders because our local constabulary didn't
consider it important that she be allowed to arm herself.  Even though
the shotgun she owns at home makes her show up in the "gun owner" column.

>       In either case, this means the 'average
> 	threat level' in this country is rather low. 

Ironic words for somebody who lives in Florida.  The "average threat
level" in Florida has been REDUCED by a liberal CCW policy.  It's well
known that your local thugs like to target tourists precisely because 
they are less likely to be carrying than your natives.  Come on up to
Boston, or NYC, or Washington DC, and see how much diddlysquat the 
"average threat level in the country" means to a resident there.

> 	I think you have weapons on the brain. I never said that these
> 	alternative means of self-protection involved any hardware.
> 	Why are 'good' neighborhoods 'good' ? It isn't because every
> 	person is armed to the teeth. It is because of (1) attitude
> 	and (2) cooperation. In the 'good' neighborhoods, the residents
> 	make themselves aware of their neighbors and notice when
> 	strangers are lurking around. 'Good' neighborhoods form groups
> 	like 'crime-watch' to increase this effect, and the relative
> 	effectiveness of the police. When hostiles are arrested, the
> 	good neighbors step up and say "THAT'S the one officer ! He
> 	was robbing Mr. Jones' house". 

Sometimes this works.  Sometimes it just lands your good neighbors 
on the dance card for the next wave of drive-bys.  Someone here once
told a story about LA gangs moving into Phoenix.  I've misplaced the
original text, but the story started with one resident calling the 
cops on a gang member.  Sure enough, a few nights later, there was a 
drive-by performed at the resident's house.  Except that this time,
unlike in LA, the entire street came out and returned fire, putting
an end to the car's occupants.  The gang packed up and left.

Of course, in LA, or in a place like Florida after the hurricane,
your first problem is to FIND an officer to step up to and tell
anything.

> 	In short, the alternative to firepower is gangs ... or at
> 	least a benificent manifestation of that social cooperative.
> 	Replace lead with flesh ... the flesh makes a better
> 	conversationalist too and you can invite it over for a
> 	block party. 

Look, nobody is arguing this.  I have a fire extinguisher at home.  
That doesn't mean I can be careless about tossing my burnt matches 
on the carpet.  I live carefully, monitor the woodstove, get my flue
cleaned twice a year, and test my smoke alarms annually.  But if --
DESPITE all this -- a fire does start, it's too late for any of
these things EXCEPT the extinguisher.

> >        But legality and legitimacy also matter.  If a government's charter
> > makes a rule, which the government then violates, it is violated the
> > basis for its existance.  Enforcement of its will becomes a matter
> > solely of force of arms.
> 
> 	Oliver North. The man is positively worshiped in many
> 	all-American 'conservative' quarters. He and Big Ron
> 	set-up a secret government and did all sorts of severely
> 	illegal deeds - the kind of stuff you and I would be doing
> 	twenty-to-life for, yet he walks free. This BS happens all
> 	the time. In fact, it happens so much that no one really
> 	cares anymore.  'Legitimacy' is a non-issue. Legality is
> 	a non-issue. So long as we get T-bones and our MTV, who
> 	gives a rats ass ? 

You seem to be agreeing with your opponent.  You can't trust your
government to protect you from abusers and violators -- white-collar,
blue-collar, epauletted, or tank-shirted.  Ultimately, no one has the
power to enforce your "rights" but you.  Unless you've given up that 
power.

> 	No. I claimed that no one is interested in the statistical
> 	aspects of the argument. Pure emotion, like the abortion issue.

Too many people fit that category, that is true.  Some of us like to
believe that they are uninterested in the facts behind the case for gun 
ownership because they've been conditioned to believe that there AREN'T 
any.  You seem content to underestimate the electorate; I'm willing to
try to raise their consciousness.

> 	Argue away ... you can't win. 

I think we can.

HCI was founded in what, 1980?  In the mid-80's, they ran a "One 
Million Strong!" campaign for two years before reaching this goal.  
My understanding is that they "reached" it by the stratagem of including
wide classes of people other than dues-paying members.  (I can't speak
authoritatively on this -- maybe somebody else has details.)  Then they
started running a "Two Million Strong!" campaign for a while -- but they
let it slip into unannounced obscurity when it became clear that they
simply were never going to reach that level of membership.

In 1964, just after the commencement of the Dodd Hearings -- the starting
point of the modern gun-control movement, the NRA had a mere 625,000 members.  
By 1968, barely after the first murmurs of future registration, it had 
about a million.  Today, it has over three million members, making it the
third largest membership organization in the country (next to AARP and AAA).
And its membership is GROWING FASTER than at any previous time.  (Historical
figures from Kukla's "Gun Control," pp. 61 and 420.)

As you say, many of the people in the middle of this debate are bemused
by their T-bones and MTV.  That leaves hard-core gun-owners against 
hard-core gun banners.

I know a number of ex-HCI members who have recently become NRA members.
I've never heard of a single one who has gone the other way.

Yes, I think we can and will win this one.

> 	Firearms-related mindless mayhem will be related to the
> 	availibility of firearms. If they become scarce and 
> 	and expensive, a different psychology will take hold.
> 	I *think* they would be used far less to settle trivial
> 	complaints. 

I think they would be used far less to hammer nails, as well, but,
like you, I can't give any citation showing that this utilization is
CURRENTLY significant at more than an anecdotal level.  If you can, 
I'm waiting.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54230
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: Clinton wants National ID card, aka USSR-style "Internal Passport"

In article <1993Apr14.175931.66210@cc.usu.edu> slp9k@cc.usu.edu writes:
>> (BTW - Which parts should be secure?  Criminal
>> records, ie convictions, are typically considered public information,
>> so should that info be secure?  Remember, the population includes
>> parents checking prospective childcare worker.)
>
>	Like I said, I'm not sure of the details.  But it seems to me that you
>could access medical information without giving out a name, or any other
>information.

Medical info without a name/body attached is completely useless for
treatment.

>The article I mentioned the the earlier post described a debit
>card type transaction in which neither the store nor the BANK, knew who was
>withdrawing the money.

Thus making it as secure as cash, for some purposes, but far less
secure for others.

>	Parent's checking a babysitter shouldn't need access to the information
>stored in the card.

Sure they do.  The prospective sitter may have a nasty habit of molesting
kids three or four months into the job.  The references may not have
known him long enough or may not have picked up on this yet.

Remember, criminal conviction info is public, so if you're going to
argue for an ID card, other people are going to have a strong argument
that it disclose public info.

>things.  I think anything that you choose to keep unknown should be.

Thus making it useless for negative information.

>could have it so that only doctors can access medical information, police
>criminal records etc etc.

Yeah right.  How are you going to keep doctors from spilling the
beans?  (We already know that you can't keep cops from disclosing
info, but at least that info is typically supposed to be public
anyway.)

>	Like I said, it's best if you read the article for yourself.

The article discusses technology, not appropriate policy.  It also
fails to deal with "what happens if the folks with the secrets blab".

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54231
From: jaf@a2.cim.cdc.com (James Foster x2912)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1qie2rINN1b9@cae.cad.gatech.edu>, vincent@cad.gatech.edu (Vincent Fox) writes:
|> In <93104.173826U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
|> [deleted]
|> []       And as far as fully-automatic weapons, you can be a lot better
|> []armed if you want to hit what you aim at.
|> []
|> >What seems to be happening here is the situation getting totally blown out of
|> >proportion.  In my post I was referring to your regular patrolman in a car
|> >cruising around the city vs. gang members.  Of course the police have access
|> >to the things that you mentioned but do they use tanks and such all of the
|> >time?  Of course they don't and that's the point I was trying to make.  Every
|> >day when I go out to lunch I always see cops coming in.  The majority that I
|> >see are still carrying revolvers.  Not that there is anything wrong with a
|> >revolver but if you're a cop that is up against some gang member with a couple
|> >of automatics in his coat (I mean semi-auto handguns) you're going to be at a
|> >disadvantage even with training.  I have been at a shooting range where gang
|> >gang members were "practicing" shooting.  They were actually practicing
|> >taking out their guns as quick as possible and shooting at the target
|> >and they weren't doing too badly either.   The University cops here (who are
|> >are state cops) are armed better than the Chicago police.  It seems most
|> >state cops are.

Every city and suburban police officer I've seen around the Twin Cities in the
last two years has carried a semi-auto of some type (different brands though
I haven't seen any Glock's). 

With regard to this discussion:  We are getting dangerously far from the usual
rantings of t.p.g, and close to the realm of r.g, but I'd like to put my two
cents worth in.  While there's nothing wrong with a revolver (especially a 
large frame S&W in .357 magnum - my favorite) there are valid advantages to
semi-autos.  I suggest reading Massad Ayoob's (I know, some people can't stand
him and think he's full of bull, but I think that in general his material is
very valid and useful) book _The Semi Auto Pistol in Police Work_ (or something 
like that).  He defines a number of ways that semi-auto's are different, and that
"different is good".  The main advantage is not in increased firepower, but in 
more accurate followup shots when you go to single action mode.  There is also a
certain "propriatory nature" of each gun that takes some familiarity to 
learn.  This may have diminished with time as more criminals become familiar
with different models of semi-autos, but it was cited as stopping or at least
slowing down criminals who had grabbed a police officers gun.

|> 
|> Define "armed better". Go shoot a revolver and a semi-auto like the
|> Colt .45. Does one fires faster than the other? Nope. Aside from which
|> faster rate of fire is usually not desirable. Sure it makes the other
|> guys duck for cover, but just *YOU* trying hitting anything with a Thompson
|> in hose-mode. This is why the military is limiting it's M-16 now to
|> 3-round burst-fire. Simple semi-auto would be better, but the troops
|> like to be able to rock and roll even if it is wasteful of ammo (something
|> often in short supply when the enemy is plentiful).
|> 
|> A revolver is equally capable as a semi-auto in the same caliber.
|> 
|> - A revolver also has the advantage that if it misfires you just pull
|>   the trigger again.
|> - A double-action revolver (almost all of them) can be hand-cocked first,
|>   but will fire merely by pulling the trigger.

Yes, but this is best done with a two hand hold.  With a single hand you either
pull the gun far off target to cock, or must fire double action.  The DA semi
auto has the same advantages plus is always SA after the first shot.


|> - A misfire in a revolver merely means you must pull the trigger again
|>   to rotate to the next round.

I'm not sure if this is meant to be different from your first point.  In a DA
semi-auto you can pull the trigger again to try dropping the hammer on the same
round - an advantage you don't have in a revolver where the next trigger pull will
always go to the next round (discussing this point now).  This is fine with a dud
but what about a hangfire situation?  Granted it's very rare, but your round will
now go off confined in the cylinder with no place to go.  Slingshotting the slide
on a misfire takes very little time.


|> - A revolver can be carried with the 6th chamber empty and under the
|>   hammer for maximum safety, but still can be drawn and fired with an
|>   easy motion, even one handed.

Actually with modern revolver designs incorporating hammer blocks this is not
necessary or usually recommended.  A revolver would have to fall hard enough and
at the right angle to actually break the hammer and driver the firing pin into the
round to set it off.

|> - Speedloaders for a revolver allow reloads almost as fast as magazines
|>   on semi-autos. Can be faster depending on users.

The best speedloader users, especially those using the spring loaded speed
loaders are very fast.  A problem is that ejecting the spent cases is a two
handed job where dropping the expended magazine is one handed.  This means that
while you can be inserting a fresh magazine as soon as the old one clears the
gun, with a speed loader you have to go through more motions that will always 
take more time.  You also don't have the advantage of tactical reloads (replacing
a partial magazine to bring you back to full capacity - the partial magazine can
still be used if needed later).  

|> 
|> - A misfire in a semi-auto will require you to clear a jammed shell
|>   first, time spent which can be fatal. And a vital second or so is often
|>   lost as you realize "hey, it's jammed!" before starting to do anything
|>   about clearing it.

Yes, the time to recognize the problem is just as important as the time to clear
it.  Really though, in either a revolver or semi-auto the odds of an actual misfire
with factory ammo are awfully small.  You are more likely to get a jam in a semi-auto
but even these are exceptionally rare with modern quality guns (Sigs, Glocks, et.al.).


|> - Most semi-autos must have the slide worked to chamber the first round
|>   and cock the hammer. Some police carry their semi-autos with the 
|>   chamber loaded and hammer cocked, but a safety engaged. I do not consider
|>   this safe however. You must trade-off safety to get the same speed
|>   of employment as a revolver.

|> - There are some double-action semi-autos out there, but the complexity of
|>   operation of many of them requires more training.

All common semi-auto's can be carried with a round in their chamber without any
safety problems.  While I put that out as a statement that I believe, I should
say that this applies to all of the ones I've looked at.  For the DA semi's it's
no different from the revolver situation:  The guns all have hammer or firing
pin blocks.  They also have a safety.  Because there's no real advantage
carrying one of these cocked and locked you have the same safety and speed
of employment as a revolver, plus the advantage of SA followup shots.  I'm
not familiar with SA semi-autos except for the 1911-A1.  I admit that I was
initially skeptical about carrying this cocked and locked, but after examining
the design, trying to defeat the safeties (gun unloaded of course), and 
shooting it a lot, I see no inherent safety problems with it, especially in
a thumbreak holster with the strap under the hammer.  This design also gets
you more speed for an accurate first shot than a revolver.

|> 
|> Some police departments switched to Glocks, and then started quietly
|> switching many officers back to the old revolvers. Too many were having
|> accidents, partly due to the poor training they received. Not that Glocks
|> require rocket scientists, but some cops are baffled by something as complex
|> as the timer on a VCR.

Yeah, the infamous Glock.  I still can't figure out how it's worse than a revolver
for safety.  If you don't pull the trigger it doesn't go off.  I imagine that if all
your revolver shooting was done double action then you could pull the Glock trigger
far enough to fire before you realized it.  In addition, if you had developed that
nasty habit of keeping your finger on the trigger when holstering your gun and
relying on your thumb on the hammer to remind you to take it off before you blew
off your foot then you'd have problems when the hammer wasn't there.

|> 
|> Anyone who goes anyone saying that the criminals obviously outgun
|> the police don't know nothing about firearms. Turn off COPS and Hunter
|> and pay attention. I do not seek here to say "semi-autos are junk"
|> merely that assuming they are better for all jobs is stupid. A cop
|> with a revolver on his hip and a shotgun in the rack is more than
|> equipped for anything short of a riot.

I think this is even okay for a riot (as long as it's a small one B^)).

|> 
|> Gun control is hitting what you aim at. If you whip out a 
|> wonder-nine and fire real fast you may find you don't hit anything.
|> Good controlled fire from a revolver is more likely to get you a hit.
|> I own a 9mm Beretta myself but consider it inferior as a carry weapon
|> to something like the Ruger Security Six revolver. If I haven't hit
|> what I'm aiming at in the first 5 shots, something is quite seriously
|> wrong somewheres. While I might like having the backup capacity of those
|> extra shots in certain cases, overwhelmingly the # of shots fired in
|> criminal encounters is less than 5.

I have the poor man's Beretta (Taurus 99) and consider it inferior as a carry
weapon to the Springfield .45 (oops, 9mm vs. 45 arguments are relegated to
r.g).  You are right, though.  If you don't hit what you aim at then the
shooter/gun combination has failed.  I don't ascribe failures in the the
fire real fast with a wonder-nine scenario you mention to the gun.  This is
a shooter failure, whether through lack of discipline or lack of training.


|> 
|> What do crooks overwhelmingly use in crime? Why the same nice simple
|> .38 revolvers that the police often use. Well actually some police 
|> prefer the much heftier .357 Magnum, but anyway.....

9mm's are becoming more popular with crooks too, though the .38 does still
lead the list.  And like I said, around here semi-auto's seem the rule for the
street cop.  Don't know about the State Patrol however, they may still carry
the "Highway Patrolman".

|> 
|> ObPlea: Don't flame me, I prefer semi-autos for most things. But they 
|>         introduce unneccessary complications to something as nerve-wracking
|>         as an abrupt encounter with a lone criminal.

Vincent, please don't take any of this as a flame.  Just my $0.02 (whoops, looks more
like $2.00) worth.  And much of it is IMHO, but do check Ayoob's book.

|> 
|> -- 
|> "If everything had gone as planned, everything would have been perfect."
|> 	-BATF spokesperson on CNN 3/2/93, regarding failed raid attempt in TX.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54232
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Re: Non-lethal alternatives to handguns?


In article <Apr15.032620.75908@yuma.ACNS.ColoState.EDU>, holland@CS.ColoState.EDU (douglas craig holland) writes:
>
>What about guns with non-lethal bullets, like rubber or plastic bullets. Would
>those work very well in stopping an attack?

Ask the Brits.  Enough people have been killed by rubber bullets that they now
use them under only certain "controlled" circumstances.  And they are fired
from something that looks like a tear gas launcher.

There are smaller rubber bullets and pellets (for shotguns).  I understand that
they are only intended to be discouragers, ie. for the snapping but not truly
dangerous animal.  In general, they do not seem capable of really stopping
someone who wants you or past you.  They are fired at very low muzzle velocity
(the .38 ball round is intended for a 400fps load).  Finally, as your mother
warned you, you can put an eye out with that thing.  :-)
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54233
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Re: "High Power" Assault guns


High power assault gun?  Why, you must be talking about the 155mm Howitzer.

Or did you want to try a 16 incher?  Or one of the German railway guns?
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54234
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Don't knock the Glock (was Re: My Gun is like my Am Ex Card)


In article <93104.231049U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>, Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>In article <1qie2rINN1b9@cae.cad.gatech.edu>, vincent@cad.gatech.edu (Vincent
>Fox) says:
>>
>All your points are very well taken and things that I haven't considered as
>I am not really familiar enough with handguns.
>
>>Some police departments switched to Glocks, and then started quietly
>>switching many officers back to the old revolvers. Too many were having
>>accidents, partly due to the poor training they received. Not that Glocks
>>require rocket scientists, but some cops are baffled by something as complex
>>as the timer on a VCR.
>
>Hell, a Glock is the last thing that should be switched to.  The only thing
>that I know about a Glock is the lack of a real safety on it.  Sure there is
>that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety.

Ahem!!!  Hrumph!!!!  You have encurred the wrath of Glock owners.  We will beat
you with our hammers.  Oooops, don't have any  :-)

Seriously.  There is no difference in the safeties betweena Glock and any DA
revolver.  Intellectually, think of the Glock as a very high cap revolver. 
Ignoring stove pipes, misfeeds and all the other bonus exercises that
autoloaders give you, that is.

Every gun has its safe moment and its dangerous moment.  If you just learn how
to handle it, it becomes a lot less dangerous (to you).
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54235
From: gaucher@sam.cchem.berkeley.edu
Subject: Re: Newspapers censoring gun advertisements

In article <81930415084418/0005111312NA3EM@mcimail.com> 0005111312@mcimail.com (Peter Nesbitt) writes:

>Recently while looking around in Traders Sporting Goods store, a very well
>stocked firearms store, I discovered a printed document that was being 
>distributed by the good folks who work there.  Traders, BTW, is located in
>San Leandro, CA.
.
.
. 
>The newspapers have now decided to censor gun ads - which is why you no longer
>see the ads that Traders, San Leandro, has run for many years.
>
>These ads were run for the law-abiding honest citizens who own firearms for
>sporting use or self-protection.  They certainly have the right to do so, under
>the Second Amendment Right to Bear Arms.
 
Are you sure about this? I'm currently looking at a copy of last 
Thursday's SF Chronicle and there is the typical one column Traders
ad on page C7 in the Sports section. Not only that, but there is
a part in the middle which rather prominently says "WANTED: We pay
cash for assault rifles and pistols.". Granted, I haven't seen today's
paper yet. But I'd be surprised if there wasn't a Traders ad in it.
It's probably worth it to write to the Chronicle (and other papers)
anyway, because all their anti-gun editorials are disgusting.

By the way, let me put in a plug for Traders. I have shopped all
over the SF Bay Area and I have never seen another store with lower
prices. And their selection is amazing.

---------------------------------------------------------------------
Lee Gaucher                         |   My opinions.
gaucher@sam.cchem.berkeley.edu      |   No one else's.
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54236
From: dlb@fanny.wash.inmet.com (David Barton)
Subject: Re: "Proper gun control?" What is proper gun control? (was Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card)

 / iftccu:talk.politics.guns / hays@ssd.intel.com (Kirk Hays) /
   3:31 pm  Apr 13, 1993 / 

   >Some of the pro-gun posters in this group own no guns.  The dread
   >"Terminator", aka "The Rifleman", owned no firearms for several
   >years while posting in this group, as an example.  There are
   >others.

For what it is worth, I own no firearms of any sort.  As long-time
readers of this group know, I am dedicated to the RKBA.

This is not about toys.  It is about freedom.

					Dave Barton
					dlb@hudson.wash.inmet.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54237
From: VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Clinton wants National ID card, aka USSR-style "Internal Passport"

In article <1993Apr15.201756.29141@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU> andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:

>In article <1993Apr14.175931.66210@cc.usu.edu> slp9k@cc.usu.edu writes:
>>> (BTW - Which parts should be secure?  Criminal
>>> records, ie convictions, are typically considered public information,
>>> so should that info be secure?  Remember, the population includes
>>> parents checking prospective childcare worker.)
>
>>	Parent's checking a babysitter shouldn't need access to the information
>>stored in the card.
>
>Sure they do.  The prospective sitter may have a nasty habit of molesting
>kids three or four months into the job.  The references may not have
>known him long enough or may not have picked up on this yet.
>
>Remember, criminal conviction info is public, so if you're going to
>argue for an ID card, other people are going to have a strong argument
>that it disclose public info.

       As perhaps some insight into how this sort of thing works, the
local college newspaper had a big crusade to have the U.T. police
release crime stats.  (The school claimed that to do so would violate
federal education records privacy laws).  They swore up and down they
weren't interested in student discipline records, only for stats so people
could make an evaluation of how safe the campus was.

       It was barely a week after crime stats were released before the
Daily Beacon had an editorial calling for student disciplinary stats
to be released, because they complained certain segments of the campus
population were treated administratively rather than turned over to the
police and therefore the criminal states weren't accurate.

       What people say they want public today may not be what they
say tomorrow.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54238
From: tms@cs.umd.edu (Tom Swiss (not Swift, not Suiss, Swiss!))
Subject: Re: Clinton wants National ID card, aka USSR-style "Internal Passport"

slp9k@cc.usu.edu writes:
>
>	I just want to point out that while I am fully in support of privacy,
>it will be possible soon to have a completely secure ID card, useable in bank
>transactions, medical, etc etc.

     There is no such thing as "completely secure," especially when dealing
with High Technology. It's all a question of cost: what cost are you
willing to bear to protect your information vs. what rewards the "bad guys"
are going to get if they break it. The rewards of breaking such a single ID
system would be high indeed.

===============================================================================
Tom Swiss/tms@cs.umd.edu  |  "Born to die"   |   Keep your laws off my brain!
     "What's so funny 'bout peace, love and understanding?" - Nick Lowe 
     This .sig contains no animal products and was not tested on animals.
  "Time is just nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once."

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54239
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Boston Gun Buy Back

In article <8110356@hpfcso.FC.HP.COM> ron@hpfcso.FC.HP.COM (Ron Miller) writes:

>> From: urbin@interlan.interlan.com (Mark Urbin)
>> 
>> >RM:Just a short thought: 
>> >When you ask the question of the "authorities" or sponsors of buyback
>> >programs whether they will check for stolen weapons and they answer
>> >"no, it's total amnesty".
>
>>     Please note that the $50 given for each firearm, in the Boston `buy 
>> back' will not be in cash, but money orders.  How much `total amnesty" can 
>> you get if you leave paper trail behind?
>
>In the latest case in Denver, they were giving away tickets to a Denver
>Nuggets basketball game. 
>
>How traceable is a money order?  (I don't know. Haven't used one in 20 years)

       Money orders operate pretty much like checks, with both parties being
supposed to sign them.  I assume you'd have to show the buy-back people
an ID, and you'd then have a money order made out to that ID.  

       As far as traceable as a practical matter, I don't know, it would
depend on whether they bother to computerize who the recipient's name is
on the money order and bother keying that sort of thing in.  I'd say
certainly the police and the buyback people would keep a record of who
they gave money orders out to.

>Is that even an issue if the weapons aren't checked for being stolen?

       There might be some questions asked, I suppose, if somebody 
brought in a number of weapons each time over a series of "buy back"
programs.

        
------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54240
From: cmort@NCoast.ORG (Christopher Morton)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

As quoted from <C5J5IM.3C9@cbnewsc.cb.att.com> by rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat):

> 
> |	Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.
> |	It would not be economic to smuggle them in. All production
> |	would have to be local. There are not all that many people
> |	who have both the skill AND motivation to assemble worthwhile
> |	firearms from scratch. High-ranking crime figures could
> |	obtain imported Uzis and such, but the average person, and
> |	average thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun - and would
> |	pay through the nose for it. 
> 
> This is not borne out of reality; the old Soviet Union had a very
> serious domestic handgun and submachinegun trade, guns that were
> of commercial grade because they were produced in honest-to-goodness
> machineshops. Why would all production have to be local; don't we
> have a road system that is the envy of the world?
> 
If anybody wanted proof of the nonsense of the "you can't build guns" claim,
they need look no farther than the Philippines.  Amateur gunsmiths there
regularly produce everything from .45 automatics to full auto shotguns.  Now
if this guy wants to claim that the Philippines is either technologically
superior to the US or that their transportation is better than ours, all I
can say is that he's living in a fantasy world.

-- 
===================================================================
"You're like a bunch of over-educated, New York jewish ACLU lawyers
fighting to eliminate school prayer from the public schools in
Arkansas" - Holly Silva

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54241
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

In article <1993Apr14.184448.2331@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>	If alcohol were again banned today, it would be MUCH more
>	difficult to manage a large-scale smuggling operation. 
>	The cops now rank just a narrow notch below the military
>	in communications, intelligence gathering and firepower.

Proof by assertion!  I love it!  Uh, please explain why the smugglers
do not also rank a notch below (or above) the military in terms
of communications, intelligence gathering (e.g., why fight officials
when you can bribe them..."I'll give you a hundred grand to let that
semi past..."), and firepower. 

>	In a similar vein, the amount of marijuana smuggled into
>	this country has greatly decreased. This is because its
>	value-per-pound is very low when compared to cocaine or
>	heroin. It's simply not worth the risk, it's uneconomical.
>	Now, most reefer is domestic. There is less pressure on
>	the domestic producer (showy raids notwithstanding) and
>	thus it is economical. Of note though ... domestic reefer
>	is now very strong, so a small volume goes a long way.
>	You cannot make alcohol stronger than 200 proof - not a
>	good dollar/pound deal. 
>
What's the point here?  You're arguing that the black market
WORKS (which it does, of course).  

>	Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.

This is the wrong way to quantify things.  The smuggler would
be concerned about value/cubic foot.  Go to a gun show and
price out a crate of good quality handguns.  

>	It would not be economic to smuggle them in. All production
>	would have to be local. There are not all that many people

What's "local?"  

>	who have both the skill AND motivation to assemble worthwhile
>	firearms from scratch. High-ranking crime figures could

What is a worthwhile firearm?  Hell, anything that WORKS!  Go
get yourself a copy of the Army's 1969 Improvised Munitions Manual.
See how easy it is to make a functional firearm.

>	obtain imported Uzis and such, but the average person, and
>	average thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun - and would
>	pay through the nose for it. 

If paying $10 for inconspicuous parts at the local K-Mart is
"through the nose." 

Drew
--
betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54242
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <93104.231049U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>All your points are very well taken and things that I haven't considered as
>I am not really familiar enough with handguns.

That's not all that Kratz doesn't know.

>Hell, a Glock is the last thing that should be switched to.  The only thing
>that I know about a Glock is the lack of a real safety on it.  Sure there is
>that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety.

Now we know that Kratz doesn't understand what a safety is supposed to
do.  (He also confuses "things he can see" with "things that exist";
Glocks have multiple safeties even though only one is visible from the
outside.)

A safety is supposed to keep the gun from going off UNLESS that's
what the user wants.  With Glocks, one says "I want the gun to go
off" by pulling the trigger.  If the safeties it has make that work,
it has a "real" safety, no matter what Kratz thinks.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54243
From: sylvain@netcom.com (Nicholas Sylvain)
Subject: Re: "Proper gun control?" What is proper gun control? (was Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card)

In article <DLB.93Apr15130411@fanny.wash.inmet.com> dlb@fanny.wash.inmet.com (David Barton) writes:
>For what it is worth, I own no firearms of any sort.  As long-time
>readers of this group know, I am dedicated to the RKBA.

A long-time reader of t.p.g, I am also a staunch RKBA supporter, yet
I own no firearms.

>This is not about toys.  It is about freedom.

Amen, brother.

--
Nicholas Sylvain (sylvain@netcom.com) --- I am the NRA


-- 
Nicholas Sylvain (sylvain@netcom.com) --- I am the NRA

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54244
From: hays@ssd.intel.com (Kirk Hays)
Subject: Re: "Proper gun control?" What is proper gun control? (was Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card)

In article <15240077@iftccu.ca.boeing.com>, bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler) writes:
|> / iftccu:talk.politics.guns / hays@ssd.intel.com (Kirk Hays) /  3:31 pm  Apr 13, 1993 /
|> 
|> >Some of the pro-gun posters in this group own no guns.  The dread 
|> >"Terminator", aka "The Rifleman", owned no firearms for several years 
|> >while posting in this group, as an example.  There are others.
|> 
|> Good point, Kirk.
|> 
|> He's still around too.  He's responded by email to a couple of my posts, 
|> and gosh darn, he's gotten down right civil!  This happed about the time 
|> he got his first firearm.  Wonder if there is a relationship here?  Turns
|> out that MOST people (at least the ones who are not criminals to start
|> with) act responsibility once given the chance.

I'd like to point out that I was in error - "Terminator" began posting only 
six months before he purchased his first firearm, according to private email
from him.

I can't produce an archived posting of his earlier than January 1992,
and he purchased his first firearm in March 1992.

I guess it only seemed like years.

Back to your regularly scheduled flame fest.

-- 
Kirk Hays - NRA Life, seventh generation.
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to
do nothing."  -- Edmund Burke (1729-1797)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54245
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

As quoted from <1993Apr14.184448.2331@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> by jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu:
> 	Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.
> 	It would not be economic to smuggle them in.

That depends only on the profit of doing so.  The differences
in cost of production will determine local vs smuggle.

> 	would have to be local. There are not all that many people
> 	who have both the skill AND motivation to assemble worthwhile

Those of us who have actually made semi-autos (full-autos are easier)
are getting quite a giggle out of this.  I'd estimate that 5% of
the people at my high school couldn't do it.  (I was one of the
few who failed shop.)  People who have actually seen me do mechanical
work would probably say that 1% is more like it.

Starting with even 90% of the population, you can be sure that
"enough" people will be motivated.

> 	firearms from scratch. High-ranking crime figures could
> 	obtain imported Uzis and such, but the average person, and
> 	average thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun - and would
> 	pay through the nose for it. 

How much is "through the nose"?  After all, we know quite a bit
about how much a gun is worth to a criminal, so if that is dwarfed
by the price demanded by the "bad" part of that 90%....

The relevant economic analysis has been made.  The "profit" of
gun crime is high enough that the price required to push criminals
out of the market is high enough that everyone will be motivated.
That analysis ignored some "improvements" in the criminal gun
market that could make them even cheaper.  (They're not efficiently
used now, but a "loaner" set up would drive the value still higher
without affecting criminal use.)

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54246
From: meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers)
Subject: HR 1276 ("A gun law I can live with!" :-)


103D CONGRESS 
1ST SESSION 
  
                                  H. R. 1276 
  
To establish the right to obtain firearms for security, and to use firearms
    in defense of self, family, or home, and to provide for the enforcement
    of such right.
  
                           ======================= 
  
                       IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
  
                               March 10, 1993 
  
Mr. BARTLETT introduced the following bill; which was referred to the
    Committee on the Judiciary 
  
                           ======================= 
  
                                    A BILL 
  
To establish the right to obtain firearms for security, and
    to use firearms in defense of self, family, or home, and
    to provide for the enforcement of such right.
  
        Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
    tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
  
    SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.
  
        This Act may be cited as the "Citizens' Self-Defense
    Act of 1993". 
  
    SEC. 2. RIGHT TO OBTAIN FIREARMS FOR SECURITY, AND
        TO USE FIREARMS IN DEFENSE OF SELF,
        FAMILY, OR HOME; ENFORCEMENT.
  
        (a) ESTABLISHMENT OF RIGHT. -- A person not pro-
    hibited by Federal law from receiving a firearm shall have
    the right to obtain firearms for security, and to use fire-
    arms in defense of self, family, or home.
  
        (b) FIREARM DEFINED. -- As used in subsection (a),
    the term "firearm" means a --
  
            (1) shotgun (as defined in section 921(a)(5) of
        title 18, United States Code);

            (2) rifle (as defined in section 921(a)(7) of such
        title); or

            (3) handgun (as defined in section 10 of Public
        law 99-408).

        (c) ENFORCEMENT OF RIGHT. --

            (1) IN GENERAL. -- A person whose right under
        subsection (a) is violated in any manner may bring
        an action in any United States district court against
        the United States, any State, or any person for
        damages, injunctive relief, and such other relief as
        the court deems appropriate.

            (2) AUTHORITY TO AWARD A REASONABLE AT-
        TORNEY'S FEE. -- In an action brought under para-
        graph (1), the court, in its discretion, may allow the
        prevailing party, other than a State, a reasonable
        attorney's fee as part of the costs.

        (d) STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS. -- An action may not
    be brought under subsection (c)(1) after the 5-year period
    that begins with the date the violation described therein
    is discovered.

------------------------ (end of HR 1276) ------------------------


Well, this sounds good to me.  The key is Section (2)(c)(2), which
will effectively open up the Federal court system to all the folks
who can't afford to adopt an Attorney with whom to fight city hall.
All of you who've been saying "hey, isn't that illegal?" could just
go hire your own Attorneys on a pay-if-you-win ("contingency fee")
basis, and sue the bums ...   :-)

What you can do now:

(1)  Write your Representative, and ask them to co-sponsor HR 1276.

(2)  Write Representative Roscoe Bartlett, the sponsor --

        Representative Roscoe Bartlett
        312 Cannon House Office Building
        Washington, D.C. 20515

     -- to tell him who your own Representative is, and that you've
     asked them to join him as a co-sponsor of HR 1276.

(3)  Contact Gun Owners of America --

          Gun Owners of America
          8001 Forbes Place
          Springfield, Virginia 22151

     -- which has committed to lobby on behalf of HR 1276.

(4)  For those of us with a RealJob (TM), find out how to reach
     Representative Bartlett's campaign fund (I'm working on it)
     and toss in a few bucks.  You can bet your bippy that he's
     going to be one of the HCI "targets" in the next election,
     which isn't that far away (1994).

(5)  Tell your family, friends, gun club, etc.  Enjoy ...   :-)


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54247
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: Newspapers censoring gun advertisements

>NEWSPAPER AD CENSORSHIP
>
>The newspapers have now decided to censor gun ads - which is why you no longer
>see the ads that Traders, San Leandro, has run for many years.
>
>If you are tired of newspapers who run sex and liquor ads galor, yet refuse to
>run legitimate gun ads, please send a letter to the editors indicating your
>displeasure over their censorship doctrine.
>
>Following is a list of Bay area newspapers who censor gun ads.  Perhaps you'd
>like to send them your thoughts on this issue!
>
>Contra Costa Times	San Mateo Times		San Francisco Chronicle
>POB 5088		POB 5400		901 Mission St.
>Walnut Creek, CA 94596	San Mateo, CA 94402	San Francisco, CA 94103
>
>San Fran. Independent	San Fran. Examiner	San Jose Mercury News
>1201 Evans Ave		110 5th St.		750 Ridder Park Dr.
>San Fran., CA 94124	San Fran., CA 94103	San Jose, CA 95190

I have the April 15, 1993 issue of the SF Chronicle in my lap.  Page
E7 (in the "Sporting Green" section) has a Trader's advert.  (The
copy is a bit screwed up - it says that the prices offered expire
4-14-93, but the ad is there.)

The SF Examiner and Chronicle run the same set of adverts (because
they have a joint printing/biz agreement and differ only in editorial
content).

I've seen gun ads recently in the merc, which is anti-gun editorially,
albeit not from traders, but from its competitors.

I don't know about the other papers.

Does Traders claim that things are changing?  When?

>- Why TV journalists lie

Because it's easier than telling the truth and no one much cares
either way.

>Let me know if you write to any of these bozos.

Before you do, make sure that the bozos are actually doing what
you're accusing them of.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54248
From: pitargue@cisco.com (Marciano Pitargue)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks


In article <1qkcok$s9i@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>, ci946@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (John K. Gever) writes:
|> 
|> Do you Rambos who worry so much about rape and murder in the
|> wilderness also carry your guns all the time at home too?  You
|> should, since you're in a hell of a lot more danger there than
|> in the backcountry.

when does carrying a tool classify someone as a rambo.  so all the
pioneers that came west were rambo's?  adrienne!!!  :-)

|> 
|> Does anybody reading this group have an actual, honest-to-God
|> experience with violent crime in the backcountry to tell about?
|> 
|> I can sort of understand the people who want to protect themselves
|> from bears and such, although there are, what, maybe a dozen or
|> two bear attacks on people in North America each year?  But to
|> worry about being raped by some buck-toothed Bubba in overalls
|> is just irrational.  I think we'd all be a lot safer if all the
|> videocassettes of "Deliverance" were gathered up and burned.

would your tune change if you were one of the "dozen or two bear attacks"?
believe me, when you need a firearm, you NEED a firearm.

|> 
|> Public health experts will tell you that you are far more likely
|> have your gun stolen, use it yourself on a family member or
|> have it used on you than you are to use it on an actual criminal.

please cite your references.   i'll let others (please note followup)
cite valid references to show you that this is an untruth.

|> The Rambo warriors we've heard from here undoubtedly consider
|> themselves exempt from this statistical reality -- they're much
|> too smart and responsible.  Living in a city where there's a
|> drive-by shooting every couple of days, and working in a medical
|> center where a day doesn't go by without a shooting victim coming
|> into the ER, I'm just a bit skeptical about the value of gun
|> ownership.  I go to the backcountry to get away from this 
|> environment, and I don't want to find other people there who
|> insist on bringing the urban environment along with them -- boom
|> boxes, computers, or guns.

well, you might as well go naked.  forget the matches, backpack, sleeping
bag and all the rest that's is a modern convenience.  a firearm is just
a tool.  as some people won't carry gaiters, some people do.  firearms
should be in the same category.  it should be a personal choice.

and your factoid about shooting victims in the ER.  count how many come in
due to automobile accidents and automobile crimes.  maybe we should outlaw
cars.

|> 
|> Please post flaming responses to rec.guns.rabid  >:-(
|> - J. Gever, B'ham, Ala.

marciano pitargue@cisco.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54249
From: chrisb@natinst.com (Chris Bartz)
Subject: Re: HR 1276 ("A gun law I can live with!" :-)

In article <1993Apr15.171601.25930@dg-rtp.dg.com> meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers) writes:
>        (a) ESTABLISHMENT OF RIGHT. -- A person not pro-
>    hibited by Federal law from receiving a firearm shall have
>    the right to obtain firearms for security, and to use fire-
>    arms in defense of self, family, or home.


So, you have the right unless the Federal Government says you don't.
I don't think I like this very much.

This would be much better if it said "everyone except those who have
been striped of this right by due process of law" or some such thing.

Also, I don't care for the Federal Government stepping on states rights
regardless of which state right is being stepped on.  If the constitution
doesn't give the Feds some power then they have to just shut up about
it.

The only way the Feds should have anything to say is if the Constitution
prohibits localities from infringing on the RKBA.  In which case this
bill should just reiterate that the RKBA is guaranteed by the Constitution
and that the Feds will take appropriate action if it is infringed.


-- 
-- chris bartz (chrisb@natinst.com)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54250
From: earlw@apple.com (Earl Wallace)
Subject: Re: With Friends Like These -- L. Neil Smith


 >> Look, if you can figure out a reliable means of keeping guns away from
 >> bad people, while not interfering with good people, I think we'd all be
 >> for it.  The problem is, the methods we're using now don't do the trick.

   > Don't manufacture them.  Don't sell them.  Don't import them.
   >
   > Some guns will get through, but far fewer, and far less people will
   > die because of them.  Hunting weapons could be allowed, of course, as
   > long as they are big, and bulky, and require reloading after a few
   > shots (how many times can you shoot at the same animal, anyways One
   > assumes they are moving!)

A better solution:

  If the 'bad' people can't be trusted with guns, then lock them or knock
  them off.  Stop punishing good people.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54251
From: bixledn@eng.auburn.edu (David N. Bixler)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Car

In article 27322@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU, andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:
> In article <93104.231049U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
> >All your points are very well taken and things that I haven't considered as
> >I am not really familiar enough with handguns.
> 
> That's not all that Kratz doesn't know.
> 
> >Hell, a Glock is the last thing that should be switched to.  The only thing
> >that I know about a Glock is the lack of a real safety on it.  Sure there is
> >that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety.
> 
> Now we know that Kratz doesn't understand what a safety is supposed to
> do.  (He also confuses "things he can see" with "things that exist";
> Glocks have multiple safeties even though only one is visible from the
> outside.)
> 
> A safety is supposed to keep the gun from going off UNLESS that's
> what the user wants.  With Glocks, one says "I want the gun to go
> off" by pulling the trigger.  If the safeties it has make that work,
> it has a "real" safety, no matter what Kratz thinks.
> 
> -andy
> --


   I agree very much.  I have read almost every article written about
   the Glock, and IMO, it is probably the safest auto-loader made.  It
   has the best safty of all, Jeff Cooper's First Rule, "Keep your finger
   OFF the trigger until you want to shoot."  If everyone just observed
   this, there would be fewer "accidents".

   David N. Bixler
   Auburn University

   Standard Disclaimers apply.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54252
From: holland@CS.ColoState.EDU (douglas craig holland)
Subject: Re: Non-lethal alternatives to handguns?

In article <1993Apr15.150736.15793@mksol.dseg.ti.com> pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com writes:
>
>Ask the Brits.  Enough people have been killed by rubber bullets that they now
>use them under only certain "controlled" circumstances.  And they are fired
>from something that looks like a tear gas launcher.
>
>There are smaller rubber bullets and pellets (for shotguns).  I understand that
>they are only intended to be discouragers, ie. for the snapping but not truly
>dangerous animal.  In general, they do not seem capable of really stopping
>someone who wants you or past you.  They are fired at very low muzzle velocity
>(the .38 ball round is intended for a 400fps load).  Finally, as your mother
>warned you, you can put an eye out with that thing.  :-)
>--
	Oh, OK.  Just wondering.  I am not a real expert on weapons, I was just
wondering if they would do the job.

					Doug Holland


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54253
From: brians@atlastele.com (Brian Sheets)
Subject: Constitutionality of 18 U.S.C 922(o)

You know, I was reading 18 U.S.C. 922 and something just did not make 
sence and I was wondering if someone could help me out.

Say U.S.C. 922 :

(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), it shall be unlawful for
any person to transfer or possess a machinegun.

 Well I got to looking in my law dictionary and I found that a "person" 
might also be an artificial entity that is created by government 
and has no rights under the federal constitution. So, what I 
don't understand is how a statute like 922 can be enforced on 
an individual. So someone tell me how my government can tell
me what I can or cannot possess. Just passing a law 
does not make it LAW. Everyone knows that laws are constitional
until it goes to court. So, has it ever gone to court, not
just your run of the mill "Ok I had it I am guilty, put me in jail"

Has anyone ever claimed that they had a right to possess and was told
by the Supreme Court that they didn't have that right?



-- 
Brian Sheets		    _   /|  	"TRUCK?! What truck?"
Support Engineer  	    \`o_O'    	 
Atlas Telecom Inc. 	      ( ) 	   -Raiders of the Lost Ark
brians@atlastele.com           U

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54254
From: holland@CS.ColoState.EDU (douglas craig holland)
Subject: Cop kills teenager

	OK, here's something for all of those people who think cops are always
more responsible then the rest of the population.  I found this article in the
Rocky Mountain Collegian, Colorado State University's newspaper.

	SUSPENDED POLICE OFFICER ARRESTED IN REVENGE TRIPLE HOMICIDE

PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) -- A police officer afraid he would be fired for
allegedly assaulting a teen-ager walked into an auto body shop wher the youth
worked, said "You're going to die" and fatally shot him and two others, police
said.

A fourth youth was wounded.  A fifth escaped injury by hiding under a car.

The wounded youth ran about two blocks to a house after the shooting at about
midnight Tuesday and called police.  He was hospitalized in satisfactory
condition Wednesday.

Suspended police officer Robert Sabetta, 23, of Cranston, was arrested at
gunpoint over three hours after the shooting at Wilson's Auto Enterprises in
Foster, a rural town of about 4,000 people in northwest Rhode Island.

	Well, this just goes to show that cops are capable of snapping, just
like everyone else.  Now who was it who said only cops should have guns?

						Doug Holland


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54255
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In <93104.173826U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>What seems to be happening here is the situation getting totally blown out of
>proportion.  In my post I was referring to your regular patrolman in a car
>cruising around the city vs. gang members.  Of course the police have access
>to the things that you mentioned but do they use tanks and such all of the
>time?  Of course they don't and that's the point I was trying to make.  Every
>day when I go out to lunch I always see cops coming in.  The majority that I
>see are still carrying revolvers.

So?  Look in the trunk some time.  Heck - look at the dash.  That
funny thing attached with a quick-release is a gun.  The ones in the
trunk are "better".  (I don't have numbers for Chicago, but
Philadelphia police cars carried multiple automatic weapons and
thousands of rounds as standard issue in the 60s.)

>Not that there is anything wrong with a
>revolver but if you're a cop that is up against some gang member with a couple
>of automatics in his coat (I mean semi-auto handguns) you're going to be at a
>disadvantage even with training.

What is the nature of this disadvantage?  If the cop can shoot, 6
rounds will do the job against a single opponent (especially since the
cop has guaranteed backup).  If the "gang member" can shoot, the extra
rounds don't help.  The only time this difference can matter is if
neither can shoot, and cops aren't supposed to be throwing lead around
like that.

BTW - most cops carry multiple guns.  You're not supposed to know
about the second, third, and so on.

>I have been at a shooting range where
>gang members were "practicing" shooting.

How do "we" know that they were gang members and not undercover cops
or even law-abiding menacing minorities.  BTW - Why the sneer quotes?

They were actually practicing
>taking out their guns as quick as possible and shooting at the target
>and they weren't doing too badly either.

Then the extra rounds won't make any difference, so why is it an issue?

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54256
From: amirza@bronze.ucs.indiana.edu (Anmar Caves)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1993Apr15.184452.27322@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU> andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:
>In article <93104.231049U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>>All your points are very well taken and things that I haven't considered as
>>I am not really familiar enough with handguns.
>
>That's not all that Kratz doesn't know.
>
k

Guys, guys, (and gals), let's lay off Jason here.  Though he stepped
in it, he has been very good so far about admitting he doesn't know
what he's talking about, and even more stunning is that he seems
-- 
Anmar Mirza   # Chief of Tranquility  #My Opinions! NotIU's!#CIANSAKGBFBI
EMT-D         # Base, Lawrence Co. IN # Legalize Explosives!#ASSASINATEDEA
N9ISY (tech)  # Somewhere out on the  # Politicians prefer  #NAZIPLUTONIUM
Networks Tech.# Mirza Ranch.C'mon over# unarmed peasants.   #PRESIDENTFEMA

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54257
From: pngai@adobe.com (Phil Ngai)
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

In article <1qk3jm$9sh@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>I know a number of ex-HCI members who have recently become NRA members.
>I've never heard of a single one who has gone the other way.

I've been a member of the NRA for several years and recently "joined"
HCI.  I wanted to see what they were up to and paid the minimum ($15)
to get a membership. I also sent the NRA another $120.

-- 
	Would the founding fathers have approved of encryption so
strong that the government could not break it?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54258
From: bbs.billand@tsoft.net (Bill Anderson)
Subject: Handgun Restrictions

I would like to know what restrictions there are on purchasing handguns 
(ie waiting periods, background check etc..) in the states of Nevada and 
Oregon. Thanks.
                                                -Bill

--
Bill Anderson (bbs.billand@tsoft.net)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54259
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: Don't knock the Glock (was Re: My Gun is like my Am Ex Card)

In article <1993Apr15.152834.16638@mksol.dseg.ti.com>, pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com
(Dillon Pyron) says:
>>>Some police departments switched to Glocks, and then started quietly
>>>switching many officers back to the old revolvers. Too many were having
>>>accidents, partly due to the poor training they received. Not that Glocks
>>>require rocket scientists, but some cops are baffled by something as complex
>>>as the timer on a VCR.
>>
>>Hell, a Glock is the last thing that should be switched to.  The only thing
>>that I know about a Glock is the lack of a real safety on it.  Sure there is
>>that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety.
>
>Ahem!!!  Hrumph!!!!  You have encurred the wrath of Glock owners.  We will
>beat
>you with our hammers.  Oooops, don't have any  :-)
>
>Seriously.  There is no difference in the safeties betweena Glock and any DA
>revolver.  Intellectually, think of the Glock as a very high cap revolver.
>Ignoring stove pipes, misfeeds and all the other bonus exercises that
>autoloaders give you, that is.
>
>Every gun has its safe moment and its dangerous moment.  If you just learn how
>to handle it, it becomes a lot less dangerous (to you).
>--
>Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
>TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
>(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
>(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
>pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
>PADI DM-54909                     |
>

All very true.  I'm going on what I have read and heard from friends.
Basically the Glock is great but I have heard/read that it is a lot harder to
learn proper handling because of the type of safety that it has.  I was
looking at a Glock .40S&W and the S&W 4006 a couple of weeks ago and the
safties on the guns were very different.  The saftey on the 4006 seemed a lot
more "safe"  (for lack of a better word) than the one on the Glock.  Of course
this could also be a bad thing if you were to pull the gun on somebody.  You
would spend more time fiddling around turning the safety off.  Personally I
like the Glocks because they are very light and I think they look really cool
(guess that's why they use them in so many movies) but I wouldn't get one as
my first semi-auto because of the safety.  I would prefer more training with
a "traditional" semi-auto (ala Colt .45) but of course that's just my opinion.

Jason

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54260
From: Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card


I HATE long postings, but this turned out to be rather lengthy....


Overall Crime rate:
It fell....just like that...

Acquiring weapons in Norway:
You can buy (almost) all kinds of weapons in Norway, BUT you must have a 
permit, and a good reason to get the permit....
If I would like to have a handgun, i would have to get an gun-licence from 
the police and to be a member of a gun-club.
The police would check my criminal records for any SERIOUS crimes and/or
records of SERIOUS mental diseases.
Now, if a got my licence, I would have to be an active member of the gun
-club for 6 months BEFORE I could collect my gun.
It's a little like getting a drivers licence isn't it ???
You have to prove that you CAN drive before you are allowed to...

Use of guns in crimes (in Norway):
Some crimes are commited with guns that have been in the owners 'arms'
for a long time, but these are rather the exeption.
Most criminals accuire guns to use them in crimes, and mostly short 
time befor the crime.

Use of knives:
It IS allowed to cary knifes in public, but not in your belt or 'open'.
You (Americans) think it's ok to have a gun, but not to carry it open
in public -rigth ??

Scandinavians ARE 'aggressive':
We northeners are not as hot-livered as southeners, but when we decide
to take action we DO.
Ask ANY historian or millitary with an knowledge of europe....
(Or ask any German who served in Norway in WW2.....)

Individual vs masses:
Yes the individual is more important than the masses, but only to some
extent....
Your criminal laws are to protect the individuals who makes the masses ??
What happens when the rigths of some individuals affects the rights of 
all the others ??


The issue:
I believe the issue is GUNS, and gun-legislation.
We shouldn't mix weapons and items that can serve as one....
IF i lived in Amerika I would probably have a gun to defend myselfe in HOME.
But should it have to be like that ??
Do you think it's wise to sell guns like candy (some states do...) ??
If you believe it's smart/neccacery to have drivers-licence WHY do you think
it should be free to buy guns ??

Disclaim-her:
I'm not a pacifist or anti gun. 
I would defend my home, loved ones and country, but I don't view guns as
neccities or toys.
I HAVE done army service, and HAVE used a variaty of weapons, but wouldn't
want to have one for self defence or because they 'feel good'....







	This is not a .signature.
	It's marly a computergenerated text to waste bandwith
	and to bring down the evil Internet.


                        Thomas Parsli
                        thomasp@ifi.uio.no

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54261
From: awesley@vela.acs.oakland.edu (awesley)
Subject: Re: That silly outdated Bill (was Re: Koresh and Miranda)

scottj@magic.dml.georgetown.edu (John L. Scott) writes:


: The issue has never been whether tanks were used in Detroit in 1967.  It
: has been whether they fired their main guns.  

Never?  This is incorrect.  Either you don't read very well or resort
to falsehoods in an attempt to make a point.

At the risk of boring and belaboring the point, my claim was
the chain was regarding the tanks "last used in Detroit in 48".
The text follows.

:  You did not merely claim that
: tanks were used--you claimed that they fired their main guns to suppress
: sniper fire and that they were "quite" effective at this.  

Indeed, when Coffman claimed they were only used as APCs, I did say
I had been told they did fire their main guns.  
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^
: You continue to
: back away from this claim and defend something else that nobody is
: disputing.

Well, the poster who I responded to did dispute the use of tanks
post-48.  Rude of you to call Gary Coffman a nobody.  

: "Well, it's not the main gun."  Gee, that's only the entire point.  Are you
: now going to admit that you were wrong?

That was the entire point to *you*.  What exactly did I claim?
   --------------------------------------------------
  "I've heard eye-witness descriptions of tanks using their main guns
to respond to sniper fire.  Quite effectively."
   --------------------------------------------------

  I wasn't wrong . . . I've heard those descriptions.  If you're
paying attention, I've mentioned that I saw the tanks with my own
eyes, but the main gun firing was an account I heard.  That helps
people judge whether or not to kick in the, to use your words,
"bullshit filters".  Stating that I *claimed* this is a falsehood.

  What was it I claimed as fact?  Here's the entire post:
  --------------------------------------------------
>We haven't used tanks against the black ghettos since Detroit 1948. 

Correction.  I know they used tanks in Detroit 1968.  I saw em, it
was well covered in the news at that time.  Gordon Lightfoot mentions
it in his song "Black Day in July".
  --------------------------------------------------

  Since you don't dispute that and claim that nobody else does, that
means I was right.  

: I will never read of tanks firing their main guns in Detroit in the '67
: riots.  There is simply no way that such an event could have taken place
: without it being common knowledge even 26 years later.  The American
: military firing shells from tanks in American cities on blacks would have
: been *big* news.

   So one would suppose.  Some folks think in happened in 48.  

Awesley goes on:
  You can also read of the troops using grenade launchers.

: To fire fragmentary grenades?  I doubt that as well.  To fire concussion
: grenades?  Perhaps.  To fire tear gas?  Certainly.  But you would be
: perfectly willing to let us believe they fired frags, wouldn't you, since
: it makes your other claim seem more plausible.

John, again, strawman techniques.  Do you feel you're losing it so you
have to stretch what I said and knock that down?  What I read said
nothing about what they fired.  And so I put nothing in there.  If you
need some help, let me know and I'l take your side of this for a
while.  You're not scoring here, you're boring here. 

: If tanks had fired their main guns in Detroit, people would have been
: screaming about it for the past two and half decades.  I would know about
: it. 

   Glad to know you're such an expert.  Nice to hear some an
authority.  I especially appreciate your basis of knowledge -- if it
had happened, you would have know it.  Since you are such an
authority, you probably know that people did scream about an alleged
massive cover-up in the number of people killed in the Detroit riot.
Some claimed 100+ dead, others said 300.  The offical number is 43 but
the Concise Columbia Encyclopedia says it was "several".  I've also
heard some things about that but I won't dare repeat them.  You'd
assert that I claimed they were truth.

: Unless you also claim that the National Guard managed to cover it up. 

   Taking the tour after the riots, it was pretty easy to tell the 
difference between Army and Guard troops.  Or so I recall from 26 
years ago.  And I seem to recall it was the Army running the tanks.
So it would have been an Army cover-up.

   Another part of my memories was that while most damaged building
were burnt, some were in rubble.  Based on what I remember, I was and
am inclined to believe an old sarge or two.

: If your mind is open enough to believe that, well, good for you.  I prefer
: to live in reality.   And here in reality, I find it hard to believe that
: those tanks even had any shells, much less fired them.

   Given the level in destruction in Detroit, I'm quite willing to believe
that they did fire their guns.

   Now then, we've bored the shit out of anyone whose bothered to read
this far and all you've managed to say is that you don't believe the
account I cited.

: --John L. Scott

                                  -- wes

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54262
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1993Apr15.184452.27322@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>,
andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:
>
>In article <93104.231049U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz                     >
><U28037@uicvm.uic.edu
>>All your points are very well taken and things that I haven't considered as
>>I am not really familiar enough with handguns.
>
>That's not all that Kratz doesn't know.
>
>>Hell, a Glock is the last thing that should be switched to.  The only thing
>>that I know about a Glock is the lack of a real safety on it.  Sure there is
>>that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety.
>
>Now we know that Kratz doesn't understand what a safety is supposed to
>do.  (He also confuses "things he can see" with "things that exist";
>Glocks have multiple safeties even though only one is visible from the
>outside.)
>
Excuse me but I do know what I safety is supposed to do.  It's basic purpose -
not to let the gun fire until you're ready.  Christ, I've known that since I
had my first Crosman air gun.  You don't know me so don't make assumptions
about what I know and don't know.  I do know that the Glock has multiple
safties from reports, looking at them at a gun shop, and friends who own one.

>A safety is supposed to keep the gun from going off UNLESS that's
>what the user wants.  With Glocks, one says "I want the gun to go
>off" by pulling the trigger.  If the safeties it has make that work,
>it has a "real" safety, no matter what Kratz thinks.
>
>-andy
>--
From the things I have read/heard Glocks are always knocked because of the
trigger safety.  They are supposedly harder to learn to use properly.  Every
article that I have read can't be wrong about the damn thing.  And don't ask
me to quote my sources because I don't keep a ton of gun magazines and/or
rec.guns articles laying around.  Boy, you can't make a simple statement on
here without someone getting right on your ass.  No wonder why there are so
many problems in the world.  Everyone takes everything just a little too
seriously.  By the way,  I'm not going to reply to any of this stuff anymore as
someone made the good point that this discussion is getting too close to r.g
(And yes I know that I had something to do with that).

Jason

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54263
From: paull@hplabsz.hpl.hp.com (Robert Paull)
Subject: Re: Newspapers censoring gun advertisements

Andy Freeman (andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU) wrote:
: >NEWSPAPER AD CENSORSHIP
: >
: >San Fran. Independent	San Fran. Examiner	San Jose Mercury News
: >1201 Evans Ave		110 5th St.		750 Ridder Park Dr.
: >San Fran., CA 94124	San Fran., CA 94103	San Jose, CA 95190
: 
Hmmm, the SJ Merc. carries Targemasters West, National Shooting club,
 Reeds sportshop, Sportsmens supply and Big 5 ads. They all sell guns.
No they don't have any adds like in Shotgun news.  If they won't at least
run the current adds I swear I'll cancel my subscription and end to cash
to the CRPA.

Rob P.




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54264
From: syck5280@miller.cs.uwm.edu (Steven B Syck)
Subject: Re: Don't knock the Glock (was Re: My Gun is like my Am Ex Card)

In article <93105.164406U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>
>All very true.  I'm going on what I have read and heard from friends.
>Basically the Glock is great but I have heard/read that it is a lot harder to
>learn proper handling because of the type of safety that it has.  I was
>looking at a Glock .40S&W and the S&W 4006 a couple of weeks ago and the
>safties on the guns were very different.  The saftey on the 4006 seemed a lot
>more "safe"  (for lack of a better word) than the one on the Glock.  Of course
>this could also be a bad thing if you were to pull the gun on somebody.  You
>would spend more time fiddling around turning the safety off.  Personally I
>like the Glocks because they are very light and I think they look really cool
>(guess that's why they use them in so many movies) but I wouldn't get one as
>my first semi-auto because of the safety.  I would prefer more training with
>a "traditional" semi-auto (ala Colt .45) but of course that's just my opinion.
>
>Jason

	At the risk of starting the 'my gun is better than yours' flame
war, I must disagree.
	
	There is no secret in handling a Glock.  In fact, it is often
chosen (besides its other merits) because it shoots like a revolver does
basically.  It can limit the training time (read budget $$$) due to the
fact there are no 'external' safties other than the trigger, hence less
training time required. 

	Smith & Wesson (among other types) are chosen due to the fact taht
they do have the external safties (hammer drop,as well as mag drop) which
if properly used have saved many lives when 'Mr. Bad' snatched the gun
from the officer and tried to shoot said officer the gun was on safe and
would not fire.  This point had been made in many articles in various 
gun magazines.  If fact, one author (can't remember who) staged a little
test where he had a revolver and a S&W on safe laying on a table and asked
people with little firearms experience to on his signal, grab the gun and
shoot a target.  He timed the people using each gun.  The revolver times
were pretty close, but some of the times with the S&W were in minutes, or
the person just gave up because they could not figure out the saftey.

	You don't often see Colt 45 autos issued due to the light trigger
which can be accidentally fired in a stress situation, opening the issuing
city,county, etc.. to lawsuits, bad press, etc..

	Of course any problem can be overcome with enough training, but
such training is not always available to budget crunched departments.  I
know if I were a Cop I would want something like a S&W just for the off
chance of the gun getting taken away.  The safety doesn't guarantee that
'Mr. Bad' won't figure it out and shoot me, but it could buy enough time
to draw a second gun and shoot 'Mr. Bad' before it's too late.

	Don't think I am too biassed here just because I have had 3 Glocks
in my possession at one time, because I have had a .45 as well.  In fact,
it was my first handgun.  Remember, the ultimate 'safety' is YOU the
operator, and no safety is going to stop an negligent discharge (note I
don't say accidental) if you break the rules of gun handling.

	As per the part of being light weight and looking cool, I agree
100%.  I wouldn't rule it out as a first purchase.  

-Just my $.02 + tax
-------   Steve Syck        syck5280@miller.cs.uwm.edu        --------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54265
From: brant@seq.uncwil.edu (AT-Dreamer)
Subject: Re: Insane Gun-toting Wackos Unite!!!

Anyone who worries about his own gun should not have one.  If you carry
any pistol with a empty chamber and safety the chances of it going off
are about zero.  Unless you sit it on top of a lite stove for a couple
of minutes or put it in a fire. :-)     

-- 
+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| "What doesn't kill us makes us stronger"  Spoken by many A.T. hikers         |
|  Kilo Delta Four Zulu Papa Uniform -KD4ZPU 146.82                
+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54266
From: earlw@apple.com (Earl Wallace)
Subject: Re: "Proper gun control?" What is proper gun control?

In article <C5JAtz.5G4@cbnewsc.cb.att.com> rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat) writes:
>...
>Let's prohibit arms carrying by police when off-duty. Or, if they make
>the assertion that "Well, I need to maintain my gun" let's make it
>regulation that they can carry an UNLOADED firearm home, that it's
>only fair that they be just as helpless as poor schmuck coming home
>from his computer operator job...
>
>NRA Director/ex-San Jose cop Leroy Pyle states in the latest SWAT
>magazine that anti-cops better watch out for this schism between
>RKBA folks and the police. He asks the rhetorical question of 'What
>if what's left of the gun lobby starts demanding the disarmament
>of the police?"
>
>Well, I guess anti-gun cops who think only they should be armed,
>along with the wealthy and politically connected, should be made
>to realize that screwing can cut in ways they have yet to imagine.
>...

We all know this will never happen.  Because the Police are under the wings
of Government, they will always be considered more important than Citizens.

Government pens, pencils and paper are considered more important than
Citizens.

I think we have a problem with our Government.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54267
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <CMM.0.90.2.734911642.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no> Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
>Overall Crime rate:
>It fell....just like that...

       Two questions:  When was this, and do you have the relevant
numbers.  (Please note, this is *not* in any way an indication I don't
believe you or that you're not correct, but when the drop occured is
relevant.)
   
>Acquiring weapons in Norway:
>You can buy (almost) all kinds of weapons in Norway, BUT you must have a 
>permit, and a good reason to get the permit....
>If I would like to have a handgun, i would have to get an gun-licence from 
>the police and to be a member of a gun-club.

       The primary objection (beyond ones based on the ideal of
RKBA that it is simply not something the government should do) is
that it makes guns a play-thing and tool of the rich and connected.
It discriminates against the poor.

       Is self-defense considered appropriate, and if so, under what
conditions?  (Are you allowed, for instance to get a gun for protection
if you're going to be carrying a very large sum of money on a regular
basis or have been threatened.)

>The police would check my criminal records for any SERIOUS crimes and/or
>records of SERIOUS mental diseases.

       This has been suggested in the U.S., and generally supported among
gun owners.  What many object to is that many, if not most, proposals
contain a sort of "gotcha" clause which allows an arbitrary denial, even
if you qualify in every way.

>Now, if a got my licence, I would have to be an active member of the gun
>-club for 6 months BEFORE I could collect my gun.
>It's a little like getting a drivers licence isn't it ???
>You have to prove that you CAN drive before you are allowed to...

       At this point, it should be pointed out that in general
a driver's licence in the U.S. is for the most part nothing like its
European counterpart.  I understand getting one is far more difficult
there than here.  In the U.S. it's a joke. 

       But my usual objection is that you're discussing two different
things.  For instance, in the U.S. a driver's license is a permit
to operate a motor vehicle on a public road.  It is not necessary
to own one, or to operate it on private property.  That is, the
ability to require driving permits is generally considered to arise
from the government's legitimate power to enact reasonable regulations
for behavior on public lands.  A permit to own an automobile, for instance,
which is far closer an analogy, would be a much harder thing to get
past legally, since it wouldn't be based on making regulations on public
property, but in restricting activity on private property.              

>Use of guns in crimes (in Norway):
>Some crimes are commited with guns that have been in the owners 'arms'
>for a long time, but these are rather the exeption.
>Most criminals accuire guns to use them in crimes, and mostly short 
>time befor the crime.
>
>Use of knives:
>It IS allowed to cary knifes in public, but not in your belt or 'open'.
>You (Americans) think it's ok to have a gun, but not to carry it open
>in public -rigth ??

        This varies *widely*.  (One thing I think Europeans have
a difficult time with is that the U.S. has fifty unique jurisdictions,
where the laws from one state to another can be as radically different
as from one country in Europe to another).

        Some places allow open carry of both guns and knives.  Some allow
concealed.  Some prohibit both, or allow one or the other.  And it can
be either a state or local restriciton.       

>Individual vs masses:
>Yes the individual is more important than the masses, but only to some
>extent....
>Your criminal laws are to protect the individuals who makes the masses ??
>What happens when the rigths of some individuals affects the rights of 
>all the others ??

       The question must be asked:  Is the right of *this* individual
affecting the rights of this *other* individual.  What we usually
get is that the rights of this *group* (meaning some individuals within
this group, here defined as "people who own guns,") are adversely affecting 
the rights of some other group.  

       If for instance, "Bob" were using his gun to attack "Steve," you'd
have a point.  But essentially what we're discussing is that becuase
some person who qualifies as a member of the group "people who own
guns" then some third person, perhaps in another *time zone* is told
that their being a member of that group is taking away somebody else's
rights.  It's like trying to punish all newspapers for the libel commited
by one.

>The issue:
>I believe the issue is GUNS, and gun-legislation.

       The issue is crime, violence, and murder.  The question is to
what extent guns and gun legislation impact those.

>We shouldn't mix weapons and items that can serve as one....
>IF i lived in Amerika I would probably have a gun to defend myselfe in HOME.
>But should it have to be like that ??

       Of course not.  It would be nice if we didn't have to fear that
other people might get it into their twisted little minds to hurt us.
But currently we don't have that option.  Nor do I expect we will.

>Do you think it's wise to sell guns like candy (some states do...) ??

       No state does.  In any case, there's a limit to which the state
may enforce it's "wisdom" on me.  Freedom in general is an unwise
concept.  If you pre-emptively restrict everything which might be
"unwise" then freedom becomes a meaningless concept.
   
>If you believe it's smart/neccacery to have drivers-licence WHY do you think
>it should be free to buy guns ??

       I'll raise my hand against driver's licenses.  As currently
implemented they're a waste of time and little more than revanue
generation for the State and ignored by a startling number of
drivers.  It does not guarantee a level of skill any higher than is
necessary to get your car on the road and get yourself or somebody
else killed, or a knowledge of traffic laws beyond what any ten year
old will have picked up riding around in his parents car.

       But, as I mentioned, they're two different things.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54268
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: HR 1276 ("A gun law I can live with!" :-)

In article <1993Apr15.171601.25930@dg-rtp.dg.com>, meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers) writes:

>                                     A BILL 
>   
> To establish the right to obtain firearms for security, and
>     to use firearms in defense of self, family, or home, and
>     to provide for the enforcement of such right.

Maybe I'm too "religious," but when I see a bill to "establish a right,"
I wince.  Keep in mind, what the law giveth, the law can taketh away.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54269
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Constitutionality of 18 U.S.C 922(o)

In article <1993Apr15.142322.1318@atlastele.com>, brians@atlastele.com (Brian Sheets) writes:
> You know, I was reading 18 U.S.C. 922 and something just did not make 
> sence and I was wondering if someone could help me out.
> 
> Say U.S.C. 922 :
> 
> (1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), it shall be unlawful for
> any person to transfer or possess a machinegun.
> 
>  Well I got to looking in my law dictionary and I found that a "person" 
> might also be an artificial entity that is created by government 
  ^^^^^
> and has no rights under the federal constitution. So, what I 
> don't understand is how a statute like 922 can be enforced on 
> an individual. So someone tell me how my government can tell
> me what I can or cannot possess. Just passing a law 
                                   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> does not make it LAW. 
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Sorry, but I really can't figure out what you're trying to say, above.

> Everyone knows that laws are constitional
> until it goes to court.

Not exactly:

"An unconstitutional act is not law; it confers no rights; it imposes
 no duties; affords no protection; it creates no office; it is in legal
 contemplation, as inoperative as though it had never been passed."
 Norton vs. Shelby County, 118 US 425 p.442

"The general rule is that an unconstitutional statute, though having the
 form and name of law, is in reality no law, but is wholly void, and
 ineffective for any purpose; since unconstitutionality dates from the
 time of it's enactment, and not merely from the date of the decision so
 branding it."

"No on is bound to obey an uncontitutional law, and no courts are
 bound to enforce it."
 16 Am Jur 2d, Sec 177
      late 2d, Sec 256

> So, has it ever gone to court, not
> just your run of the mill "Ok I had it I am guilty, put me in jail"
> Has anyone ever claimed that they had a right to possess and was told
> by the Supreme Court that they didn't have that right?

Automatic weapons?  No.  The Supreme Court has never heard such a case.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54270
From: vojak@icebucket.stortek.com (Bill Vojak)
Subject: ACLU policies

ACLU Official Policies.

Policy 18, for example, opposes rating systems for motion
pictures: "Industry sponsored ratings systems create the
potential for constraining the creative process and thus
contracting the marketplace of ideas. Despite the stated goal of
providing guidance to parents, experience has shown that ratings
inevitably have serious chilling effects on freedom of
expression."

In regards to the Pledge of Allegiance, the ACLU states in its
Policy 84: "The insertion of the words `under God' into the
Pledge of Allegiance is a violation of the constitutional
principle of separation of Church and State."

Policy 120 states that, "Military conscription under any
circumstances is a violation of civil liberties and
constitutional guarantees." The ACLU objects to the draft even
during wartime because of the "anti-democratic power it gives
government to wage war without support of the people."

Policy 125 states, "The ACLU calls for a broad-based inquiry into
war crimes within the widest possible definition of war crimes
against humanity, and crimes against the peace, focusing upon the
actions of the United States military and other combatants
against the people of South Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, and North
Vietnam."

Policy 133 states, "The ACLU recognizes that US government
reliance upon nuclear weaponry as a dominant element of foreign
and domestic policy, while propounded as a defense of democracy,
is in fact a great threat to civil liberties. Four decades of
adherence to this policy has fundamentally altered the nature of
our constitutional democratic process and poses a paramount
threat to our civil liberties."

Policy 217 objects to roadblocks "where drivers are stopped for
sobriety tests" because they "violate Fourth Amendment
principles." 

Policy 242 states the following on criminal
sentencing: "The most appropriate correctional approach is
reintegrating the offender into the community, and the goals of
reintegration are furthered much more readily by working with the
offender within the community than by incarceration. Probation
should be authorized by the legislature in every case; exceptions
to the principle are not favored, and any exceptions, if made,
should be limited to the most serious of offenses, such as murder
or treason."

                                Bill Vojak
                                vojak@icebucket.stortek.com
				NRA, ILA,
                                Colorado Firearms Coalition
------------------------------------------------------------
The CBS Nightly Propaganda With Dan Rather. (RATHER NOT!)
The CBS Nightly Propaganda With Dan Rather. (RATHER BIASED!)
------------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54271
From: vojak@icebucket.stortek.com (Bill Vojak)
Subject: UPI News Release


  UPI Washington DC, Update Desk			4/15/93

  For the past several months the Clinton administration has been
  stymied by mixed signals coming from the economy.  While most
  leading indicators has shown an apparent improvement in the 
  economy, there has been no corresponding improvement in the area
  of jobs creation.

  The unemployment figures seem stalled at the 7% mark.  last month,
  in an effort to understand this problem, President Clinton appointed
  a blue ribbon panel to try to resolve the apparent conflicting
  economic signals.  This panel was chaired by Vice President Gore.

  Today the panel released their results, providing a shocking conclusion.
  "It's the guns" Vice President Gore said.  Apparently NRA members, and other
  "gun-nuts" are purchasing firearms at in record numbers, pulling the
  economy out of the recession.  "Their buying them five times faster than
  ever before, and stockpiling left and right", the Vice President said.  

  However, since many domestic firearm and ammunition manufacturers have
  been experiencing hard times during the past few years, including several
  declarations of bankruptcy by many leading American gun makers, they have
  not rushed to increase hiring to meet the new demand.

  "We want to see if this run will continue before hiring more people", said
  the President of Colt industries.  "As long as Clinton is in office, we
  suspect it will", he added.

  In response to this new information, President Clinton announced a new
  Gun Control measure to be introduced into Congress this session.  It's 
  called the "Ban-One-A-Month" Gun Control Bill.  Under the terms of this law,
  every make and model of all firearms will be written on individual index 
  cards.  The cards will all be put in a big hat and the President will draw
  one card every month.  Sixty days later that gun will be banned from any
  further manufacture/importation or sale in this country, except to the
  politically connected and to members of the National Police Force.

  The President said, "This law will benefit America two ways.  When the
  Gun-Of-The-Month is announced every thirty days, the gun-nuts will run
  out and buy thousands of them, boosting the economy even more.  In addition,
  over the long run, we will get all of these icky-evil guns off of the
  street."  He also announce the appointment of Sarah Brady to oversee
  this program, citing her "Honesty, and unbiased view on the subject
  of gun control".

  Senators Metzenbaum, DeConcini, Feinstein, and Boxer have proposed an
  amendment to the Bill which would add additional index cards containing
  caliber designations for all know ammunitions.  "Their stockpiling,
  stockpiling, stockpiling" screamed Metzenbaum during a press conference
  at the national Headquarters of Handgun Control Inc.

  Senators Simon, Metzenbaum, and Moyenhan also introduced an amendment
  that would make all guns illegal to possess once the last card has been
  drawn from the hat.  Senator Simon was quoted as saying, "First we'll
  fuck em, then we'll kick em out of bed in the morning", during a press
  conference he held in the second floor Mens Restroom of the Senate
  building.  He of course was referring to the fact that he would allow
  the people to purchase the guns to help the economy, but would require
  the BATF to seize all of the guns in America sometime in the year 2008,
  after all of the cards have been drawn.

  The head of the BATF responded by saying, "We will have to see if this
  thing in Waco is over by then.  We may be too busy to seize all those
  guns".

  US House Representatives Pat Schroeder and David Skaggs of Colorado
  declared this proposed law as being "reasonable gun control which won't
  affect anybodys Constitutional right to own sporting guns".

  - end article -

  For the humor impaired :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-) 

                                Bill Vojak
                                vojak@icebucket.stortek.com
				NRA, ILA,
                                Colorado Firearms Coalition
------------------------------------------------------------
The CBS Nightly Propaganda With Dan Rather. (RATHER NOT!)
The CBS Nightly Propaganda With Dan Rather. (RATHER BIASED!)
------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54272
From: arf@genesis.MCS.COM (Jack Schmidling)
Subject: Re: Gritz/JBS/Liberty Lobby/LaRouche/Christic Insitute/Libertarian/....

In article <1qanj0$22d@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> cj195@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (John W. Redelfs) writes:
>How many are aware that the Gun Control Act of 1968 is a verbatim translation
>of a Nazi gun control law passed shortly before the Holocaust?
>
>For those of you who think I'm being paranoid in asking these questions,
>pray that you are right.  Unchecked democracies usually end in
>dictatorship.  Remember, Germany was a democracy when Hitler rose to power. 
>Can we be absolutely certain nothing like that could happen today? 

I can't speak for the organizations you cited but everywhere you look in
our society and government, one can see the relentless movement toward
one world government.  The fact that the media demeans such charished 
values as patriotism, nationalism and protectionism are some of the
clues.  The fact that we are sapping the economic strength of americans
to prop up a former and possibly future enemy is just another.  The fact
the words like community of nations, global village and international
business are in vogue are others.  International corporations are 
destroying our identy and economy and the propaganda they are playing
through the media and government is over powering our ability to resist.
Our porous border both people and trade are an indiciation that we have
already lost a great deal of sovergnty.

The bottome line is that the single most evil aspect of One World
Government is that you have nowhere to run to and history has proven
that would be a disaster.  

Beware the LIBERAL and the conservative and the moderate.  Think for yourself


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54273
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <CMM.0.90.2.734911642.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no>, Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:

> If I would like to have a handgun, i would have to get an gun-licence from 
> the police and to be a member of a gun-club.
> The police would check my criminal records for any SERIOUS crimes and/or
> records of SERIOUS mental diseases.
> Now, if a got my licence, I would have to be an active member of the gun
> -club for 6 months BEFORE I could collect my gun.

So, like, what do you do during those six months to be "active?"
My town has a similar requirement, and it's rather stupid.  Before
you can buy a handgun, you have to be an active member of a gun club.
Well, how active can you be without a gun, chief?

Most gun owners feel a check of criminal records for crimes and mental
disorders would be a very good thing -- IF it couldn't be abused by the
government.  But every time this is proposed, there is always some
trapdoor by which the government can deny your purchase EVEN IF you
are perfectly qualified to own a gun.  And we oppose this.

> It's a little like getting a drivers licence isn't it ???
> You have to prove that you CAN drive before you are allowed to...

Since the fatal accident rate for licensed automobile drivers in the US 
is around 50 times the fatal accident rate of largely unlicensed gun
owners, I'd think twice before using this analogy.

Besides, the problem is criminal use of guns, not accidents.  (There
are about 500,000 criminal uses of guns in the US every year -- but
only 1,400 accidents.)  I don't think it's necessary to spend a lot
of energy making sure a criminal CAN shoot a gun before he gets one.

Just like the check, most gun owners feel positively about requiring
safety courses -- IF they couldn't be abused by the government.  But 
they already have!  One state doesn't hold the courses, another doesn't 
fund them, a third holds them only once a year with limited attendence 
to those with political connections.  Is this fair?

> Most criminals accuire guns to use them in crimes, and mostly short 
> time befor the crime.

And how many of them acquire these guns from legal retail outlets?
How many are borrowed, stolen, smuggled, bought on the black market?

> Use of knives:
> It IS allowed to cary knifes in public, but not in your belt or 'open'.
> You (Americans) think it's ok to have a gun, but not to carry it open
> in public -rigth ??

Some states allow ONLY open carry.  Some allow ONLY concealed carry.
Some allow both.  Some allow both, but require licenses for concealed 
carry.  All you can say is if one of these modes has a clear advantage
over another in terms of reducing crime or any other public good,
then state legislators SOMEPLACE are doing exactly the wrong thing.
Which means that they really don't have any objective reasons for 
these laws other than their preferences -- a bad way to govern.

> Scandinavians ARE 'aggressive':
> We northeners are not as hot-livered as southeners, but when we decide
> to take action we DO.

("Hot-livered."  I LOVE that expression.  Here, we say "hot-headed.")

> Individual vs masses:
> Yes the individual is more important than the masses, but only to some
> extent....
> Your criminal laws are to protect the individuals who makes the masses ??
> What happens when the rigths of some individuals affects the rights of 
> all the others ??

Typically, the only criminals who can affect the rights of ALL the other
people are criminals in government offices.  The rest of our criminals
affect the rights of only one or a few people at a time, and they do this
during the commission of a crime.  POSSESSION of a gun by someone hurts
NO ONE else.  It is when they do something violent with that gun that
the crime occurs.  Of course, it is a crime for a felon or ex-felon to
possess a gun, but we don't feel it is right to treat common citizens
who have lived good lives as if they were just "pre-felons" waiting to
commit crimes.

> We shouldn't mix weapons and items that can serve as one....

I don't understand this sentence.

> IF i lived in Amerika I would probably have a gun to defend myselfe in HOME.
> But should it have to be like that ??

Life isn't fair.  I shouldn't need a fire extinguisher either, or
flood and theft insurance, or to lock the doors of my house and car.
But pining for a better world won't do anything to address what I have
to do to live in this one.

> Do you think it's wise to sell guns like candy (some states do...) ??

None of ours, I'm sure.

> If you believe it's smart/neccacery to have drivers-licence WHY do you think
> it should be free to buy guns ??

Frankly, I'm not sure I know what good a driver's license does anyone,
either.  The people who drive safely never use it, and the people who 
drive drunk, drive without it!

However, a car is a good tool, but not one that protects my right to life.
I rank the right to life somewhere north of the right to travel freely.

> I'm not a pacifist or anti gun. 
> I would defend my home, loved ones and country, but I don't view guns as
> neccities or toys.
> I HAVE done army service, and HAVE used a variaty of weapons, but wouldn't
> want to have one for self defence or because they 'feel good'....

The question is not whether or not you want to own guns personally.  It's
whether or not you think that ALL people should be forced to do as you do.
I don't have any problem with someone who says they would never own a gun.
I do have a problem with someone who says I should be prevented from owning
one, too.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54274
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: [long]: Gun Hearings Day in Massachusetts (April 7)

[This is a co-authored report from two of us who were there.]

Gun Owners Action League, our state rifle association, started the day
with a rally in the secluded courtyard behind the statehouse at 9:30.
It was looking sparse (about 40 people) until the speaker began,
whereupon about 120 more people followed the loudspeakers from
wherever they had been lost, and filled out the area something proud.

Mike Yacino of GOAL spoke.  One of his best throwaway lines was to
remind us that all of us holders of carry permits there had been
checked and certified clear of all crimes by the state; while the
people in the Statehouse behind us only had to be certified clean of
"election fraud" to hold their jobs.

Nancy Snow and Amos Hamburger were busy handing out ID buttons and
sheets describing all the bills to be presented at the hearings, and
telling people where to find their own representatives (and in too
many cases, who they were).

Mike warned us that the committee was going to suspend its rules and
discuss a bill that hadn't made it onto the official list.  It seems a
delegation of students from Simon's Rock of Bard College (alma mater
of Wayne Lo, who shot up the place with an SKS late last year) was
being bussed in to testify for a bill to ban all sales of firearms or
ammo to anyone who is not a state resident.

The hearings were originally scheduled in the (large) Gardner
Auditorium at 10:30, but that had been pre-empted by the Governor's
hearings on the Framingham Eight (women in prison for killing abusive
husbands, and seeking release).  So we had until 1:30 to buttonhole
our representatives, after which we would be squashed into an
inadequate hearing room.

One of my representatives' staffers was somewhat offensively smarmy.
He said, "Oh, it must be gun hearings day again!  The gun lobby is
always so organized every year."  I got a little pissed, and replied,
"I'm not from the gun lobby -- I'm from your district."

At 12:30, your second reporter arrived in time to notice a
demonstration going on in front of the statehouse (where the
pro-gunners weren't).  Randy Price from the TV News was there, in his
mirror reflective shades, talking to one of the anti-gun types, and
several Simon's Rock anti-gun "close-the-loophole" protestors.
(Earlier, Randy had covered the GOAL rally.)

The room we had been assigned seated about 50.  Remember, there were
about 160 gun owners there, plus another 20-30 students and teachers
from Bard.  One of us had already reserved a seat; the other never got
closer than the atrium outside -- and there was a crowd behind HIM.  A
cop took up station at the entrance and prevented the rest of the
crowd from coming in.  Soon after the debate started, a loudspeaker
was set up outside in the hall for the benefit of everyone else.

Everyone who was there (inside and outside) got to sign up on a sheet
saying what their position was on which bills.  Most of us signed up
to "support GOAL's position" on "all bills."

First, because of their time constraints, public officials got to
testify.  And first up was the bill that nobody had seen (the students
had some curfew, I guess).  

Currently, Massachusetts law allows a non-resident to purchase long
guns or ammo from a local dealer provided he complies with the laws of
his own state.  Previously, the law was similar, but applied only to
non-residents from states adjoining Massachusetts.  The Simon's Rock
folks called the current law a "loophole" and wanted it closed.

Two of their reps spoke about Wayne Lo and his "SKS assault rifle."
The second one, Hodgekiss, a co-sponsor, had done his homework so well
that he kept confusing Montana (Wayne Lo's home state) with Missouri,
and became belligerent when about five gun owners in the gallery
corrected him after his second muff.  Carr, from Gloucester, claimed
that the new bill would put the law back the way it was, but he was
lying: the new bill allows purchases by non-residents of adjoining
states ONLY if they have licensing in their own state "as strong as"
that in Massachusetts.  Since none of them do, that's that.

Some of the things these two said were really offensive.  "In some of
these other states, anyone can buy a gun as long as he's breathing!"
(Oooooo!)  "We have some very, very good gun laws in Massachusetts; if
only the other states would adopt the same type of laws, we wouldn't
be having this situation -- but they won't."  (Naughty, naughty!)

Next up was Boston city councilman Albert "Dapper" O'Neill.  He was
there to testify pro-gun, but in some ways he was a liability.  He's
reasonably elderly and tends to wander and repeat himself, plus he's
almost a caricature of a law-n-order politician.  He badmouthed the
ACLU, said violent criminals should be executed, and that if he were
judge, he'd give arrestees their "last rights" (pun intended) on the
spot (at which many of the gun owners applauded, which bothered me.)
He said that all the proposed gun restrictions were a step in the
right direction -- for the criminals.  He said this FOUR times :-(

Two of the bills under consideration would allow police to rescind a
CCW or FID, and confiscate all your guns, if someone had filed a
restraining order against you.  (Note that the filing of a restraining
order requires no warrant, no hearing, no evidence, and no conviction
-- just an accusation.)  Senator Barrett of Reading testified in favor
of it, and patronized the pro-gunners there several times by saying,
"I'm sure all the gun owners here will agree with me that we have to
get these weapons out of the hands of people that our courts have
convicted."  I haven't seen such a disgustingly disingenuous
performance since Nixon whined that he wasn't a crook.

Barrett also spoke in favor of the bill making the FID card renewable
every five years, instead of permanent as it is now.  The stated
purpose is to remove FID cards from those who have become ineligible.
"Revenue has nothing to do with it."  (Yeah, right.)  Apparently, some
congressmen think we're stupid enough to swallow the argument that
it's preferable to process 1.6 million renewals every cycle in the
vague hope of catching a recent felon than to simply take the goddamn
card away from a criminal at conviction time.  As usual, hassle the
law-abiding instead of the crook.

The two co-chairs of the committee were Rep. Caron and Sen. Jujuga.
Jujuga didn't say much (he was a co-sponsor of both "restraining
order" bills) but Caron struck me as a sharp guy that wouldn't let any
bad logic or lies on the part of either side to go unchallenged.  (He 
was a co-sponsor of one of the "restraining order" bills as well.)  One
of the younger reps on the committee (forgot his name) was
vociferously pro-gun, somewhat embarrassingly so.  His heart was in
the right place, but his arguments seemed to be confined to, "every
year it's the same damn thing, you come in here with this crap..."
It's nice to have a friend on the committee, but he could have been
more effective.

At about 3:00, it was clear that the hall-jam couldn't continue.
Someone came out of another meeting hall and yelled at the cop because
the loudspeaker was disturbing their meeting, so the loudspeaker was
disconnected.  So they found a bigger hall upstairs.  One of us had
to leave to catch his charter bus, and so missed the "public"
testimony; the other got a seat this time.

Caron began by talking about how he got his FID 16 years ago, left the
state, and then returned without notifying them of his address change.
He complained that the state record system was not up-to-date and that
his PD back in his city of birth still thought he lived there.  Great
quote: "If you purchase a gun today, it will not get into the state
computer system until 1999."  (This was also an argument he used
against the renewable FID card.)

Testimony was heard from several "battered women," one of whom had
been attacked by some guy in his 20's who had an FID card because he
got it when he was 15 or thereabouts.  They used a lot of emotion and
said how they were scared of these men.  A staffer of Attorney General
Harshbarger testified in favor of this anti-gun bill, saying how
50,000 restraining orders were granted last year, and how these women
needed to be protected.  Caron noted that a restraining order was
granted for 10 days, and then a hearing was held to determine whether
the order would be extended to a year.  He asked whether she would be
satisfied if the FID were revoked at the time of this hearing rather
than after the initial issuance of the FID.  She gave some long
rambling circumlocution in response.

Then testimony against the bill was heard.  Mike Yacino (who looks
something like Einstein) got up and made the point that restraining
orders were issued on too little evidence, that judges like to issue
restraining orders just to let things cool off no matter who they
think is right (man or woman), and that the hearings for restraining
orders are lightning sessions with little time to consider facts.
Atty. Karen McNutt spoke with him a few times during his testimony.

Other pro-gunners got up to testify.  One said he had had to file a
restraining order against a tenant to clear her out, and that she
countered by filing one against him!  He noted that this would have
allowed the state to confiscate his guns if the new bill became law.
One of the junior reps noted that "this is America" and we have to be
certain that individual rights are respected.  Senator Jujuga
reiterated this, saying that "people who abuse smaller people can go
to Hell as far as I care, but we have to be careful about equating
conviction with a restraining order."  (Point and match, Senator.)

Another pro-gunner got up and testified that he didn't know his
citizenship "expired every 5 years," and that a driver's license was a
privilege, not a right like the right to keep and bear arms.

A third got up and said the problem was with the criminal justice
system, and argued in favor of a death penalty bill and public
hangings.  Senator Jujuga said he had himself tried to get a death
penalty bill passed, and joking responded that he, too, favored public
hangings.  The speaker then responded, "I'll make you a deal.  You get
me the rope, and I'll tie the noose."

Next came public testimony on the Simon's Rock bill.  A teacher
testified that she had been the teacher of Wayne Lo, and that "he
wouldn't have been able to shoot people inside a building while he was
outside" without his evil gun.  She said that the "loophole" should be
closed to prevent something like this from "ever happening again".

Four or five other kids testified in favor of this bill, one of
spilling tears for the good legislators.  One of the students actually
shot by Wayne Lo was also there.  Many of them had T shirts on,
saying, "As long as one person can buy a gun in anger, none of us are
safe -- support gun control."  The committee was reluctant to grill or
correct the kids, except for Caron, who corrected one student who had
claimed that anyone could apply for an FID.  "Only residents can get
FID's," he said.  (How much do you want to bet that this kid had no
idea he had been conned into testifying for a bill that would cut
out-of-staters completely off?)

Yacino and McNutt spoke again, this time noting that the bill as
written would affect both ammo AND ALL guns possessed by
out-of-staters.  Karen also noted that hunters in CT, NH, and VT could
be put away for a year if they wandered across the MA boundary
somewhere in the woods and got challenged by game wardens.  Yacino
underscored the fact that Lo COULD have gotten an FID as a resident
student -- and, hell, even an CCW, as he had NO criminal or mental
record.

One junior rep was upset that it would take MA residents longer to buy
a gun than out-of-staters, and thought it was "elitist".  Another
(Caron?) said that we need the protection of preventing non-residents
from buying without an FID because only two other states in the union
had "FID-type" cards, so complying with all the laws of one's home
state was "not enough."  One pro-gun speaker replied that this
resembled a mother watching her son in a marching band and exclaiming,
"Everyone's out of step but Johnny!"

All the Bard College people were filing out as the pro-gun testimony
for this bill was made, and thus only pro-gunners were around when the
other bills came under consideration.  The main bills remaining (and
GOAL's position) were:

o  H.4375 and four others: Notify police chiefs so they can pull 
   licenses when a holder is convicted (strongly supported)

o  H.1732: Require trigger locks on all handguns sold (opposed)

o  H.962: Require trigger locks on all loaded firearms (strongly
   opposed)

o  H.1350: Allow every municipality to enact their own gun laws 
   (opposed)

o  H.1731: Fund bullet-proof vests for municipal police (supported)

o  S.1097: State Constitutional Amendment for the RKBA (supported)

o  Several on police discretion in the issuance of FID cards (opposed)

o  Several altering non-resident license conditions (supported)

o  H.1135: Ban damn near all guns everywhere in the state (guess!)

Some of these took only 30 seconds to consider, as the remaining
pro-gunners raised hands in unison either for or against them.

Mike Yacino noted that, besides the danger in screwing with a trigger
lock on a loaded gun, that bill would make it illegal for a licensee
to carry his concealed handgun unless it were locked.

Caron blew right through H.1350 when he saw that we opposed it.
Again, he brought up the state's archaic records capability and said,
"This would create hundreds of different licensing systems."

The session ran late -- since it was the last scheduled hearing, it
could not be adjourned until everyone who wanted to had testified.  It
ended at about 6:30.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54275
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: HR 1276 ("A gun law I can live with!" :-)

cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:

>In article <1993Apr15.171601.25930@dg-rtp.dg.com>, meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers) writes:

>>                                     A BILL 
>>   
>> To establish the right to obtain firearms for security, and
>>     to use firearms in defense of self, family, or home, and
>>     to provide for the enforcement of such right.

>Maybe I'm too "religious," but when I see a bill to "establish a right,"
>I wince.  Keep in mind, what the law giveth, the law can taketh away.
>-- 

>cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
>OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...

I don't think your objection is beyond the bounds of rationality.  The
right mentioned in the bill is already established under the Second
Amendment; the bill should be reworded to reaffirm the Second Amendment
RKBA, and then establish the procedures for redress through the federal
court system.

The right already exists and is already embodied in our Constitution.

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54277
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Clinton wants National ID card, aka USSR-style "Internal Passport"

In article <C5JIF8.I4n@boi.hp.com> slack@boi.hp.com (David Slack) writes:
>The idea of the card is bull in and of its self, but I'm curious to know, do 
>they plan on making it a requirement to *always* have it on you, or is it 
>only going to be required to be *presented* when trying to ge medical aid?

This, at least, has already been determined: The Blue Cross medical
coverage for all federal employees is a good model for a future
national system. To get emergency medical care, anyone so insured
must always carry their Blue Cross card. Before entering a hospital,
you must notify Blue Cross, or they will refuse to pay your bills. 
In an emergency, where you must be treated before notifying them, 
you must inform them within 24 hours or (if you are unable to do
so for medical reasons) the hospital must. Failing to do so within
24 hours means they will not cover the hospitalization. In you need
your card to notify them (and without the card, the hospital certainly
wouldn't know they had to.) Therefore, you are required to carry
the card at all times, or do without emergency medical coverage.

                                                 Frank Crary
                                                 CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54278
From: cathy@LANCE.ColoState.Edu (Cathy Smith)
Subject: Re: UPI News Release


Cathy Smith posting for L. Neil Smith

Dear Bill -- 

Very, VERY good -- you made my whole day with this post. Thanks
a lot.

L. Neil Smith

My opinions are, of course, my own.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54279
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1993Apr15.202811.29312@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>,
andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:
>
>>I have been at a shooting range where
>>gang members were "practicing" shooting.
>
>How do "we" know that they were gang members and not undercover cops
>or even law-abiding menacing minorities.  BTW - Why the sneer quotes?
>
"We" know because the area that the gun shop/shooting range is in is right on
the border of the west side of Chicago.  That is a gang infested area.  There
are many, many bad things going on in that area.  Also, I have several friends
that live very close to that area who have had problems with some of these
folks.  By the way, where did I say that they were minorities?  Do you think
that only minorities have gangs?  Not so.  As far as the quotes are concerned
it was totally obvious that they weren't just practicing for marksmanship.  I
don't know about you but I have never seen anyone else practice marksmanship by
taking their gun out of their coat as fast as possible and start shooting.  If
you would have been there Andy it would've been obvious to you too.  Of course
it might not have been.  Who knows.  All I do know is that I was there, I live
here and I know that they were gang bangers.  When you live here long enough it
becomes pretty easy to spot them via gang colors, gang signs, etc.  One last
thing.  My sister is a social worker.  She makes it her point to find these
things out (gang signs, colors, etc) because it is in her best interest to do
so.  She is nice enough to let me know these things so I can watch out for
myself as I live right on the border of the west side of the city. Enough said.

Jason

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54280
From: dlo@druwa.ATT.COM (OlsonDL)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

In article <1qc5sa$obl@pandora.sdsu.edu>, chiu@io.nosc.mil (Francis Chiu) writes:
}     A note on the lighter side, I've noticed most gun-banners (some of my
}   friends included) are the one who make comments that indicate they are 
}   more likely to resort to violent.  So are they really banning guns so they 
}   wouldn't end up shooting someone else?

Could be.

It is also likely that since they feel they are more likely to resort to
violence, they have a hard time believing that anyone else would react
otherwise.
--
David Olson            dlo@drutx.att.com
"Well, I did say we'll put it out and we'll put it out when we can.
 But I don't know what we can put out or when we can put it out."
 -- George Stephanopolous.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54281
From: dlo@druwa.ATT.COM (OlsonDL)
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

In article <1993Apr14.182610.2330@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu>, jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
} 	The vast majority get through life without ever having to
} 	own, use or display a firearm.
} ...
} 
}       Given society
} 	as we now experience it - it seems safer to get rid of
} 	as many guns as possible.

Considering that the uses include self defense, hunting, target shooting
and collecting, I don't buy the notion that the vast majority of people
don't "own, use or display a firearm".

But let's say your contention is true.  What's the point of "get[ting]
rid of as many guns as possible", if they weren't being used anyway?
--
David Olson            dlo@drutx.att.com
"Well, I did say we'll put it out and we'll put it out when we can.
 But I don't know what we can put out or when we can put it out."
 -- George Stephanopolous.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54282
From: joan@koala.berkeley.edu ()
Subject: Re: Newspapers censoring gun advertisements


I don't know what Traders is claiming, but it appears to me that
the Oakland Tribune has censored gun ads in the past.  Likewise
for the San Francisco Chronicle, and I have never seen a gun
ad in the San Francisco Examiner.

Specifically, about a year ago on Thursdays, when Traders placed
its ads, the Chron. ad would not have any graphics representing
any handgun sale, though text could list it.  The Trib. would
run a graphic of a handgun.  The Examiner would not have a Traders
ad at all.

Over the past year while Oakland politicians have made a lot of noise
about measures to fight crime the Trib stopped taking the Traders
ad, then started publishing it, but without any handgun graphic, then
stopped, then started.  Since the Trib. was sold some months ago it
has not had the Traders ad.  During one of these non-ad interludes
a Traders employee told me that the Trib. had refused to take their
ads.

Yes, the usual Chron. Thursday ad was there today, with graphics
representing rifles, safes, etc. as usual.

Joan V

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54283
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Insane Gun-toting Wackos Unite!!!

>> Do you know how many deaths each year are caused by self-inflicted gun-
>> shot wounds by people wearing thigh holsters?

There are roughly 1200 fatal, firearms-related accidents each year.
The large majority involve rifles and shotgun; there are under 500
fatal handgun accidents each year. I really doubt all of those
occur while the pistol is holstered, so the number of "self-inflicted
gunshot wounds by people wearing thigh holsters" is probably
well under 250 per year.

>>If you fall, for example,
>> and land on the handgun or cause a sudden blow, the gun will discharge.

Handguns designs have included a "hammer block" since around 1960
or earlier. This is a metal part which physically seperates
the cartridge and the firing pin: Even under impact, the gun
cannot fire. The hammer block is connected to the trigger and
is pulled out of the way as the trigger is pulled. As a result,
modern pistols can fire _only_ if the trigger is pulled (or 
in some cases, if they are cocked by hand and then dropped.) 

>> The number of people killed in this manner far outweighs the number of
>> deaths caused by animal attacks or "wacko" attacks combined.

I don't know about animal attacks, but there are 23,500 murders 
each year and under 500 die in the manner you suggest. If only
2.1% of the murders were killings by "wacko"s, you would be
wrong. Worse, there are also 102,500 rapes and 1,055,000 aggravated
assaults each year. These numbers make violent attacks, and 
preventing them, thousands of times more significant than the
accidents you are worried about.

(These figures, by the way, are from the FBI's "Uniform Crime
Report" for 1990. I'll stop by a library tomorrow and look at
the "National Crime Victimization Survey", which is more
specific about where and when the crimes occured.)

                                              Frank Crary
                                              CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54284
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: DeConcini -- ten years ago and today

 Dennis Deconcini, 1982
 
...In these and similar areas, the
Bureau has violated not only the dictates of common sense, but of 5
U.S.C. Sec 552, which was intended to prevent "secret lawmaking" by
administrative bodies.
   These practices, amply documented in hearings before this Sub-
committee, leave little doubt that the Bureau has disregarded
rights guaranteed by the constitution and laws of the United
States.
   It has trampled upon the second amendment by chilling exercise
of the right to keep and bear arms by law-abiding citizens.
   It has offended the fourth amendment by unreasonably search-
ing and seizing private property.
   It has ignored the Fifth Amendment by taking private property
without just compensation and by entrapping honest citizens with-
out regard for their right to due process of law.
   The rebuttal presented to the Subcommittee by the Bureau was
utterly unconvincing. Richard Davis, speaking on behalf of the
Treasury Department, asserted vaguely that the Bureau's priorities
were aimed at prosecuting willful violators, particularly felons ille-
gally in possession, and at confiscating only guns actually likely to
be used in crime. He also asserted that the Bureau has recently
made great strides toward achieving these priorities. No documen-
tation was offered for either of these assertions. In hearings before
BATF's Appropriations Subcommittee, however, expert evidence
was submitted establishing that approximately 75 percent of BATF
gun prosecutions were aimed at ordinary citizens who had neither
criminal intent nor knowledge, but were enticed by agents into
unknowning technical violations.
 
( Exerpt from: 97th Congress; 2d Session   COMMITTEE PRINT
     T H E   R I G H T   T O   K E E P   A N D   B E A R   A R M S
                                REPORT
                                of the
                   SUBCOMMITTEE ON THE CONSTITUTION
                                of the
                      COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY
                         UNITED STATES SENATE
                        NINETY-SEVENTH CONGRESS
                            SECOND SESSION
                             FEBRUARY, 1982
        Printed for the use of the Committee on the Judiciary
                    U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE
88-618 O
                        WASHINGTON : 1982
 
 
Letter to Constituent: April 1993
 
 
Thank you for contacting me regarding the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco,
and Firearms (ATF), which is the Federal law enforcement agency with
jurisdiction over firearms violations and regulations.
 
It has been my experience as chairman of the Appropriations
Subcommittee on Treasury, Postal Service and General Government which
funds ATF, that ATF is one of the most competent and highly
professional law enforcement agencies in the Federal government.
The agents of ATF have proven their value again and again in
successful, legal operations to curb the unlawful possession and use
of firearms, especially in the area of  drug-related crimes.  It
enforces the Armed Career Criminal Act which calls for mandatory
minimum sentences for repeat felons using firearms to carry out  an
illegal activity.  The Bureau has made itself a key component in
preventing gang related violence, also, both by educating at-risk
youth to the dangers of gang membership as well a s by depriving known
gangs from access to weapons.
 
The Waco, Texas case involved the execution of search warrants by ATF
on the Branch Davidians for illegal firearms and explosives possession
(automatics, semi-automatics, and machine-guns, in addition to bombs
and other explosives.)  In virtually every gun case, ATF is asked to
trace weapons through its' National Firearms Tracing Center, where
they keep all dealer and Federal firearms license information.  ATF
is the Federal governments' firearms expert and routinely works with
state and local police to execute warrants.  ATF, working with state
and local law enforcement in Texas and the U.S. Attorneys' office
felt it was necessary to execute these warrants in order to legally
establish that a crime had been committed and conclude a long and
thorough investigation of illegal gun and explosives held by members
of the Branch Davidians.  In addition, ATF carefully selected a
Sunday morning, knowing from their source, inside, that the men would
be separated from the women and children and not in the area where
it was known that the illegal weapons were stored.
 
As you may be aware by now, Vernon Howell a.k.a. David Koresh
spiritual leader of the Branch Davidians was tipped of the impending
execution of the search warrants.  Unfortunately, ATF lost the
element of surprise and the cult was able to arm themselves  and
prepare for ATFs' entry into the compound.  Once a hostage situation
presented itself, the ATF asked the FBI to become involved since the
FBI is skilled in hostage negotiations.  In addition, and military
tanks were brought in due to the serious nature of the situation and
firepower of the Branch Davidians.
 
Based on what I have learned about ATF's role in the Branch Davidian
raid, I believe the agency acted responsibly.  I am, however, deeply
saddened by the loss of lives of the 4 law enforcement agents who
attempted to enter the compound and the civilian members of the
cult.  I fully expect the Department of  Treasury to conduct a
thorough evaluation with representatives from law enforcement outside
the Department to be headed by the Assistant Secretary for
Enforcement.  In addition, ATF will conduct its' own review of the
Waco operation.  I look forward to reviewing the findings of the
evaluators and hope this situation in Waco will be brought to a quick
and peaceful conclusion.
 
Sincerely,
 
Dennis DeConcini
Chairman
Subcommittee on Treasury,
Postal Service and
General Government
 
April 7, 1993
 
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54285
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Crimestrike Alert for Texas

Fellow Texans and Members of Crime Strike in Texas
 
Crime Strike in Texas has a loosely knit coalition with most
Victims Rights Groups in Texas. We ask that you write a
letter protesting the release of the following murderer.
 
This letter should be written to :
 
Raven Kazen - Victims Services
Board of Pardons and Paroles
P.O. Box 13401 - Capital Station
Austin, Texas 78711
 
The letter should be written if at all possible on RED PAPER
as that was agreed on at one of our first meetings . It
represents the coalition and all of its parts as well as the
heart ache of those left behind and the blood spilled by
these criminals. The letter should have only one name on it
so it can be filed in the folder of that criminal waiting for
his next try at parole.
 
List of Criminals:
 
Today we have only one parole to protest , On October 4,
1990, Mark Steven Hughes rendered numerous blows to the head
of James Allen Pompa . Ten month old James went into a coma
and died two days later.
 
On July 8, 1992, Mark Steven Hughes pled guilty to Injury to
a Child and received a ten-year sentence. According to Texas
law, Mark became eligible for parole on January 4, 1992 --
six months before he was even sentenced!
 
Would you join us in strongly protesting the release from
prison of Mark Steven Hughes, who beat a baby to death .
 
Mark Steven Hughes - beat to death the baby boy of
Russel Pompa -- Reference Mark Steven Hughes - TDC# 633546
 
 
Mark your envelope   "PROTEST LETTER" on the front and back.
 
A typical letter is indicated on the next page ---
 
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
 
Irvin Wilson - Volunteer Crime Strike Texas
 
 
Date: April 13, 1993
 
Raven Kazen - Victims Services
Board of Pardons and Paroles
P.O. Box 13401 - Capital Station
Austin , Texas 78711
 
I protest the parole of Mark Steven Hughes TDC#633546, who,
murdered James Son of Russel Pompa.
 
He should be kept in prison for his full sentence and not be
released at any time prior to his full sentence for any
reason.
 
 
Irvin Wilson
Houston, Texas
 
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54286
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Ohio Legislative Alert -- H.B. 278

OHIO HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVE  TUEDAY, APRIL 6, 1993
 
H.B. NO. 278- REPRESENTATIVE BEATTY
 
        TO AMMEND  SECTION 2923.11, 2923.17, AND 2923.20 AND TO ENACT 
N 2923.181 OF THE REVISED CODE TO EXPAND THE DEFINTION OF DANGEROUS 
ORDINANCE TO INCLUDE MILITARY WEAPONS THAT DO NOT USE BOLT ACTION, TO 
INCREASE THE PENALTY FOR A VIOLATION OF THE PROHIBTION AGAINST POSSESION 
OF DANGEROUS ORDINANCE, TO PROHIBIT ANY PERSON FROM ACQUIRING A MILITARY 
WEAPON ON OR AFTER THE ACT'SEFFECTIVE DATE, TO REQUIRE THE LICENSURE OF 
MILITARY WEAPONS ACQUIRED FOR A PROPER PURPOSE PRIOR TO THE ACT'S 
EFFECTIVE DATE, TO PROHIBIT A PERSON FROM IMPORTING, MANUFACTURING, OR 
SELLING A MILITARY WEAPON, AND TO DECLARE AN EMERGENCY.
 
As of Monday, April 12, 1993  H.B. 278 had not been assigned to a 
committee.  Introduced as an emergency measure if this passes there is no 
chance for a reforendum, and would go into effect immediately as opposed 
to the state requirement of 90 days before a law goes into effect.
 
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54287
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Ohio Legislative Alert -- H.B. 287

OHIO HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVE   THURSDAY, APRIL 8, 1993
 
H.B. NO. 287- REPRESENTATIVES SEESE, DAVIS, BATCHELDER, AMSTUTZ, T. 
JOHNSON, VAN VYVEN, WACHTMANN, WHITE, DI DONATO, BOGGS, LOGAN
 
        TO AMEND SECTION 1531.01 OF THE REVISED CODE TO ADD MOURNING DOVE 
TO THE GAME BIRD LIST AND PERMIT THE CHIEF OF THE DIVISION OF WILDLIFE IN 
THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TO REGULATE THE HUNTING OF MOURNING 
DOVES, AND TO MAKE AN APPROPRIATION.
 
This would allow the hunting of mourning doves in Ohio and give the 
sportsman something they have been pushing for.
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54288
From: <U23590@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: Gritz/JBS/Liberty Lobby/LaRouche/Christic Insitute/Libertarian/...

Note that Bo Gritz was on the Populist party ticket with David
Duke (for veep) in 1988 until he found out that Duke was leading
he ticket, when he withdrew his candidacy.  So Gritz gave up his
chance to be Vice President of the US just to aviod supporting
Duke.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54289
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Insane Gun-toting Wackos Unite!!!

In article <1993Apr16.030706.3318@ucsu.Colorado.EDU> fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary) writes:

>>> Do you know how many deaths each year are caused by self-inflicted gun-
>>> shot wounds by people wearing thigh holsters?
>
>There are roughly 1200 fatal, firearms-related accidents each year.
>The large majority involve rifles and shotgun; there are under 500
>fatal handgun accidents each year. I really doubt all of those
>occur while the pistol is holstered, so the number of "self-inflicted
>gunshot wounds by people wearing thigh holsters" is probably
>well under 250 per year.

       I'm neither a doctor nor a firearms tech expert, but it would seem
that given the way a holstered gun points, accidental injuries inflicted
that way would be among the least lethal.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54290
From: cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <C5Bu9M.2K7@ulowell.ulowell.edu>
jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) wrote:

> In article <1q96tpINNpcn@gap.caltech.edu> arc@cco.caltech.edu
> (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:
> >The Second Amendment is a guarantee of the right to bear arms.  Clearly
> >and unequivocally, without infringement.

> Unfortunately the Second Amendment is not as clear as you state.  If last 
> part of it is taken along, it follows what you have said.  The problem
> I have is with the first part of the single sentence which makes up the
> amendment.  The Second Amendment is:

> 	A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security 
                         ^^^^^^^ Militia

> 	of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear 
                  ^^^^^ State

> 	arms, shall not be infringed.
        ^^^^ Arms

You didn't even get the capitalization correct!  Try reading USCA on
the Constitution, or get any other CORRECT version of the
Constitution. 

> This mention of a well regulated militia is what confuses me.  According
> to the Federalist Paper's, a well regulated militia has a well defined 
> structure and follows nationally uniform regulations.

Perhaps you should actually READ the Federalist Papers!!

    James Madison, Federalist Paper 46: "Besides the advantage of
    being armed, which the Americans possess over the people of almost
    every other nation, the existence of subordinate governments, to
    which the people are attached, and by which the militia officers
    are appointed, forms a barrier against the enterprises of
    ambition, more insurmountable than any which a simple government
    of any form can admit of.  Notwithstanding the military
    establishments in the several kingdoms of Europe, which are
    carried as far as the public resources will bear, the governments
    are afraid to trust the people with arms."
                  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    James Madison, I Annals of Congress 434, 8 June 1789: "The right
    of the people to keep and bear... arms shall not be infringed.  A
    well regulated militia, composed of the body of the people,
                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    trained to arms, is the best and most natural defense of a free
    country..."

    Alexander Hamilton, Federalist Paper 29 (on the organization of
    the militia): "Little more can reasonably be aimed at, with
    respect to the people at large, than to have them properly armed
               ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    and equipped; and in order to see that this be not neglected, it
    will be necessary to assemble them once or twice in the course of
    a year."

    Alexander Hamilton, Federalist Paper 29 (speaking of standing
    armies): "... if circumstances should at any time oblige the
    government to form an army of any magnitude that army can never be
    formidable to the liberties of the people while there is a large
    body of citizens, little, if at all, inferior to them in
    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    discipline and the use of arms, who stand ready to defend their
                                    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^*****
    own rights and those of their fellow-citizens."
    ***^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

But *surely* Hamilton and Madison didn't mean the PEOPLE when they
said "people", right?  That's why the Amendment refers to "the Right
of the Militia"?...  ;-)

> Your average 
> 17-45 year old male does not fall into the definition.

You're right, the Militia consists of ALL able bodied males (and
probably females under current interpretation). 

> Therefore most
> members of The Militia, the one the every gun advocate refers to, are
> not members of a well organized militia and therefore are not directly

The Amendment does nor refer to "well organized", it says "well
regulated".  I have some targets you may examine if you wish to check
how _well regulated_ I am. 

> mentioned in the amendment.

> If this amendment wanted to allow every member of The Militia to keep
> and bear arms, why did it specificly mention a "well organized militia" 
> in the SAME SENTENCE as the right to keep and bear arms?

Correct.  That's why the Right is reserved to the People.  And that
was to insure the People could form a "well regulated Militia", not a
"well organized militia".

> It could be
> argued that the first part of the sentence is separate from the last 
> part.  If so, why was it include in the same atomic unit of written

What do Atomic Units have to do with this argument?  Any moron can set
h_bar = C = 1...

> instead of a separate sentence?

Oh, I see what your question is; Why don't you read the federalist
Papers?! 

    James Madison, Federalist Paper 41 (regarding the "General
    Welfare" clause): "Nothing is more natural nor common than first
    to use a general phrase, and then to explain and qualify it by a
    recital of particulars."

But what does Madison know about the grammatical style of the 2nd?  He
only wrote it.

> The amendment also implies that the right to arms has to due with 
> the security of a free state.  The Federalist Paper's mention of a
> well regulated militia gives many examples of how this militia protects
> the security of a free state.  All these examples are actions of a
> very organized force, not some John Q. Public with a gun.

That's obviously because you've never actually *read* the Federalist
Papers. 

> All that the Second Amendment clearly states to me is that the people's
> right to form well regulated militias shall not be infringed.  That is 
> people have the right to join a well organized militia.  This well
> organized militia will, of course, provide training in how to use arms
> and in basic military tactics.  These training members of the militia
> can keep and bear the arms.

Can't read, huh?  Show me where the document says "well organized
militia". 

> Lastly, reading through the Federalist Paper's on well organized 
> militia it is very clear that many of the reasons for these militias.
> One reason stated is the protection from a standing army.  These days
> the standing army could easily defeat a group consisting of every 
> 17-45 year old male and female not in the armied forces.

That is *exactly* why EVERY PERSON should be allowed to own *any*
weapon currently in use in the armed forces.

> Another
> reason stated for well organized militias is to reduced the need
> for a standing army.  Well, the US Armied Forces have been a standing
> army for more than half the history of the US.

But the major reason is to protect against that very same army.

> It seems to me the whole reason for the Second Amendment, to give
> the people protection from the US government by guaranteeing that the
> people can over through the government if necessary, is a little bit
> of an anachronism is this day and age.  Maybe its time to re-think
> how this should be done and amend the constitution appropriately.

    Abraham Lincoln, First Inaugural Address, March 4, 1861: "This
    country, with its institutions, belongs to the people who inhabit
    it.  Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing government,
    they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it, or
    their revolutionary right to dismember it or overthrow it."

    Rep. Elbridge Gerry of Massachusetts, spoken during floor debate
    over the Second Amendment, I Annals of Congress at 750, 17 August
    1789: "What, Sir, is the use of a militia?  It is to prevent the
    establishment of a standing army, the bane of liberty. ...
    Whenever Governments mean to invade the rights and liberties of
    the people, they always attempt to destroy the militia, in order
    to raise an army upon their ruins."

So now we know which category Mr. Rutledge is in; He means to destroy
our Liberties and Rights.

--
Charles Scripter   *   cescript@phy.mtu.edu
Dept of Physics, Michigan Tech, Houghton, MI 49931
-------------------------------------------------------------
"...when all government... in little as in great things, shall be
drawn to Washington as the centre of all power, it will render
powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will
become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we
separated."   Thomas Jefferson, 1821

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54291
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: Nuclear/heavy weapons and the Militia [Long]

fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary) writes:

	Down to 170-some odd lines.  We must be making progress!
On an ironic note, where I deleted lines Emacs continually gave me
the message "Garbage collecting... Done."  Think it's trying to
tell me something?

>viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson) writes:

>And thank you: It's a great change from the same tired old debates...

	You lurkers can join in at any time, you know!  Ahhh..
Talk.politics.guns -- the kindler, gentler newsgroup.  Who would
have thought?

>No, not exactly: The only reason for this sort of restriction is
>the possible endangerment of others. A poorly maintained 
>rifle is dangerous, but only to the user; since it doesn't
>endanger others, there is no justification for such restrictions.

	I remind you of shrapnel.  I consider 5' a reasonable space
limitation, but make no mistake a gun blowing up is a hazard to
those nearby, say in the next lane at the range.  My point was at
what distance, or level of threat, we draw the line.  Is it the
endangerment of others, so we do a 5' restriction, or the possibility
of being shot, hence we draw a 1.5 mile restriction, or a nuke and
draw a 5 mile restriction?  To me they al suffer from the fundamental
flaw that they restrict based upon the instrument rather than placing
the responsibility for usage squarely upon the shoulders of the user.
Perhaps Sen. Metzenbaum declaring the Barrett Light Fifty an assault
rifle has made this more apparent to me, since the Barrett has
only range and acurracy going for it.

>They have determined that their lives are worth the effort to
>protect their homes and families. Using nuclear weapons close 
>to home will not accomplish this.

	I disagree, on the grounds that a house can be rebuilt much
more easily than my family once I have died.  I assume that word
would get to the citizens that such an attack was planned.  If this
is not the case, the tactical and strategic implications change
quite a bit.  Personally, my home is worth, say, twenty Martians
intent on taking over the world.  My family?  All of them.  The
balancing act here is hard to judge sitting at my desk.

>There is, however, another problem: In any case of civil war,
>the strength of the militias fighting on each side should
>reflect the popular will. If the public is split 67% versus
>33%, then the minorities' militias should be at a 2:1 disadvantage.
>Such a need for popular support would, hopefully, prevent 
>insurrections unless the people really were behind the rebels.
>But heavy weapons owned by a small fraction of the militia 
>could distort this: What if the 33% minority included all the
>tank and artillery owners?

	That seems to be the case already, given that heavy
weapons aren't commonly owned by the citizenry.  With such low
numbers, obviously due to cost, I don't think the superior
weapons are going to be of great effect against a numerically
superior foe.  Furthermore, it is even more doubtful their training
includes proper tactical movements that best utilize tanks,
whereas the commonly rifleman is not so hampered in effectiveness.

>I think it is vital to avoid such a situation, where a small 
>minority would have a reasonable chance of gaining political power
>through violence. To prevent this, it may be necessary to give 
>control of heavy weapons (e.g. those which only a small number
>of individuals would own _and_ whose firepower would grossly 
>distort the relation between popular support and military 
>strength) to someone other that individual militiamen. This is
>certainly not a good thing, but I think it is the lesser of two evils.
>Whoever controls these weapons must be a democratic body,
>responsive to the will of the people.

	I had envisioned that the armorer, perhaps the officers
of a select group, and the like would exercise control over the
heavier, more complex weapons.  But, if Joe Bob owns an old Sherman
tank I certainly wouldn't ask him to give it up.  Follow orders
from the officers, yes.  Since the expense of a tank is so large,
though, chances are it would be jointly purchased and should
therefore be jointly maintained and operated.

>Here, I think we have to be carefull about _which_ "state" we
>are talking about: Certainly one role of the militia is to
>overthrow a repressive government, and it would be completely
>destructive to that end for that same government to control 
>the militia's arms. But the United States have several levels
>of government, each able to act independently, but not all
>likely targets of rebelion.
>As such, rebelions against state and
>local governments are very unlikely. I think, therefore, that the
>state (or possibly local) governments could safely be allowed to
>keep the select militia's heavy weapons. The risk of abuse, while
>still something to consider, is far less than the similar risk
>were the federal government in control.

	This I'll agree with to a point.  The State having control
over the heavy weapons should not be justification for the state
to have them centrally located.  Keep them spread out, such that
the ability of the State to lock them up isn't so easy.  Otherwise,
I would have to assume that State control would rest on the
authority of the Governor and militia officers.

>That is eaxctly why I think they should be removed: The select
>militia should privide the militia's heavy weapons and highly-trained
>specialists. For the reasons I have outlines above, I think 
>these heavy weapons (tanks, artillery, aircraft, etc...) are
>better off being kept by local governments than by a small 
>number of individuals. However, local governments shouldn't
>be able to use the select militia without the support to the
>people. Ideally, the general militia, under the direct 
>control of the people, and the select militia, under the direction
>of democratic, local governments, would opperate together.
>But even in the worst case, the general militia should be able
>to functional without the select militia. Similarly, the
>select militia should be incapable of action without the
>aid of the general militia.

	I'm having a hard time seeing how these heavy weapons,
fairly few in numbers, could not be easily wielded by a few
people with government support.  Just as you argued above that
the weapons should be divvied up and under democratic control
so one side doesn't have all of them, I can't see where this
situation is alleviated in having the select militia holding
all the weapons and the unorganized militia being the infantry.
I think a better mix is called for.  But, I would argue that
the Federal army should rely upon the select militia and the
unorganized militia for the bulk of its infantry units.

>Consider, then, the effect of removing the National Guard's
>infantry and placing the Guard under the control of local
>governments. The government-controled select militia could
>not fight effectively without infantry support provided by
>the general militia (an inherently infantry organization.) 
>On the other hand, the general militia could function (although
>at a disadvantage) without the backing of local governments and
>the select militia.

	We have to assume that there would be those who would
side with the government-controlled forces, and if they've all
the equipment an infantry force 3x the size would be in trouble.
I'd like to see that heavy stuff, say tanks, offset by the
local troups having a few 105's and anti-tank weapons in their
armory.  These would be much more useful to infantry than the
tank would be when cost and training requirements are figured in.
I suppose I'm quibbling over what constitutes heavy equipment.

>>...but a mechanized infantry unit is what builds
>>dikes in times of flood, sets up disaster relief cities, and
>>the like.
>
>I would much rather see these things handled by the local, 
>general militias.

	So would I, but the resources often aren't available to
outfit local units well enough.  Thus, we will certainly have to
call in others, and a mechanized unit carries more stuff faster
than anything else.

>Perhaps the National Guard isn't as close to my conception of
>the select militia as I thought: I was considering them to 
>be the heavy weapons/armor arm of the militia, not the infantry
>arm of the regular army.

	Perhaps our ideas of heavy weapons are different?  I think
main battle tanks, self-propelled artillery, and 155mm and up
field pieces are heavy stuff.  M113 troop carriers, 2 1/2 ton
trucks, HumVee's, old M60 tanks, 105 Howitzers, are more the stuff
of a mechanized infantry.  Actually, this is what the Guard units
in Iowa are currently fielding in some units.

	Perhaps it is just my innate fear of having the real heavy
equipment under State control, with little but numbers and light
stuff to act as a deterrent.  Allowing main battle tanks to the
states should be balanced with anti-tank capability in the local
ranks.  Similarly, local units would need to band together quickly,
hence small and fast response means mechanized infantry.  Finally,
the militia is more than just fighting.  Equipment is needed for
other responses.  The Federal army, I'm convinced, should have a
very minumum of infantry, relying on the state and local militias
for these functions.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >









Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54292
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:

>I HATE long postings, but this turned out to be rather lengthy....

	That's OK -- you can mail me if you want more discussion.

>Acquiring weapons in Norway:
>You can buy (almost) all kinds of weapons in Norway, BUT you must have a 
>permit, and a good reason to get the permit....

	Around here, long-guns are proof of age and fill out the forms.
For pistols, nation-wide check for felonies and three days wait.  The
"good reason" is the difference, and one Americans tend to get annoyed
over as we see no reason the guy with the badge is any better than us.

>It's a little like getting a drivers licence isn't it ???
>You have to prove that you CAN drive before you are allowed to...

	Not when dealing with America.  I can drive an 18-wheel truck
with no permit, no license, and at age 12 if I'm engaged in farming
work.  Strange, that, but there is little to no problem with this.
Again, personal rights versus collective security.

>Some crimes are commited with guns that have been in the owners 'arms'
>for a long time, but these are rather the exeption.
>Most criminals accuire guns to use them in crimes, and mostly short 
>time befor the crime.

	Strange that the rates would decline, since killing somebody
is much more frowned upon than merely stealing a gun.

>Use of knives:
>It IS allowed to cary knifes in public, but not in your belt or 'open'.
>You (Americans) think it's ok to have a gun, but not to carry it open
>in public -rigth ??

	Why attract attention?  I carry my sword openly to and from
practice, as that is the only legal thing I can do.  I also attract
a lot of attention doing this.  I'd rather be lost "in a crowd of one"
than be the subject of attention while carrying a weapon.  Think of
the word "intimidation" and you can see where intimidation is not
the preferable method for the normal citizen.

>Scandinavians ARE 'aggressive':
>We northeners are not as hot-livered as southeners, but when we decide
>to take action we DO.
>Ask ANY historian or millitary with an knowledge of europe....
>(Or ask any German who served in Norway in WW2.....)

	Aggressive towards whom?  Southerners?  Germans?  Precisely
why I think your society is less violent, weapons aside.

>Yes the individual is more important than the masses, but only to some
>extent....
>Your criminal laws are to protect the individuals who makes the masses ??
>What happens when the rigths of some individuals affects the rights of 
>all the [masses?? -- editor barf -- Dan]

	Then the masses have the same rights as the individuals, because
everything comes down to the individual in one instance or another.  To
draw an analogy, Norway is involved in the EEC.  The USA in involved in
NATO.  The EEC requires certain changes in your laws.  NATO requires
no such changes in USA law.  These laws affect citizens, and hence
Norway is saying Europe is more important than, say, Norwegians having
motorcycles that make over 100bhp.  In the USA, we'd likely tell the
EEC to get stuffed since the EEC has no business, in our eyes, in
telling us how much horsepower we can safely ride.  While I note
that our own state governments often play with game with the federal
government, in essence this is a cultural difference between us.

>IF i lived in Amerika I would probably have a gun to defend myselfe in HOME.
>But should it have to be like that ??

	It shouldn't.  Since neither of our countries has managed to
remove criminals from society, in America we feel (and remember we
have individual states that are larger than your country) that if the
police cannot protect us then we must do so ourselves.  The criminals
in our country are quite violent, hence we prepare for them.

>Do you think it's wise to sell guns like candy (some states do...) ??
>If you believe it's smart/neccacery to have drivers-licence WHY do you think
>it should be free to buy guns ??

	We don't.  E-mail me to find out just how difficult it really
is in this country.  It is easier than in yours, but theft is far
easier than the troubles we go through to purchase over here.

>I would defend my home, loved ones and country, but I don't view guns as
>neccities or toys.

	They are neither.  They are an option.  We would never force
you to own guns if you lived here.  We would, however, fight to keep
that option open to you.

>I HAVE done army service, and HAVE used a variaty of weapons, but wouldn't
>want to have one for self defence or because they 'feel good'....

	Then you show you are a responsible, rational user of weapons.
Welcome to our ranks.  Now, how do we teach the young people this sort
of responsibility?  Cultures seem to have a grave impact here.

	I notice you didn't use my great-grandfather's name.  Well,
he didn't like it much either ;-)

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54293
From: halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat)
Subject: Re: That silly outdated Bill (was Re: Koresh and Miranda)

In article <1993Apr14.165633.2170@cbnews.cb.att.com>, lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:
>As for the MOVE incident, wasn't the mayor of Philadelphia at the time Black ?

For the first Move incident (no bomb, several members killed in
gunfire, circa 1978) the mayor was the very white Frank Rizzo.  
For the second (bomb included) the mayor was Wilson Goode, who 
is indeed black.

-jim halat

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54294
From: yoony@aix.rpi.edu (Young-Hoon Yoon)
Subject: Re: A Scoop of Waco Road, Please

cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:

>Your "lite" posting for the day, from rec.humor.funny:

>In article <S539.2adf@looking.on.ca>, bellas@tti.com (Pete Bellas) writes:
>> 
>> There is a new Ice Cream Flavor inspired by the incident at Waco.
>> 
>> It's called Mount Caramel, it's full of nuts but you can't get it out
>> of the carton.
>-- 

>cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
>OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Even though I find this to be funny on the surface, the original poster of the
joke has  tried and convicted the members of the BD to be a bunch of "nuts".
This may be a dangerous thing to do.  It is my opinion that most educated
or well informed people of this country have some distrust of the government.
This should exist because as a bureaucracy, any government given enough time
will tend to exist for it self and not for the original purpose it was 
created for.  This distrust by the people should keep those in power in-line.
That and a properly functioning press.  When a sensationalism oriented press
portrays a group of people as "nuts" or crazies, a violation of those
people's civil rights seem justified.   Since we, as American's, have the 
gurantee of rights as enumerated in the constitution, to include the
2nd ammendment, the government must appease the public's opinion or risk 
voted out of existance, or if it has become corrupt enough to tamper with
domocratic process itself, being thrown out by force.
  Our government as it stands, must appease the public.  Therefore the 
official press releases portray the BD's as fanatics who are a threat to
public safety.  We must not prejudge people based on one sided information.
So far the only information that we are being given is comming from the very
agency that was embarrased by the BD(Branch Davidians sp?).  It is to their
advantage to make the BD's as fanatical and dangerous as possible.  If they
were portrayed as law-abiding citizen's, then they(ATF) had no justification
what so ever of doing what they did.
   So let's keep an open mind.  Jokes like above, even though it may be funny,
may mislead the public from the truth of the matter.

Just as an aside,  my understanding of U.S. vs Rock Island and U.S. vs Dalton
leads me to believe that the National Firearms Act, which allows the Fed's
(in this case ATF) to regulate firearms(machine guns), has been deemed to be
unconstitutional since 1986.(By two federal district courts at least).
And since, I believe the only reason ATF was involved
in this case is because of firearms violations, it would be interesting to 
find out whether or not the search warrent was based on the NFA.
It would be very embarrassing indeed if a search warrent based on a possibly
unconstitutional law has resulted in 4 deaths(Law enforcement). 


****************************************************************************
The above opinions are mine and mine only.
I'm solely responsible for my opinions and my actions.  If you must flame
then flame away, but a well constructed argument will be much more respected.

Young-hoon Yoon                         yoony@rpi.edu
211 North Hall                          n6zud@hibp1.ecse.rpi.edu
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute        N6ZUD/2   HL9KMT(former)
Troy, NY 12180


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54295
From: tsmith+@cs.cmu.edu (Tom Smith)
Subject: Re: Clinton wants National ID card, aka USSR-style "Internal Passport"

In article <1993Apr16.022926.27270@ucsu.Colorado.EDU> fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary) writes:
>In article <C5JIF8.I4n@boi.hp.com> slack@boi.hp.com (David Slack) writes:
>>The idea of the card is bull in and of its self, but I'm curious to know, do 
>>they plan on making it a requirement to *always* have it on you, or is it 
>>only going to be required to be *presented* when trying to ge medical aid?
>
>This, at least, has already been determined: The Blue Cross medical
>coverage for all federal employees is a good model for a future
>national system. To get emergency medical care, anyone so insured
>must always carry their Blue Cross card. Before entering a hospital,
>you must notify Blue Cross, or they will refuse to pay your bills. 
>In an emergency, where you must be treated before notifying them, 
>you must inform them within 24 hours or (if you are unable to do
>so for medical reasons) the hospital must. Failing to do so within
>24 hours means they will not cover the hospitalization. In you need
>your card to notify them (and without the card, the hospital certainly
>wouldn't know they had to.) Therefore, you are required to carry
>the card at all times, or do without emergency medical coverage.
>
>                                                 Frank Crary
>                                                 CU Boulder
>
Which works fine until you end up in the hospital because you were hit on the
head and your wallet, with your insurance card, is stolen.  This happened to 
me, and it took six months to sort the mess out.  These sorts of plans sound
nice at first, but in the end they just create a lot of paperwork and
bureaucracy to deal with all the checking and filing they involve.

				Tom the non hacker
				tsmith@seismo.soar.cs.cmu.edu
				The return address is set wrong, send personal
				response to the above address.



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54296
From: holland@CS.ColoState.EDU (douglas craig holland)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

>>Hmm, wouldn't manditory saftey classes, registration
>>of both the owner and gun, and manditory liability insurance be nice for
>>gun owners.
>
>       The two are not the same, as I pointed out above.  There are
>significant difference between making rules for *use on public property*
>and *making rules for ownership*.
>
>       The other half of the objection is trust.  Similar things to this
>have been tried in many local jurisdications across the country, and
>have been abused in far too many cases.   Safety classes which are
>never sheduled, never funded, or only one or two is held a year for
>a limited number of participants.  Registration lists in New York,
>Chicago, and California have been used for confiscation.  *Many* gun
>owners would, in theory, support these planes.  (Although the
>numbers overwhelmingly show that competence is not the problem, that
>intentional misuse is).  They've simply seen it abused and are leery of
>the next person who comes down the pike with a "reasonable" suggestion
>they've already seen abused.

Gun safety classes sound good in theory, but they kind of remind me of
the "literacy tests" used in the bad old days to keep blacks from voting.
They came with the "grandfather clause": if your grandfather could vote,
you could vote.  Sort of like the gun safety laws that only let the
political ass-kissers have guns.
						Doug Holland


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54297
From: tomgift@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu (Tom Gift)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto) writes:

>Well, maybe I AM overreacting.

This is probably the best part of your post.  Everything else is
shrill speculation.

Tom Gift
tomgift@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu
 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54298
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)


|You believe that individuals should have the right to own weapons of
|mass destruction?  I find it hard to believe that you would support a 
|neighbor's right to keep nuclear weapons, biological weapons, and nerve
|gas on his/her property.  

There is no law prohibiting having biological weapons or nerve gas
on his/her property, or even walking on government property with such
items: ipso facto it is now one's _RIGHT_ to have such weapons of
"mass destruction."

Hell, the U.S. patent office has patents on the manufacture of nerve
gas that anyone can obtain simply by sending a $1.50 to the Patent
Office in Washington, D.C. (P.O. Box 8). These same patents are
verboten to English citizens from their own patent office, which doesn't
surprise me based on the mistrust of the UK government against private
ownership of semi-automatic rifles.

|If we cannot even agree on keeping weapons of mass destruction out of
|the hands of individuals, can there be any hope for us?

So, you are saying we should have legislation prohibiting owning 
biological warfare agents or nerve agents? Will you pass laws against
owning chlorine gas or cyanide as well? Will you pass laws against
owning acetylene gas that could have been used against the Bradley
IFVs had the Branch Dividians known of their anti-combustion engine
effects? Will you pass laws against owning 5-gallon cylinders of
propane because they could have been used as flame throwers? Yes, the 
proverbial "Road to Hell;" it's always for "Our Own Good."

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54299
From: Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no>
Subject: Change of name ??



	1. Make a new Newsgroup called talk.politics.guns.PARANOID or 
	talk.politics.guns.THEY'R.HERE.TO.TAKE.ME.AWAY

	2. Move all postings about waco and burn to (guess where)..

	3. Stop posting #### on this newsgroup

	We are all SO glad you're trying to save us from the evil 
	goverment, but would you mail this #### in regular mail to
	let's say 1000 people ????
	



	This is not a .signature.
	It's merely a computergenerated text to waste bandwith
	and to bring down the evil Internet.


                        Thomas Parsli
                        thomasp@ifi.uio.no

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54300
From: mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu (The Lawnmowerman)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>, <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
> I will be surprised if this post makes it past the censors,
> but here goes:
> 
> Monday, 19 April, 1993 13:30 EDT
> 
>                     MURDER  MOST  FOUL!!
> 
> CNN is reporting as I write this that the ATF has ignited all
> the buildings of the Branch Dividian ranch near Waco, TX. The
> lies from ATF say "holes were made in the walls and 'non-lethal' tear
> gas pumped in". A few minutes after this started the whole thing went up.
> ALL buildings are aflame. NO ONE HAS ESCAPED. I think it obvious that
> the ATF used armored flame-thrower vehicles to pump in unlit
> napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
> 
> THIS IS MURDER!
> 
> ATF MURDERERS!  BUTCHERS!!
> 
> THIS IS GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE, INCLUDING CHILDREN!
> 
> I have predicted this from the start, but God, it sickens me to see
> it happen. I had hoped I was wrong. I had hoped that there was
> still some shred of the America I grew up with, and loved, left
> alive. I was wrong. The Nazis have won.
> 
> I REPEAT, AS OF THIS TIME THERE ARE **NO  SURVIVORS**!
> 
> God help us all.
> 
> 
> PLEASE CROSSPOST -- DON'T LET THEM GET AWAY WITH THE SLAUGHTER OF THE CHILDREN!
> 
> 
> W. K. Gorman - an American in tears.

Flame on!!

Is this guy serious????

If he would ever really pay attention to the news (oops I forgot that the media
   for the most part loves to jump right on top of a story before all the facts 
   are known, as well as to manipulate what we see and thus what we believe). 
   Any ways one of Koresh's DEVOTED followers that DID I REPEAT DID survive this
   "GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE".  Besides there are nine 
   survivors in the burn-unit of the local hospital and was reported that David
   was in one of the towers when the shit hit the fan.  Besides, a majority of 
   these children were children that he was supposed to have been the father of,
   this then makes them bastard children to a sacraligious zeloit (sp).  Also
   someone should have told David and his followers that if they can't the heat
   then they should stay out of the kitchen!! (pun intended)

Flame off

" Aaah Daniaalson yah wanna fight,  fight me!!"      
-- 
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Matthew R. Hamilton   | mhamilto@mcs.kent.edu    |      A.K.A              |
| CS/ Physics Major     | 1499h751@ksuvxb.kent.edu |   (The Lawnmowerman)    |
| Kent State University	| 1299h751@ksuvxb.kent.edu |			     |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                                            |
|                                                                            |
|      Look here for future advice.quotes.sayings.jibberish.philosohy        |
|                                                                            |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54301
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: Ax the ATF

>True, Congress has said that possesion of an unlicensed automatic 
>weapon is a violation of the law.  Congress did not, however, say
>that such possesion was a capital offense or a transgression worth
>getting four good government agents killed and 16 others wounded.


Even if it were a capital offense, the warrant was not even an arrest warrant,
but a search warrant.  In other words, there was no evidence of illegal
arms, just enough of a suggestion to get a judge to sign a license to
search for illegal evidence.

Question:  As in the Rodney King case, will the US DOJ institute
criminal civil rights proceedings against the BATF?  Or at least an
investigation?  OK, sorry I asked.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54303
From: dianem@boi.hp.com (Diane Mathews)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

>>Am I having a vain hope that an honest investigation will occur on this
>>thing?  Or will it simply be whitewashed under the rug, and Business
>>as Usual will continue to be the Order of the Day in the New Order?
>>Who will be given the official title of "Thought Police", I wonder...?
>>
>>And if Clinton and friends have their way, (highly likely at this point)
>>the New Order Government will also have all the guns...  So what if
>>"1984" is going to be ten years late...  I think we are going to discover
>>that we will be paying DEARLY for putting this fellow in office for decades
>>to come.  Even some die-hard supporters are having serious doubts about
>>their Savior.

Ahem.  See the War on Drugs, as sponsored by the Bush and Reagan
administrations.  The precedent had well been set for federal agencies to
step on more than a few of what people consider "rights."  I won't make
excuses for anyone, but most of the damage had been done before Clinton
even entered the race in '92.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54304
From: kevin@axon.usa (Kevin Vanhorn)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19


In article <C5rpoJ.IJv@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>
> Two of the nine who escaped the compound said the fire was deliberately set 
> by cult members.

Correction: The *FBI* *says* that two of the nine who escaped said the fire
was deliberately set by cult members.  Since the press was kept miles away,
we have absolutely no independent verification of any of the government's
claims in this matter.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kevin S. Van Horn       | Is your religion BATF-approved?
vanhorn@bert.cs.byu.edu |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54306
From: dswartz@osf.org (Dan Swartzendruber)
Subject: Re: Ax the ATF


A few comments on the ATF's botched handling of this case:

1. Attempting to storm the compound in broad daylight?  The explanation
   we were given (at least at one point) was that they thought the cult
   members would be at religious services.  My only comment on this bit
   of idiocy is that if you're going to operate as a quasi-military unit,
   you'd better understand basic military tactics.  One cardinal rule
   is that only a fool plans an operation where if one assumption is
   incorrect, the operation will fail disastrously.

2. We were told that ATF got four agents killed because they were
   outgunned, they didn't expect such heavy resistance.  When
   questioned about why such an overwhelming military-style assault
   was planned, we were told that it was because the cultists were
   thought to be heavily armed.  Can you say contradictory?  I knew
   you could!

3. The BATF has had a bad reputation for years as a bunch of arrogant,
   hotdoggers.  I was talking to relatives a couple of weeks ago and
   referred to them as a bunch of Crockett and Tubbs wannabes.  I'm
   more than ever convinced that's right on target.  An anecdote not
   related to the Waco fiasco is that apparently the BATF screwed up
   some of the evidence in the World Trade Center bombing.  There's
   now an excellent chance some of the forensic evidence gathered by
   the FBI will not be admissible in court.  This is not hearsay.  I
   was told this by a relative of my wife's who happens to be an FBI
   agent.  His opinion of the BATF was, ummm, well, let's just say
   uncomplimentary.

4. I have *still* not been presented with one iota of evidence that
   the BD's had *any* of the alleged illegal weaponry which was the
   reason for the raid in the first place.  BTW, we're *still* hearing
   this justification.  AG Reno, on CNN yesterday, made references
   to this issue, without any substantiation.  She also waved around
   the "He's a child abuser and we heard he was beating the children!"
   flag.  Sigh.

5. A point re the Feds in general: their handling of the whole siege
   reflected a complete lack of understanding of the probable thought
   processes of the cultists.  AG Reno said they pushed the button
   because they were afraid a mass suicide was in the offing.  My
   only comment on that is that if the cultists were that close to
   the edge, what the hell did she think their reaction would be to
   an hours-long assault on the compound where holes were punched in
   the walls and CS gas pumped in?  If I were a BD, I'd expect the
   forces of the godless government to assault me at any time.  In
   that light, whether they torched themselves or drank Jim Jones
   Kool-Aid is irrelevant.  Also, look at how the siege was conducted:
   Bright lights, loud rock music, cutting off communications and
   other contact with the outside.  All measures designed to make the
   BD's feel more and more isolated and threatened.  This might have
   been a great strategy - if they were dealing with criminals.  As it
   was, it looks to me like everything they did fed into Koresh's
   paranoid delusions.




-- 

#include <std_disclaimer.h>

Dan S.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54309
From: paale@stud.cs.uit.no (Paal Ellingsen)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1r0qsrINNc61@clem.handheld.com>, Jim De Arras writes:
|> Mr. Roby, you are a government sucking heartless bastard.  Humans died  
|> yesterday, humans who would not have died if the FBI had not taken the actions  
|> they did.  That is the undeniable truth. 

...the question is: for how long? Even if the FBI had done nothing, I guess the 
BDs would have committed suicide, but maybe not until hunger and thirst gave them
the choice between sucide or surrender. 
The BDs was warned in beforehand about the FBI action. They HAD the chance to
surrender and get a fair trial. No matter who started the fire, the BDs were 
responsible for 80+ peole dying. No one else.

-- 
============================================================================
Paal Ellingsen       | Borgensvingen 67/102 | Tlf.: 083 50933
paale@stud.cs.uit.no | 9100 Kvaloeysletta   | DATA = Dobbelt Arbeid Til Alle
============================================================================

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54312
From: hrubin@pop.stat.purdue.edu (Herman Rubin)
Subject: Re: Gritz/JBS/Liberty Lobby/LaRouche/Christic Insitute/Libertarian/....

In article <1993Apr17.082102.4155@ccsvax.sfasu.edu> f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu writes:
>In article <KCKLUGE.93Apr16155756@krusty.eecs.umich.edu>, kckluge@eecs.umich.edu (Karl Kluge) writes:

>> 
>> ...and I'm sure that people who were big fans of fuedalism pissed and
>> moaned about the emergence of the modern nation-state. Imagine, the King
>> allowing serfs their freedom if they could live in the city for a year!
>> Times change, technology changes, viable forms of social organization
>> change. While concerns about preserving Western notions of civil liberties
>> in the face of cultures with very different values is a valid one, it's
>> a waste of effort to try to turn back the tide. It's much smarter to focus
>> on trying to make sure that the emerging forms of social organization are

>
>	Your response is yet another sign of the trend towards One World
>Government.  Many people such as yourself, who are otherwise probably
>likeable and intelligent, show every sign of having been successfully
>brainwashed.  You don't recognize that your "inevitable tide" is rolling
>into chaos and in no way represents an advance for civilization.  Some
>of us do indeed "lament the passing of old forms", such as the Bill of
>Rights, which are indeed inalienable rights of man that cannot be
>changed, transferred or surrendered...rights of man that far transcend

>
>	Yes, Napoleon wanted a Grand New Order.  Hitler wanted a
>Thousand Year Reich.  Lenin knew that Bolshevism would give us the
>Universal New Man.  The New World Order is just so much of the same
>old tired garbage.  The pathetic part is that so many Americans seem

"Put not your trust in princes" is the Biblical proverb.  The modern
analog is governments.  At the time of the founding of the US, the
idea that citizens had rights above those of the government was not
that common, but was explicit in the writings of the founders.  To a
considerable extent, Englishmen also had those rights.

Yes, times change, and technology changes.  The possibility of 
a few governments enserfing all of mankind was not possible until
quite recently.  In the feudal system, the lord was almost as
restricted as the serfs, so having the people enserf themselves
does not make anything better; most feudal lords, and even most
slaveowners, did not mistreat those under them.

Freedom of speech and freedom of religion are under real attack NOW.

-- 
Herman Rubin, Dept. of Statistics, Purdue Univ., West Lafayette IN47907-1399
Phone: (317)494-6054
hrubin@snap.stat.purdue.edu (Internet, bitnet)  
{purdue,pur-ee}!snap.stat!hrubin(UUCP)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54313
From: jbs@rti.rti.org
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5rpoJ.IJv@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>
>Well they had over 40 days to come out with their hands up on national tv 
>to get the trial they deserved.  Instead they chose to set fire to their 
>compund hours after the tanks dropped off the tear gas.

This is about the third person who's parroted the FBI's line about the
fires being set "six hours after the tear gas was injected."  Suppose you
want to explain to us the videotape footage shown on national TV last night
in which a tank with the gas-injecting tubes is pulling its injection tubes
out of the second story of a building as the building begins to belch smoke
and then fire?

Do tell.

  -joe

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54314
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Gun Talk -- State legislative update

April 19, 1993
 
As William O. Douglas noted, "If a powerful sponsor is lacking,
individual liberty withers -- in spite of glowing opinions and
resounding constitutional phrases."
 
The legislative scorecard outlined below resulted from subcommittee,
committee, and floor action.  Many important victories, however, come
from coordinating with legislators to ensure anti-gun/anti-hunting
legislation is either amended favorably, rejected, or never voted.
These quiet victories are no less impressive in protecting our
fundamental civil liberties guaranteed by the Second Amendment to the
U.S. Constitution.
 
  ****
 
Arizona - SB 1233, NRA-supported legislation concerning minors in
criminal possession of firearms  passed the House 36-18, is currently
awaiting action by the Governor.
 
Arkansas - HB 1447, Firearms Preemption Legislation was signed by the
Governor making this the forty-first state to pass preemption.
Preemption had passed twice in previous sessions only to be vetoed by
then Gov. Bill Clinton.  HB 1417, mandatory storage of firearms,
amended and then killed in committee.
 
Colorado - SB 42, mandating the storage of firearms with a
trigger-lock, killed in committee.  SB 104,  prohibiting the sale of
certain semi-auto firearms was killed in committee.  SB 108,
so-called Colorado Handgun Violence Prevention Act, including a
provision for a 10-day waiting period, killed in committee.
 
Connecticut - Substitute Bill No. 6372, imposing a 6% tax on all
firearms, ammunition, and archery equipment killed in Environment
Committee.
 
Florida - A bill to require a 3-year license at a cost of $150 to own
or possess semi-automatic firearms with a second degree felony
provision (15 years in prison) died in committee along with numerous
other anti-gun owner bills.  No anti-gun legislation passed in
Florida this year.
 
Georgia - SB 12, supposed instant check with provision allowing for
up to a 7-day "waiting period,"  defeated in House Public Safety
Committee and sent to Interim Study committee.  Mandatory storage
bill -- SB 247 -- was defeated 39-15 in the Senate.  The same bill
passed the upper-House 52-2 in 1992.
 
 
Illinois - HB 90, prohibiting the sale, possession, manufacture,
purchase, possession, or carrying of certain semi-auto firearms, was
defeated in House Judiciary II Subcommittee on Firearms. HB 91,
mandatory storage legislation, failed in House Judiciary Subcommittee
on Firearms. HB 1550, repeals FOID and makes FTIP, point of sale
check permanent, passed out of Judiciary Committee by a 10-4-2 vote.
Presently on the calendar for third reading in the House.
 
SB 40, mandatory storage bill, defeated in committee.
SB 265, imposing a handgun excise tax, failed in Senate committee on
Revenue's Subcommittee on Tax Increases.
SB 272,imposing a tax on all persons engaged in the business of
selling firearms, failed in Senate Revenue Committee's Subcommittee
on Tax Increases.
 
Indiana - SB 241, Statewide Firearms Preemption, passed in the Senate
34-16, and in the House 77-22.  Twelve amendments were introduced on
the House floor to SB 241.  Among these amendments were a ban on
certain semi-auto firearms, Mandatory Storage, Trigger-Lock, a ban on
"Saturday Night Specials" (Similar to 1988 Maryland Bill), and
Handgun Rationing (one handgun per month).  All were defeated.

	[I read this morning (4/20) S.B. 241 was defeated -- lvc]
 
Kansas - HB 2435, providing for a 72-hour waiting period on all
firearms was defeated in committee.  HB 2458, presently on the
Governor's desk, HB 2459 and SB 243 and 266 all relating to victims'
rights, are expected to be enacted into law.
 
Maine - Funding for the Department of Fish and Wildlife 1993-94
budget, was restored following severe  reductions in the Governor's
proposed budget.  LD 612, an anti-hunting bill which included reverse
posting and 1000 yard safety zones, killed in committee.
 
Maryland - SB 6-(Firearms Incendiary ammunition) died in committee on
a 8-3 vote, SB 41 (Reckless  Endangerment - Firearms - Sale or
Transfer) died in committee on a 11-0 vote, SB 126 (Gun Control -
"Assault Weapons") died in committee on 9-2 vote, SB 182 (Weapons
-Free School Zone) was withdrawn, SB 185 (Weapons on School Property-
Driver's License Suspension was withdrawn, SB 265 ("Assault Pistols"
- Sale, Purchase or Transport) died in committee on 8-3 vote, SB 328
("Assault Pistols" Act of 1993) died in committee on a 8-3 vote, SB
682 (Baltimore City-Firearms-Rifles and Shotguns) died in committee
on a 9-2 vote.
 
HB 274 (Pistol and Revolver Dealers Licenses - compliance with zoning
laws) was withdrawn, HB 366 (Regulated Firearms-sales and transfer)
died on the Senate Floor, HB 374 (Handguns and "assault weapons" -
Advertising for sale or transfer) died in committee, HB 384 (Handguns
and "Assault Weapons" - Exhibitors) died in committee, HB 495
("Assault Pistols" Act of 1993) died in committee on a 14-9 vote, HB
496 (Gun Shows-Sale, Trade, or Transfer of regulated firearms) died
in committee on a 19-6 vote, HB 601 (Firearms - Handguns - "Assault
Pistols" - Handgun Roster Board) was withdrawn, HB 683 (Rifles and
Shotguns - Registration) was withdrawn, HB 945 (Pistols and Revolvers
- Private sales  or transfers- required notice) died in committee,
and HB 1128 Prince Georges County -
 Weapons - Free School Zone) was withdrawn.
 
Mississippi - HB 141, closing a loophole allowing felons to possess
firearms, passed both Houses and signed by the Governor.  The bill
codifies into law mechanism for certain felons to have their Second
Amendment liberties reinstated.
 
Nebraska - LB 83 and LB 225, mandatory trigger-lock bills, killed in
committee.
 
New Hampshire - H.B. 363, providing for reciprocity for concealed
carry licenses passed.  H.B. 671,  increasing the term of a License
to Carry Loaded Handguns passed.
 
New Mexico - SB 762, imposing a 7-day "waiting period," defeated in
Senate committee (0-5) and then on  floor of the Senate (15-24).  HB
182, mandatory storage legislation, was killed by a vote of 1-8 in
committee.  HB 230, legislation safeguarding sportsmen in the field
from harassment by animal rights extremists, signed into law by the
Governor on March 30.
 
New York - Seven-day waiting period was defeated in the City of
Buffalo.   Ban on certain semi-autos was defeated in Monroe County.
The tax and fee bills to be imposed on guns and ammo were not
included in the 1993-94 budget. SB 207, making pistol licenses
provides for validity of pistol license throughout the state, passed
Senate.  Currently awaiting action in Assembly committee.
 
North Dakota - HB 1484, granting victims compensation in certain
circumstances, was signed into law by the Governor on April 8.
 
Oregon - SB 334, banning firearms on school grounds and in court
buildings, withdrawn as a result of gun owners opposition.
 
Rhode Island - HB 5273, mandatory firearms storage legislation,
defeated in committee by a vote of 8-5. HB 6347, an act prohibiting
aliens from owning firearm; defeated by unanimous vote in committee.
HB 5650, excepting NRA instructors from the firearms safety
requirement, reported favorably. HB 5781, exempting persons with an
Attorney General's permit from the 7-day waiting period, reported to
the floor by a vote of 11-1.
HB 6917, extending the term of a permit to carry from two years to
three years, reported to the floor unanimously.
 
Utah   HB 290, reforming the state's concealed carry statute, passed
out of House committee.  SB 32, creating civil liability for
so-called negligent storage of a firearm, and SB 33 creating the
offense of "reckless endangerment" with a firearm, killed on Senate
floor.
 
Virginia: S.B. 336, and S.B. 803, requiring proof of state residence
to obtain Virginia Driver's License passed.  S.B. 804, which
increases the penalty and imposes a mandatory minimum sentence for
"straw man" purchases of multiple firearms passed.  S.B. 858,
allowing possession of "sawed-off" rifles and shotguns in compliance
with federal law passed.  S.B. 1054, making it a felony for first
offense of carrying a concealed firearm without a license (which the
NRA opposes until law-abiding citizens can acquire a concealed carry
license for self-defense), was defeated. H.B. 1900, increasing the
penalty for use of a firearm in committing a felony was passed.  H.B.
2076, requiring proof of residence to obtain a driver's license
passed.  H.B. 2272, providing for a referendum on the imposition of a
statewide three- day "waiting period" in handgun purchases was
defeated.
 
Washington: SB 5160, calling for waiting periods and licensing for
all semi-automatic firearms, died  in committee.
 
West Virginia - S.C.R. 18, which calls for a study to control
transfers of handguns and "Assault Weapons" was defeated in the
Senate 24-10.
 
Wisconsin - In a referendum up against all odds, the determined
efforts of the Madison Area Citizens Against Crime paid off on April
6 when a nonbinding referendum banning the possession of handguns in
Madison, Wisconsin, was defeated.  Despite opposition to the ban --
aired largely by firearms owners at a series of public meetings on
the issue -- the Common Council voted on February 17 to place the
referendum on the ballot, allowing only seven weeks of campaigning to
reverse public opinion on the controversial issue.
 
An October 1992 poll conducted by the Wisconsin State Journal found
57% in support and 38% opposed, with 5% expressing no opinion.  By
election day, of the more than 56,000 voters who went to the polls,
51% cast ballots in opposition to the proposal while 49% voted to
have the Madison Common Council enact such a ban.  The campaign
committee, spearheaded by the Wisconsin Pro-Gun Movement and NRA-ILA,
relied on neighborhood canvassing, direct mail and radio/TV
advertising to educate voters on the civil liberties implications
raised by enforcement of the ban if the referendum was approved.
 
Despite the surprising defeat, it is expected that the Madison
initiative's chief proponent, Mayor Paul Soglin, will attempt to have
the Common Council enact an ordinance banning handguns.
 
                Downloaded from GUN-TALK (703-719-6406)
                A service of the
                National Rifle Association
                Institute for Legislative Action
                Washington, DC 20036
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54315
From: bjones@convex.com (Brad Jones)
Subject: Re: Letter to the President

kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead) writes:

>the dismissal or resignation of Lloyd Bensen, Secretary of the Treasury,


In case you haven't sent it yet, it's "Bentsen", not "Bensen".

Brad

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54316
From: mporter@cis.ohio-state.edu (matthew dale porter)
Subject: Re: Reasonable Civie Arms Limits

In article <1993Apr19.223925.2342@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>A poster claims he 'always asks [anti-gunners] what they think would
>be reasonable personal firepower restrictions'. OK then ...
>
>Caliber : Not greater than 32
>Muzzle  : Not greater than 300 ft/lbs with any combo of bullet wt/vel
>Action  : Single shot rifles and single action revolvers 
>          Revolvers bearing no more than six rounds and incorporating
>          an 'anti-fanning' mechanism to discourage Roy Rogers wannabes.
>Bullets : Any non-explosive variety, HPs just fine.
>
>Now - these specs leave the 32 H&R magnum as about the most powerful
>allowable civie cartridge for handgun or rifle use. It would be
>reasonably effective against home intruders, muggers, rabid wolves
>and other such nasties, even with the firearm-type limitations. At the
>same time, this caliber/power limit would reduce the ultimate lethality
>of hits. The chances of the average joe encountering a gang of huge
>individuals all drunk and stoned on PCP and crystal meth and with a
>bad attitude and all armed and willing to die ... well, it's about
>zero - far less than the chances of getting killed driving your car.

When will you people realize that our right to keep and bear isn't
primarily intended to be for protecting against criminals and beasties
in the wild?  Granted, it is a big part, but we also need military style
weapons so we can fight off the government when they come to our door.
When ten agents come to my door, it would be nice to be able to shoot
all of them for 'not upholding the constitution to the best of their
ability'.  It will be a lot harder doing that with the puny weapons you
listed above.

Please read the Federalist papers for all clarification on RKBA.  These
documents have cleared up plenty of misnomers that friends of mine have
had.





-- 
Matt Porter       
mporter@cis.ohio-state.edu
mporter@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54317
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??

In article <CMM.0.90.2.735315429.thomasp@holmenkollen.ifi.uio.no> thomasp@ifi.uio.no (Thomas Parsli) writes:
:
:
:	1. Make a new Newsgroup called talk.politics.guns.PARANOID or 
:	talk.politics.guns.THEY'R.HERE.TO.TAKE.ME.AWAY
:
:	2. Move all postings about waco and burn to (guess where)..
:
:	3. Stop posting #### on this newsgroup
;
:	We are all SO glad you're trying to save us from the evil 
:	goverment, but would you mail this #### in regular mail to
:	let's say 1000 people ????
:	
:
:                        Thomas Parsli
And everybody who talked about the evil arising in Europe was labeled 
reactionary in the late 1930's... after all, we could negotiate with Hitler and
trust him to keep his end of the bargain... at least that's what Stalin and
Chamberlin thought... I guess they forgot to teach you about your country being
overrun by the Germans in WWII, 'eh Thomas?  And I'm sorry you consider outrage
at government excesses to be ####... Everytime the Israelis conduct a mass 
operation against a terrorist group that is actively killing their citizens and
soldiers, the world gets indignant, but it's ok for the US to assault it's own
citizens who were a religous minority and accused of sexual deviation and 
hoarding weapons... I find it real ironic this happened the same day Al Gore
arrived in Poland to recognize the sacrifices made in the Warsaw Ghetto where
the same 'justifications' were raised for an armed assault by black-clad troops
with armor support...  

-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54318
From: jon@atlas.MITRE.org (J. E. Shum)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??


In article <CMM.0.90.2.735315429.thomasp@holmenkollen.ifi.uio.no>, Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
> 	1. Make a new Newsgroup called talk.politics.guns.PARANOID or 
> 	talk.politics.guns.THEY'R.HERE.TO.TAKE.ME.AWAY
> 
> 	2. Move all postings about waco and burn to (guess where)..
> 
> 	3. Stop posting #### on this newsgroup
> 
> 	We are all SO glad you're trying to save us from the evil 
> 	goverment, but would you mail this #### in regular mail to
> 	let's say 1000 people ????
> 	
> 
> 
> 
> 	This is not a .signature.
> 	It's merely a computergenerated text to waste bandwith
> 	and to bring down the evil Internet.
> 
> 
>                         Thomas Parsli
>                         thomasp@ifi.uio.no

How about a group called talk.that.thomas.parsli.approves?
-- 
Clinton Administration e-mail addresses | clintonhq@campaign92.org (MCIMail)
    provided as a public service by     | 75300.3115@compuserve.com (CompuServe)
    Jon Edward Shum (jon@mitre.org)     | clintonpz@aol.com (America Online)
-- 
Clinton Administration e-mail addresses | clintonhq@campaign92.org (MCIMail)
    provided as a public service by     | 75300.3115@compuserve.com (CompuServe)
    Jon Edward Shum (jon@mitre.org)     | clintonpz@aol.com (America Online)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54319
From: hrubin@pop.stat.purdue.edu (Herman Rubin)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

In article <1993Apr20.003522.22480@midway.uchicago.edu> thf2@midway.uchicago.edu writes:
>In article <1qvfik$6rf@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> cj195@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (John W. Redelfs) writes:
>>Now that Big Brother has rubbed out one minority religion in Waco, who is
>>next?  The Mormons or Jews?

>The Koreshians rubbed themselves out.  Neither Mormons nor Jews have a
>propensity for dousing themselves with kerosene, so I'm not particularly
>concerned.  (Or shall we blame Jim Jones on the government also?)

I believe we still remember Masada, where Jews killed themselves rather
than being captured by the Romans.  While I do not agree with the
Davidians, I must admire their willingness to die for what they 
believed, which Jews have had to do often.
-- 
Herman Rubin, Dept. of Statistics, Purdue Univ., West Lafayette IN47907-1399
Phone: (317)494-6054
hrubin@snap.stat.purdue.edu (Internet, bitnet)  
{purdue,pur-ee}!snap.stat!hrubin(UUCP)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54320
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1993Apr20.142131.27347@rti.rti.org> jbs@rti.rti.org writes:
>In article <C5rpoJ.IJv@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>>
>>Well they had over 40 days to come out with their hands up on national tv 
>>to get the trial they deserved.  Instead they chose to set fire to their 
>>compund hours after the tanks dropped off the tear gas.
>
>This is about the third person who's parroted the FBI's line about the
>fires being set "six hours after the tear gas was injected."  Suppose you
>want to explain to us the videotape footage shown on national TV last night
>in which a tank with the gas-injecting tubes is pulling its injection tubes
>out of the second story of a building as the building begins to belch smoke
>and then fire?

I've already corrected my mistake earlier in this thread.  I saw a brief 
news report which led to the above inaccuracy.  I have since seen detailed 
summaries that show the tanks returned in the late morning.

So, why didn't the BD's leave when the gas was first introduced much 
earlier in the morning?  Didn't they care about the children?

Why didn't they release the children weeks ago?

>
>Do tell.
>
>  -joe


-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54323
From: wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1993Apr20.142131.27347@rti.rti.org> jbs@rti.rti.org writes:
>In article <C5rpoJ.IJv@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>>
>>Well they had over 40 days to come out with their hands up on national tv 
>>to get the trial they deserved.  Instead they chose to set fire to their 
>>compund hours after the tanks dropped off the tear gas.
>
>This is about the third person who's parroted the FBI's line about the
>fires being set "six hours after the tear gas was injected."  Suppose you
>want to explain to us the videotape footage shown on national TV last night
>in which a tank with the gas-injecting tubes is pulling its injection tubes
>out of the second story of a building as the building begins to belch smoke
>and then fire?
>
>Do tell.
>
>  -joe

Not to mention that the story was rewritten today. Those two BD's who
"admitted to starting the fire", forget 'em, they don't exist anyone.
Today, "a few saw someone starting a fire" and "our aerial surveillance
showed them starting fires" at this morning's press conference. 
Tomorrow, even this excuse may evaporate. A reporter pointed out
that a BD being brought to arraingement shouted that tanks knocking
over lanterns started the fire. Curiouser and curiouser.


-- 
 +   Wayne J. Warf -- WWARF@ucs.indiana.edu -- I speak for myself only   +
 |*Clinton*Gore*CIA*FBI*DEA*Assassinate*Bomb*WoD*BoR*ATF*IRS*Resist*NSA* |
 |*Christian*God*Satan*Apocalypse*ZOG*Nazi*Socialist*Communist*Explosive*|
 +*fundamentalist*revolution*NSC*Federal Reserve*Constitution*gold*FEMA* +

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54324
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <93109.172450U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz 
[...]

> It is kind of funny though how you were the only one who picked up
> the part about my sister being a social worker and keeping me up to date on  
the
> gang thing.  Everyone else seemed to just skim by that part.
> 
> Jason


I guess that just means "Everyone else" was mistaken?

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54326
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <C5MzyK.E7G@ulowell.ulowell.edu>, jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) writes:
>
>No not, unconditional, but "shall not be infringed".  Infringed
>is defined as:
>	To break or ignore the terms of or obligations (an oath, 
>	an agreement, law, or the like); to disreguard; violate.
>	To go beyond the boundaries or limits; tresspass; encroach.
>This definition implies the following of some form of existing 
>agreement.  Laws and agreements are made in advance. 

The rights guaranteed by the Constitution were considered to be
pre-existing.  The only agreement was that they exist.  Therefore, no
law grants such rights. Laws can only guarantee, protect, or infringe
such rights.


Websters Third New International Dictionary of the English Language,
Unabridged  1986

infringe
  1.a. to break down:DESTROY
    b. DEFEAT, FRUSTRATE
    c. CONFUTE, REFUTE
    d. IMPAIR, WEAKEN
  2. to commit a breach of : neglect to fulfill or obey : VIOLATE,
     TRANSGRESS
     vi : ENCROACH, TRESPASS

infringement
  1. the act of infringing : BREACH, VIOLATION, NONFULFILLMENT
  2. an encroachment or trespass on a right or priveledge : TRESPASS
                                      ~~~~~
  
Now, by what stretch of the imagination do you get your ideas about
infringement of rights?  

Al
[standard disclaimer]


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54327
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

>>The two situations are hardly analogous, unless you wish to make the
>>>dubious claim that the US legal system would provide equivalent treatment 
>>>to BD children that the Romans did for those of conquered rebels.

>Actually, all the analogy calls for the the Branch Davidian _feeling_
>their treatment would be along these lines. After a military
>assualt (instead of a peacefull effort to serve a warrant) and
>weeks os siege, such a feeling might not be completely irrational.


Actually, if I were one of the survivors and wanted to institute a civil
rights violation lawsuit against the Treasury Dept., I would claim that
the BATF/FBI itself was to blame for any mass hysteria/insanity...

without due process, the siegers shone lights, laser beams, multi-colored
spotlights, all the while playing loudly amplified music consisting of
everything from Tibetan Chant to Heavy Metal, and coupled with the fear,
the poor nutrition, the rampant paranoia, I'd say it was very likely
those poor nuts were made even nuttier.  After all, isn't sleep deprivation,
sensory overload, etc., part of the "new age" method of torture?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54328
From: PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU (David Veal)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>
<34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
 
>I will be surprised if this post makes it past the censors,
>but here goes:
>
>Monday, 19 April, 1993 13:30 EDT
>
>                    MURDER  MOST  FOUL!!
>
[...]
>
>THIS IS MURDER!
>
>ATF MURDERERS!  BUTCHERS!!
>
>THIS IS GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE, INCLUDING CHILDREN!
 
      Well, chalk one up for driving away sympathies by looking like
a paranoid lunatic.
 
>
>I have predicted this from the start, but God, it sickens me to see
>it happen. I had hoped I was wrong. I had hoped that there was
>still some shred of the America I grew up with, and loved, left
>alive. I was wrong. The Nazis have won.
>
>I REPEAT, AS OF THIS TIME THERE ARE **NO  SURVIVORS**!
 
       Last I heard there were nine.  Apparently as of this point they've
found no bodies, except those killed during the initial assault a couple
of months ago.
 
       Be cute if Koresh hit the trail.
 
       Maybe he was bodily assumed into heaven.  Wouldn't that just
make AG Reno's day?
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal  University of Tennessee Division of Continuing Education
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed\
When you pushed me down the elevator shaft\ ... Sometimes I get to
thinking you don't love me anymore." - "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54329
From: tmh@expert.cc.purdue.edu (Todd M. Helfter)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge


>Does anyone have any idea about the size of Waco?  I'm just curious because
>if it were a small town that may have something to do with it.  Possibly not.
>It sure didn't take it very long to burn down though.  I was watching ABC and
>it only took like a little over 30 minutes to burn down.

	Waco is a city of about 100,000 people.  The population temporarily
   raised to about 102,000 people when all the feds, and state police officers
   arrived.

	I tell you what, I stayed in a hotel room about 4 miles from the BD
   compound around 3 weeks ago.  I have never felt more paranoid in my whole
   life.  There were at least 100 state police in the hotel.





>
>>The claim "we had the water turned off, so the fire engines had to bring
>>their own" doesn't hold up:  If they had cut off the water, they surely
>>could have turned it back on just as quickly.  They just didn't want to:
>>There were some scores to settle.  Message to anybody else is very clear:
>>"DON'T FUCK WITH US.  WE WILL DO YOU IN..."
>>
>Not that I am one to believe that everything that the government tells us is
>true but if that was the message they wanted to send why did they wait 51 days?
>I think the message would be better sent by charging in there right away - not
>waiting for 51 days and pounding them with sound, etc.
>
>>A bunch of dead BD members are not going to be so able to tell their
>>side of the story, so now all we have is the story according to the BATF
>>and FBI.  Also, Mr "care about the rights of people" Clinton, or his
>>administration approved this action (FBI said 'Washington had approved
>>it').  They FBI said the gas masks used by the BDs have a finite life,
>>and were close to running out.  WHY COULDN'T THEY HAVE JUST WAITED?
>
>Well, there are 9 people supposedly alive.  They can tell their story.  As far
>as Bill Clinton is concerned don't you think he has more pressing matters to
>attend to besides some small group of people in Texas?  How about Bosnia?  Now
>there's a problem......    Why couldn't they have waited?  They waited too long
>as it is.  Something should have been done earlier.
>
>>
>>They gov is trying to say it was a mass suicide.  In the past they had
>>expressed this was a real possibility, but now they decided it wasn't
>>a possibility so they could go on with the raid.  Apparantly what they
>>feel Korash was or was not capable of or going to do was driven by
>>what was most convenient at the time...
>>
>>Now this means that:
>>
>>1: The public and media will forget about all this - having become weary of
>>it.
>
>This has already happened for many people.
>
>>2: There will be no investigation (independent or otherwise) or a whitewash.
>
>Very much a possibility.
>
>>3: There will be no unsealing of the warrant and related documents.
>>4: What anybody will know about this incident will be the BATF version.
>
>With the way our government is I wouldn't doubt it.
>
>>5: The BATF has just been given Carte Blanche for further abuses, with
>>   the effective support and approval of the Administration.
>
>Clinton said on the news that he knew about what was happening but that it was
>all in the hands of the FBI.  That is if you choose to believe the media.
>
>>6: There WILL BE more abuses, with no concern of Administration censure.
>>7: The precident has been established that the Feds can kill in quantity
>>   to achieve their aims.  Especially if the target is excercising their
>>   rights under the Second Amendment, and the rest of the Bill of Rights,
>>   and is a government-declared un-nice fellow.
>
>If they had rocket launchers and such (as the press and gov claims) why
>shouldn't they have done something?  What possible use would a religious cult
>have for a rocket launcher?  Also, is child abuse covered by the Bill of
>Rights?
>
>> : LLs and CLAMs will be pleased.  Dung Tsow Ping(sp) will be pleased.
>>   Saddam Hussein(sp) will be pleased.  Idi Amin would be pleased.  Stalin
>>   would be pleased.  Even Hitler would be pleased.  Any self-respecting
>>   despot would nod and say "Well Done, Bill Clinton!!"
>>
>Well, then there are probably a lot of self-respecting despots in the US cause
>I'm sure they feel the same way.
>
>>God Bless America - Land of the Free!!!  (past tense).
>>
>>Well, maybe I AM overreacting.  But I see on the TV as I am typing where
>
>Maybe, maybe not.  There are a lot of questions that should be raised about
>this incident.  The problem is, who will do it and be heard?
>
>>govt spoksewoman (the new attorney general, known to be almost rabid
>>about private ownership of guns - wants to ban 'assault guns' and just
>>about everything else), is saying the FBI had "amazing restraint", then
>>falls back into the official goverenment line about how the BD were
>>guity of child abuse, and were into it in an on-going basis, and so on.
>>Note that according to the Liberal Elite, giving a child a spanking is
>>regarded as child abuse (seriously - if it gets known, the STATE can
>>take your child away from you if you spank your kid).  She also is saying
>
>Which state is that?  The federal government  or an individual state government
>?
>
>>CLINTON PERSONALLY APPROVED THIS OPERATION - she "told him it was
>>appropriate and so on, and he SAID OK, DO IT".  Somehow, I am not
>>surprised - the people MUST KNOW WHO IS BOSS - WHO IS IN CHARGE!!!
>>And it is obviouly no longer the people.
>>
>It seems to me that the people haven't been in charge for a long time.  If they
>really were I don't think the government would be doing as many things as it
>has in the past.
>
>>And I maintain the appropriate response, as far as this raid by BATF is
>>concerned, regarding child abuse is "so what?".  BATF are not our Child
>>Protective Services Police.  Yet.  After all the BD had been TRIED on
>>that charge before and found NOT GUILTY.  The gov't people have pretty
>>much gone silent on the terrible illegal guns BD supposedly has, and
>>stress the "continued child abuse" (apparantly to make it a seem as sort
>>of a 'rescue' operation, figuring everyone hates child abusers, and
>>anything is OK to use against them).  Occasional references to ammunition
>>possesed by the BDs and so on is irrelevant: it is NOT ILLEGAL to have
>>ammunition (yet).
>>
>True but is it illegal to have a rocket launcher?
>
>>Am I having a vain hope that an honest investigation will occur on this
>>thing?  Or will it simply be whitewashed under the rug, and Business
>>as Usual will continue to be the Order of the Day in the New Order?
>>Who will be given the official title of "Thought Police", I wonder...?
>>
>>And if Clinton and friends have their way, (highly likely at this point)
>>the New Order Government will also have all the guns...  So what if
>>"1984" is going to be ten years late...  I think we are going to discover
>>that we will be paying DEARLY for putting this fellow in office for decades
>>to come.  Even some die-hard supporters are having serious doubts about
>>their Savior.
>>
>Shit, if people dont get what they want right away there is an instant problem.
>Clinton has only been in office for a few months.  Give him a chance to get
>something done.  The guy had a lot of shit thrown in his lap in the beginning.
>Give him a chance to work on things a little.  As they say - Rome wasn't built
>in a day.
>
>>Yes, I am UPSET.  I see NO GOOD as far as civil/individual rights to
>>come of any of his proposals/decisions for the last month or so...
>>We have really been HAD.  Or Bill of Rights is now nothing but a quaint
>>curiosity.
>>
>I highly doubt that it is that bad yet.  How about the Rodney King trial?  The
>two people who were most responsible got the axe.  How bad the axe falls tho
>is yet to be seen.
>
>>Anybody for impeachment?
>>
>Nope.   I would prefer to give Bill a little more than four or five months to
>solve the nations problems.
>>--
>>pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
>>         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
>>WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
>>         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien
>
>Jason - u28037@uicvm.cc.uic.edu



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54330
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r0v4c$i1j@menudo.uh.edu> HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)  
writes:
> In <1r0poqINNc4k@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com writes:
> 
> > In article <C5rDAw.4s4@dartvax.dartmouth.edu> zed@Dartmouth.EDU (Ted  
> > Schuerzinger) writes:
> > Well, it's now Tuesday morning.  Where are those two arsons, now?  I said  
> > yesterday they would vanish, and there has been no further mention of them,  
> > just the desired "impression" is left.
> 
>   According to KIKK radio in Houston, all nine survivors are either in hos-
> pitals or in jails.  Inlucding the two who allegedly helped start the firess.

In the FBI briefing, no mention was made of having the fire starters in  
custody.
> 
> > Why could no one else even talk to them?  Why could Koresh's grandmother  
not  
> > talk to him or even send him a taped message?  Why the total isolation?
> 
>   Well, it wasn't TOTAL, 100% isolation.  After the lawyer snuck in the first
> time, they (the FBI, etc) let him go back inside several times, including, I
> think, the day before the final assualt.
> 

Why not his mother?  Why not the media?

> semper fi,
> 
> Jammer Jim Miller 
> Texas A&M University '89 and '91
>  
_______________________________________________________________________________ 
_
>  I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
> "Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing  
System."
>  "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
>       ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54331
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr20.143255.12711@mcs.kent.edu> mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu  
(The Lawnmowerman) writes:
>Also
>    someone should have told David and his followers that if they can't the  
heat
>    then they should stay out of the kitchen!! (pun intended)
> 
This tops the cold-hearted bastard list!  Unbelievable!  Had this countries  
morals sunk this low, that the death of innocent people is so callously viewed?

> Flame off
> 
> " Aaah Daniaalson yah wanna fight,  fight me!!"      
> -- 
>  
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
> | Matthew R. Hamilton   | mhamilto@mcs.kent.edu    |      A.K.A               
|
> | CS/ Physics Major     | 1499h751@ksuvxb.kent.edu |   (The Lawnmowerman)     
|
> | Kent State University	| 1299h751@ksuvxb.kent.edu |		 
	     |
>  
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
> |                                                                             
|
> |                                                                             
|
> |      Look here for future advice.quotes.sayings.jibberish.philosohy         
|
> |                                                                             
|
>  
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+


--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54332
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1993Apr20.151131.8531@news.uit.no> paale@stud.cs.uit.no (Paal  
Ellingsen) writes:
> In article <1r0qsrINNc61@clem.handheld.com>, Jim De Arras writes:
> |> Mr. Roby, you are a government sucking heartless bastard.  Humans died  
> |> yesterday, humans who would not have died if the FBI had not taken the  
actions  
> |> they did.  That is the undeniable truth. 
> 
> ....the question is: for how long? Even if the FBI had done nothing, I guess  
the 
> BDs would have committed suicide, but maybe not until hunger and thirst gave  
them
> the choice between sucide or surrender. 
> The BDs was warned in beforehand about the FBI action. They HAD the chance to
> surrender and get a fair trial. No matter who started the fire, the BDs were 
> responsible for 80+ peole dying. No one else.
> 

This is, of course, your opinion.  I differ greatly.  There can be NO doubt the  
FBI at least shares in the blame.

> -- 
> ============================================================================
> Paal Ellingsen       | Borgensvingen 67/102 | Tlf.: 083 50933
> paale@stud.cs.uit.no | 9100 Kvaloeysletta   | DATA = Dobbelt Arbeid Til Alle
> ============================================================================

--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54333
From: croaker@highlite.uucp (Francis A. Ney)
Subject: Re: CNN for sale


I will add my voice to the (hopefully) growing multitudes.

I hereby pledge $1000.00 towards the purchase of CNN, under the same conditions
as already described.  I will also post this idea on the other nets I can 
access (RIME and Libernet).

We may have to organize this ourselves, so I am looking for help.

Frank Ney  N4ZHG  EMT-A  LPVa  NRA ILA GOA CCRTKBA 'M-O-U-S-E'

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54334
From: dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

NUT CASE PANICS!!!!JUMPS THE GUN ON THE NET BEFORE GETTING FACTS STRAIGHT!!!!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54336
From: oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham)
Subject: Blast them next time

What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.

The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use
more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to
do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they
must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.

With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look
at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country
of ours.

With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
to death 51 days later.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54337
From: mech24135045@msuvx2.memst.edu
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>, <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
> CNN is reporting as I write this that the ATF has ignited all
> the buildings of the Branch Dividian ranch near Waco, TX. The
> lies from ATF say "holes were made in the walls and 'non-lethal' tear
> gas pumped in". A few minutes after this started the whole thing went up.
> ALL buildings are aflame. NO ONE HAS ESCAPED. I think it obvious that
> the ATF used armored flame-thrower vehicles to pump in unlit
> napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.

Well, actually, the Davidians (Koreshians?) started the fire themselves, 
the last I heard ( around 15:00 EST). Eight people ran out into the feilds
surrounding the compound. All were captured and two admitted to setting the 
fire. I don't buy your napalm theory at all (although it would have made a 
great commercial for my .sig). Why the hell would they have a wood stove
burning on such a warm day?  Flame throwers use liquid petroleum, napalm 
is more of a gel. Now to further dispute your theory, the diluted CS gas
was inserted around 06:00 if I understood correctly. The place didn't start
burning until around 10:00 or 11:00.
 
> THIS IS MURDER! ATF MURDERERS!  BUTCHERS!!
> THIS IS GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE, INCLUDING CHILDREN!
> I have predicted this from the start, but God, it sickens me to see
> it happen. I had hoped I was wrong. I had hoped that there was
> still some shred of the America I grew up with, and loved, left
> alive. I was wrong. The Nazis have won.
 
Calm down kid. Vernon (Koresh's real name) said himself that he would not leave
that compound alive. The inhabitants thereof had accepted the fact that they 
may very well have to kill themselves before it was all over.

> I REPEAT, AS OF THIS TIME THERE ARE **NO  SURVIVORS**!

There are at least eight survivors. A caller on Rush Limbaugh today suggested
that the rest may even be hiding in underground bunkers. That's not such a wild
idea considering their weaponry and resolve. 

> God help us all.
> PLEASE CROSSPOST -- DON'T LET THEM GET AWAY WITH THE SLAUGHTER OF THE 
> CHILDREN!
> W. K. Gorman - an American in tears.

Sheesh! Get over it. I haven't heard (read) such ranting since the Hindenberg
burned. This should have ended 50 days ago. I'm glad my tax dollars have
finally stopped working to pay a bunch of guys to stand around and give press
conferences. Now they can get back to more important things, like catching
cigarrette smugglers.

			Troy
Napalm sticks to kids.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54338
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1r00ug$d60@btr.btr.com> michaelh@public.btr.com (Michael Hahn  michaelh@btr.com) writes:
>Pol Pot				100,000s Killed?

I've read estimates that Pol Pot killed somewhere in the neighborhood
of 2 million.

Drew 
--
betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54340
From: julie@eddie.jpl.nasa.gov (Julie Kangas)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

In article <1r19l9$7dv@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham) writes:
>What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
>had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
>compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.
>
>The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
>transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use
>more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to
>do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they
>must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.
>
>With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
>more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
>the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look
>at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country
>of ours.
>
>With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
>mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
>women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
>to death 51 days later.
>


Well, it's said that people get the government they deserve.

Don't worry, you'll get yours.  You'll sleep much better when
everyone with thoughts not on the government 'approved' list
is rounded up and executed.

Julie
DISCLAIMER:  All opinions here belong to my cat and no one else

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54341
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

In article <121415@netnews.upenn.edu> egedi@ahwenasa.cis.upenn.edu (Dania M. Egedi) writes:
:In article <1993Apr16.222604.18331@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>, andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:
:|> In article <1993Apr16.174436.22897@midway.uchicago.edu> pkgeragh@gsbphd.uchicago.edu (Kevin Geraghty) writes:
:|> >wrong about the  whole guns-for-protection mindset, it ignores the
:|> 
:|> Why?  If you're not a threat, you're not affected at all.
:|> 
:
:Aha.  That's the part that makes me nervous too.  Who gets to decide if
:I am a threat?  Based on appearance?  Would someone feel more threatened
:
Actions determine whether someone presents a threat... and I don't carry a gun
so much for people, cause I tend to fade if there are any about, but due to 
several encounters with formerly domestic dogs...  these critters ain't scared
of folks, and can get aggressive.

:on staying at and saw someone sitting there cleaning his gun.  Softly I backed
:away, and hiked another 5 miles to get *out of there*.  I'll freely admit it here:
:I'm not afraid of guns; I'm afraid of people that bring them into the backcountry.
:
I'd count that as a fear of guns... somebody having the sense to keep their
weapons maintained isn't as likely to present a threat.  The Army taught me to
clean any weapons DAILY, since they usually need it, regardless of whether 
they've been used... You'd be amazed how sweaty a holster can get, or how much
trail dust will get in it.  And I guess you'd be scared of me and my former
Explorer Post... seems the advisors were National Guard Special Forces grunts,
and considered it heresy to be out in the woods without a weapon... course, 
usually you wouldn't notice 'em... :)  They tended to avoid public scrutiny...

:Of course, that may be the way to solve the solitude problem.  Just carry a gun
:and display it prominently, and one probably won't see most of the other hikers
:out there, who will be hiding in the woods.  1/2 :-)
:
: - Dania
My 9mm goes in a hip holster, mixed in with magazine pouches (hold lotsa stuff 
in them), canteens, knives, compasses, and such...  Not so easy to notice, in 
the off chance I decide to be visible... I prefer not to be, since walking 
quietly away from active areas increases the number of non-human type critters
I see...

James


-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54342
From: William_Mosco@vos.stratus.com
Subject: RE: Blast them next time


>        #DELETED BECAUSE IT SOUNDS TWISTED" 
>With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed 
>more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is 
>the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look 
>at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country 
>of ours. 

 ##flame thrower on## 
 Well I don't want my tax dollars going to that kind of philosophy. 
 maybe if the good folks you are talking about are people like you 
 than I might be inclined to accept it. What does the batf do anyway? 
 Why don't we have a bureau for militant, paranoid, freedom killers 
 like yourself. People like you are more dangerous than alcohol, 
 tobacco and firearms. 
>With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with 
>mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few 
>women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn 
>to death 51 days later. 
 Maybe we should just have nuked the whole city, I mean, what's a 
 100,000 good souls anyway? 
 Get real, you sound like a racist.  I guess life isn't so precious 
 to you, do you realize that there were  24 children KILLED!!! 
 They will never get to fall in love, they won't see another sunrise, 
 no prom, no first date, no football, baseball no NOTHING.  Why doesn't 
 some people think first before they let everyone know how narrow they 
 are. 

 "Flame thrower off" 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54344
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5rynw.Iz8@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>And I suppose the FBI also prevented them from coming out with their 
>hands up while national tv cameras watch.
>
Watch from where?  Two miles away?  Far enough away that whatever
really happenned must be explained through the vengeful filter of
a humiliated agency that said (quote!) "Enough is enough."

>scenario that is simplest and most plausible.  I do not generally 
>believe in conspiracy theories that involve complicated and unlikely 
>scenarios.

The FBI sent letters to Martin Luther King's wife insinuating
that MLK was having an affair!  Again, please tell us exactly
how much you trust our supposedly benevolent government.

>The BATF is by no means devoid of fault in the handling of this affair.
>But to suggest that they may have intentionally started the fire is 
>ludicrous.

I suspect that there were plenty of camerapeople willing to
risk small arms fire to get some good footage.  These people
were told to get the hell out of camera range.  Why?

Drew 
--
betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54345
From: mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
>I will be surprised if this post makes it past the censors,
>but here goes:
>
>Monday, 19 April, 1993 13:30 EDT
>
>                    MURDER  MOST  FOUL!!
>
>CNN is reporting as I write this that the ATF has ignited all
                                           ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
I watched the CNN report and I never heard them report that the ATF started the
fire.  They did speculate that the type of CS gas might have _accidentaly_
started the fire.  

>the buildings of the Branch Dividian ranch near Waco, TX. The
>lies from ATF say "holes were made in the walls and 'non-lethal' tear
>gas pumped in". A few minutes after this started the whole thing went up.
                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^
From my understanding of the CNN report it was 6 HOURS after they started.

>ALL buildings are aflame. NO ONE HAS ESCAPED. I think it obvious that
>the ATF used armored flame-thrower vehicles to pump in unlit
              ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The track vehicle that I saw in the vicinity of the building where fire was 
first noticed looked more like an armored recovery vehicle (the type used to 
tow tanks of battle fields) and not an armored flame-thrower vehicle.

>napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
                      ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day  
in Texas.  It seems to me that it would be very poor planing to hope for a wood
stove to ignite the "napalm" when the stove would probably not be in use.  And 
I doubt that it would have taken 6 hours to ignite it.

>
>THIS IS MURDER!
>
>ATF MURDERERS!  BUTCHERS!!
>
>THIS IS GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE, INCLUDING CHILDREN!
>
>I have predicted this from the start, but God, it sickens me to see
>it happen. I had hoped I was wrong. I had hoped that there was
>still some shred of the America I grew up with, and loved, left
>alive. I was wrong. The Nazis have won.
                         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Right Clinton is in office.  (Sorry I couldn't resist, please no flames :))

>
>I REPEAT, AS OF THIS TIME THERE ARE **NO  SURVIVORS**!
>
>God help us all.
>
>
>PLEASE CROSSPOST -- DON'T LET THEM GET AWAY WITH THE SLAUGHTER OF THE CHILDREN!
>
>
>W. K. Gorman - an American in tears.

In short Mr. Gorman (I am assuming Mr. as a title because I don't think a woman
would be stupid enough to make this post) I don't know what episode of CNN you
were watching but it obviously was not the same one that I was watching or your
tears seamed to have blured your hearing along with your eye sight.

Please excuse any mispelled words as I am a product of the Arkansas education
system which Slick Willie of the "Double Bubba Ticket" has so greately improved
during his tenour as Governer of my great state (taking it from 49th in the 
nation in 1980 and allowing it to drop to 51st, how I don't know, and bringing
it to 44st and back to either 48th or 49th in 1990--sorry I can't rember the 
source of these numbers but they can be found).

Michael F. Rhein



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54346
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: So much for "infinite patience"

In article <1993Apr19.225700.3976@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca> j979@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca (FULLER  M) writes:
:
:So much for "infinite patience."
: 
;I find it hard to swallow that prolonged exposure to "massive" amounts of
:
:And they said that the bomb dropped on MOVE wouldn't start a fire, either.
:
:The real kicker, though, is the stated justification for the government's 
:sudden loss of patience: They wouldn't be able to "rotate their teams" 
:
:This outcome could be foreseen a mile (or two) away, but Reno didn't even
:
:Malcolm Fuller, Surveying Engineering, University of New Brunswick

The really good part:  "At this point we're not negotiating," FBI spokesman
Bob Ricks said at a news briefing about a half hour before the fire began. 
"We're saying,'Come out.Come out with your hands up. This matter is over.'"

Criminal... so much for Billary saying we won't force the issue... anybody
have the WH information number?  Figure ol' Bill could use a lesson from the
ROTC he scorned: "You are responsible for all that your unit/troops do or fail
to do."  Want to ask him how he enjoys being responsible for violating the
Constitutional rights of a group, resulting in the deaths of over a hundred of them, plus four Federal agents...

James

-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54348
From: v111qheg@ubvmsb.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

In article <1993Apr20.003522.22480@midway.uchicago.edu>, thf2@midway.uchicago.edu writes...
>In article <1qvfik$6rf@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> cj195@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (John W. Redelfs) writes:
>>Now that Big Brother has rubbed out one minority religion in Waco, who is
>>next?  The Mormons or Jews?
> 
>The Koreshians rubbed themselves out.  Neither Mormons nor Jews have a
>propensity for dousing themselves with kerosene, so I'm not particularly
>concerned.  (Or shall we blame Jim Jones on the government also?)
> 
>Be thankful that the BATF standoff at least got some of the kids out before
>the cult committed mass suicide.
> 

	Dont you believe that the Branch Davidians committed suicide for one
minute. I would not put it past the FBI to lob in some incendiary grenades
while they feed your their story. Don't ever ever trust what your wonderful
government tells you. Janet Reno and the FBI have the murder of a hundred
people on their hands. Hope they can sleep at night....

P.Vasilion, kb2nmv
SUNY @ BUFFALO
<<STD.DISCLAIMERS>>

"All you cult haters happy now? Just hope that your not next."

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54349
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

In article <1r19l9$7dv@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>, oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham) writes:
>What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
>had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
>compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.
>
>The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
>transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use
>more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to
>do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they
>must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.
>
>With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
>more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
>the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look
>at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country
>of ours.
>
>With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
>mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
>women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
>to death 51 days later.
>

Did you forget to put in a sarcasm flag?

Al
[standard disclaimer]





Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54350
From: donb@netcom.com (Don Baldwin)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

In article <C5sE5E.Coy@boi.hp.com> dianem@boi.hp.com (Diane Mathews) writes:
>Ahem.  See the War on Drugs, as sponsored by the Bush and Reagan
>administrations.  The precedent had well been set for federal agencies to
>step on more than a few of what people consider "rights."  I won't make
>excuses for anyone, but most of the damage had been done before Clinton
>even entered the race in '92.

Not to mention last year's Weaver affair.

Anyway, here's how I see the Waco affair; I'd be interested in other peoples'
interpretations...

1. Koresh and his people were basically minding their own business.
2. Some weapons violations may have been committed and I wouldn't have
   disapproved of prosecuting him for those violations.  However, I think
   the BATF was criminal for starting negotiations with a military style
   assault and for firing into a house where there were children and other
   noncombatants.
3. I don't see they couldn't just leave a token guard on the place and wait
   the BDs out; I don't approve of the tear gas approach and, if it caused
   the fire to be started, I think the FBI agent responsible should spend
   10-20 years in jail.
4. However, if Koresh's response to the tear gas was to kill everyone there,
   I hold him largely responsible for their deaths.

   don






Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54351
From: shaffer@achilles.ctd.anl.gov (Michael A. Shaffer)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

Hmmm... I hadn't heard about rockets. ATF must be escalating their
tall tails... anyway
>If they had rocket launchers and such (as the press and gov claims) why
>shouldn't they have done something?

Why should they have "done something"? The Davidians had not attacked
or even threatened anyone.

>What possible use would a religious cult have for a rocket launcher?

It is not yours nor the governments right to tell others what they have
a legitimate right to own.

>Also, is child abuse covered by the Bill of Rights?

Is child abuse now within the jurisdiction of the department of the
treasury? Attacking citizens without due process on the strength of
unsubstantiated rumors about a violation of a law which does not
fall under your jurisdiction is a pretty serious breech of rights.

>Shit, if people dont get what they want right away there is an instant >problem.
>Clinton has only been in office for a few months.  Give him a chance to get
>something done.  The guy had a lot of shit thrown in his lap in the beginning.
>Give him a chance to work on things a little.  As they say - Rome wasn't built
>in a day.

If he gets any more done we will really be in trouble!

				mike

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54352
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

Hmm... am I the only person that remembers Masada?  This isn't the first time
a group has committed suicide to avoid persecution/capture... and you seem to
miss the point that the raid SHOULD NEVER HAVE HAPPENED IN THE FIRST PLACE!!!
I find the FBI actions too damn reminiscent of the Warsaw Ghetto... fitting 
that Al Gore was in Poland for events marking the 50th anniversery of that...
Remove any references to dates and you have two raids by government troops
wearing black uniforms, carrying automatic weapons, backed by armored vehicles,
against religious minorities they claim were practicing sexually deviant 
behavior and hoarding weapons... Too damn similar...

James

ps: I am not advocating the BD's, I just find the whole situation too damn 
troubling.

-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54353
From: gs26@prism.gatech.EDU (Glenn R. Stone)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

In <2077@rwing.UUCP> pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto) writes:

>Anybody for impeachment?

Yeah, me.  Both the Slickmeister and Hillary's buddy Janet say
they're responsible... I want both their resignations on my desk 
yesterday.  I also want both thier butts up on federal civil rights
violations.... something which carries life in prison as a penalty.

Oh, and I'll contribute $20 to Arlen Specter's presidential campaign
for having the 'nads to launch the Senate investigation.

-- Glenn R. Stone (glenns@eas.gatech.edu)       ==================
America in Distress                             ==================
(flag upside down = SOS)                        *******===========
Save your Republic before                       *******===========
it no longer exists.                            *******===========

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54354
From: starr@genie.slhs.udel.edu (Tim Starr)
Subject: Re: With Friends Like These -- L. Neil Smith

In article <C5D05G.6xw@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca> papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod) writes:
}In article <1993Apr10.155819.18237@sco.com> allanh@sco.COM (Allan J. Heim) writes:
}>Look, if you can figure out a reliable means of keeping guns away from
}>bad people, while not interfering with good people, I think we'd all be
}>for it.  The problem is, the methods we're using now don't do the trick.
}
}Don't manufacture them.  Don't sell them.  Don't import them.

Japan did this.  It required near-total isolation from the rest of the world
for 2 centuries.

}Some guns will get through, but far fewer, and far less people will
}die because of them.  Hunting weapons could be allowed, of course, as
}long as they are big, and bulky, and require reloading after a few
}shots (how many times can you shoot at the same animal, anyways One
}assumes they are moving!)

Hunting weapons are great for extortionist sharpshooters.  "Send me money or
else I'll pick you off from 2 miles away."

Tim Starr - Renaissance Now!

Assistant Editor: Freedom Network News, the newsletter of ISIL,
The International Society for Individual Liberty,
1800 Market St., San Francisco, CA 94102
(415) 864-0952; FAX: (415) 864-7506; 71034.2711@compuserve.com

Think Universally, Act Selfishly - starr@genie.slhs.udel.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54355
From: starr@genie.slhs.udel.edu (Tim Starr)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

In article <16BAECE99.PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu> PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal) writes:
}In article <C5D4Hv.8Dp@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca>
}papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod) writes:
}
}>In article <92468@hydra.gatech.EDU> gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHPLEIGH) writes:
}>>
}>2.If Guns were banned, and a bunch showed up in south florida, it
}>would be 100x easier to trace and notice then a small ripple in the
}>huge wave of the American gun-craze.
}                  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
}
}       Do they teach courses in rude in Canada?

They don't have too.  Canadian culture is handed down largely from the United
Empire Loyalists who fled from the American Revolution.  Canuckleheads tend
to have a "cratophilic," or government-loving attitude towards authority.

Paul Prescod is right in line with this elitist bigotry and prejudice that
all my Canadian friends hate in their fellow citizens.  His sort of snobbish
Canuck have an irrational horror of American democratic "armed mobs."

Tim Starr - Renaissance Now!

Assistant Editor: Freedom Network News, the newsletter of ISIL,
The International Society for Individual Liberty,
1800 Market St., San Francisco, CA 94102
(415) 864-0952; FAX: (415) 864-7506; 71034.2711@compuserve.com

Think Universally, Act Selfishly - starr@genie.slhs.udel.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54356
From: starr@genie.slhs.udel.edu (Tim Starr)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

In article <C5D42C.88K@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca> papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod) writes:
}
}>  Drugs are banned, please tell me when this supply will dry up?
}
}Drugs are easier to manufacture, easier to smuggle, easier to hide.
}
}No comparison.

You, sir, are an ignorant fool who knows nothing about either the drug
business or the gun business.

Tim Starr - Renaissance Now!

Assistant Editor: Freedom Network News, the newsletter of ISIL,
The International Society for Individual Liberty,
1800 Market St., San Francisco, CA 94102
(415) 864-0952; FAX: (415) 864-7506; 71034.2711@compuserve.com

Think Universally, Act Selfishly - starr@genie.slhs.udel.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54357
From: cathy@LANCE.ColoState.Edu (Cathy Smith)
Subject: WEIRD SCIENCE -- by L. Neil Smith

Posted by Cathy Smith for L. Neil Smith

                           WEIRD SCIENCE

Everyone knows how to tell when a politician is lying:  his lips 
move.  What may not be equally obvious is that there are 
politicians and then there are politicians -- and that the phrase 
"political science" is subject to more than one interpretation.  

Years ago, we heard how "scientists" were worried that a new Ice 
Age might be coming, and later on that "nuclear winter" -- smoke 
and dust thrown into the atmosphere by full-scale international 
unpleasantness -- was a possibility.  Something like that may even 
have killed the dinosaurs.  

What we didn't hear was that no actual data supported any of this, 
that real-world events (the burning of Kuwaiti oil fields) tended 
to discredit it, that mostly it was propaganda meant to weaken 
values that made America the most successful culture in history, 
and that the dinosaurs probably died of something like the Plague 
when continents drifted together, exposing them to new germs.  

We miss a lot like this, unless we listen closely.  Prince William 
Sound, site of the famous oil spill, and Mount St. Helen's weren't 
supposed to recover from their respective disasters for at least 
100 years.  That turned out not to be true, although you'd never 
know it from watching network nightly news or CNN.  It doesn't fit 
their agenda to inform us that the earth is vast and resilient, and 
that nature is rougher on herself than we could ever be.  

But for once, the media aren't entirely to blame.  As ignorant of 
science as they are of everything, they trust "scientists" to 
unscrew the inscrutable.  The trouble is that today's "scientists" 
have agendas of their own.  

Nobody in government, that wellspring of scientific wherewithal, is 
going to offer grants to an investigator who states truthfully that 
there is no respectable evidence for "global warming".  The money 
and power for bureaucrats and politicians lie in mass transit, and 
they hate the automobile -- blamed as a major cause of the mythical 
crisis -- as a source of privacy and freedom they find intolerable.  

The same appears true of "acid rain", a deliberate hoax cooked up 
by the Environmental Protection Agency (which hates private 
industrial capitalism almost as much as it does your car) and 
foisted on real scientists through trickery which has depended on 
specialists in different fields not talking to each other much.  

The list goes on, always with a common, disreputable thread.  
"Ozone depletion", for which evidence is even more suspect and 
contradictory than for acid rain or global warming, is no more than 
a last, desperate attempt to indict private capitalism in an era 
when state central planning and the command economy have failed and 
can only find this final, withered leg to teeter on.  

Decades of anti-nuclear alarmism, resting on foundations of myth 
and panic-mongering, have failed to erase the fact that nuclear 
power is the safest, cleanest, most efficient source of energy 
known to mankind -- and more to the point, that the greater amount 
of energy there is available to any individual in society, the 
freer that individual -- and his society -- become.  

Honest studies on the effects of individual gun ownership and 
self-defense on crime -- conducted by investigators who began as 
ideological opponents to those concepts, but which show massive 
reductions in the latter to be the result of the former -- have 
been suppressed, most recently by the California state government.  

And what the media didn't say about recent EPA "discoveries" on the 
effect of "secondhand smoking" is that, although some harm to non-
smokers may have been detected, it was less (by an order or two of 
magnitude) than that associated with frying bacon a couple times a 
week or keeping a pet bird.  It's enough to make you wonder whether 
there was ever anything to the claim that smoking causes cancer.  

That, of course, is the real threat represented by politically 
correct science.  The world is a dangerous place.  It would be nice 
to know the hazards.  I've never believed smoking to be a healthy 
practice, but, given a lack of credibility on the part of today's 
science, how am I to decide what to do about it?  Nicotine is 
highly addictive, to that much I can attest from experience.  Yet 
the stress of quitting may be riskier than to continue.  There 
isn't any way to tell, thanks to the corrupting influence of 
government money on the scientific establishment.  

Two centuries ago, the Founding Fathers spared us certain agonies 
to which every other nation in the world has been subject at one 
time or another, by creating a legal barrier between politics and 
religion.  Each time some short-sighted individual or group has 
tried to lower the barrier (most recently over the issue of 
abortion), blood -- real human blood, hot and smoking in the street 
-- has wound up being shed.  

Real human blood is being shed over scientific issues, as people's 
lives are ruined through the loss, to agencies like the EPA, of 
livelihood, or property it may have taken a lifetime to accumulate, 
to diseases caused by toxins associated with burning fossil fuels 
for electrical power, or thanks to bans on things like cyclamates, 
when they die from the effects of obesity.  

What we need now, if we hope to survive as a civilization for two 
more centuries, is another barrier, a Constitutional separation of 
state and science -- including medicine.  Knowledge is valuable; 
real science won't languish for lack of funding.  The money will 
simply come from contributors unwilling to pay for lies, and 
everyone will benefit.  

L. Neil Smith
Author:  THE PROBABILITY BROACH, THE CRYSTAL EMPIRE, HENRY MARTYN, 
and (forthcoming) PALLAS
LEVER ACTION BBS (303) 493-6674, FIDOnet: 1:306/31.4
Libertarian Second Amendment Caucus
NRA Life Member

My opinions are, of course, my own.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54358
From: brians@atlastele.com (Brian Sheets)
Subject: Re: Constitutionality of 18 U.S.C 922(o)

In article <1qksp9$l39@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>In article <1993Apr15.142322.1318@atlastele.com>, brians@atlastele.com (Brian Sheets) writes:
>> and has no rights under the federal constitution. So, what I 
>> don't understand is how a statute like 922 can be enforced on 
>> an individual. So someone tell me how my government can tell
>> me what I can or cannot possess. Just passing a law 
>                                   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>> does not make it LAW. 
>  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>Sorry, but I really can't figure out what you're trying to say, above.

I guess what I am really asking, like I did above, how does my government
who is my servent, tell me the soveriegn what I can or cannot possess?

It would seem to me that the act of possessing a machine gun is no less
"criminal", by definition, than the act of possessing a television set. I also would seem
to me that it would be better to pass laws that say, that if I harm
or kill someone with the machine gun or the television set that there 
would be specific penalties for doing such. 

>
>> Everyone knows that laws are constitional
>> until it goes to court.

Sorry, I was close.

>
>Not exactly:

>"No on is bound to obey an uncontitutional law, and no courts are
> bound to enforce it."
> 16 Am Jur 2d, Sec 177
>      late 2d, Sec 256


-- 
Brian Sheets		    _   /|  	"TRUCK?! What truck?"
Support Engineer  	    \`o_O'    	 
Atlas Telecom Inc. 	      ( ) 	   -Raiders of the Lost Ark
brians@atlastele.com           U

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54359
From: yoony@aix.rpi.edu (Young-Hoon Yoon)
Subject: Re: Boston Gun Buy Back



>>Ron Miller wrote:
>>When you ask the question of the "authorities" or sponsors of buyback
>>programs whether they will check for stolen weapons and they answer
>>"no, it's total amnesty".
> (good point about registration schemes being used only for harassment deleted)

> I would also like to point out that this is receiving stolen property and is 
>no different than a pawn shop owner doing the same thing. 
> 
>  
>	Myron Petro
>	NRA, USPSA
>        DVC y'all
>	**************************************************************************
>	 The opinions included in this post are my sole responsibility.
>	 And are protected by the First Amendment and guarnteed by the 
>	 Second Amendment.   

If amnesty was their concern, they should pay in cash rather than moneyorder
and they should check to see if the gun turned in was stolen or not.
This way if a gun turns out to be stolen, then even if they wanted to 
prosecute, they don't know who to prosecute.
Since the only concern of these(HCI and the like) people seems to be the total
eradication of guns( legal or illegal ), why should they bother to check for
stolen property.  If they knew who the rightful owner is, then they would have
to return the gun and hence contrary to their intent to ban all guns.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54361
From: donb@netcom.com (Don Baldwin)
Subject: Re: Ax the ATF

In article <1r1173INNajc@cronkite.Central.Sun.COM> 
dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM writes:
>Even if it were a capital offense, the warrant was not even an arrest warrant,
>but a search warrant.  In other words, there was no evidence of illegal
>arms, just enough of a suggestion to get a judge to sign a license to
>search for illegal evidence.

It's hard to know what/who to believe.  However, the letter I received from
the BATF, in response to one I sent to Bentsen, said that there was a search
warrant AND an arrest warrant.

     don



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54362
From: whughes@lonestar.utsa.edu (William W. Hughes)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

In article <2077@rwing.UUCP> pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto) writes:
>I am sick, dismayed, discouraged.  And ASHAMED of our Administration.
>
>Anybody for impeachment?

I have already called senators, legislators and the Governor demanding
that the warrants be unsealed, and that all involved in this atrocity
(including the President, Attorney General and Governor) be suspended
pending an investigation.

I seriously doubt, however, that anything will ever be done.


Welcome to Amerika!


-- 
                            REMEMBER WACO!
     Who will the government decide to murder next? Maybe you?
[Opinions are mine; I don't care if you blame the University or the State.]

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54363
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1qvjh9INNh4l@hp-col.col.hp.com> dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff)  
writes:
> NUT CASE PANICS!!!!JUMPS THE GUN ON THE NET BEFORE GETTING FACTS STRAIGHT!!!!

I really don't understand all this!  I watched on satellite network feeds as  
perhaps 90 people died before my eyes, while the two Huey's fanned the flames,  
and the FBI stopped the firetrucks at the gate. 

Something was VERY wrong with that scene.

Perhaps if I'd watched RAMBO movies, I might've been dulled to the pain of  
fellow humans dying.

Thank GOD I still feel.  I'm very sorry for you who don't.  For you who think  
they got what they deserved.  Can you really believe that?  Even if Koresh was  
the sadistic mad man they said he was, did the others deserve his fate?   If,  
in fact, he was mad, wasn't that even more reason to believe he duped his  
followers, and therefore they were innocent, brainwashed, victims?  Is there  
any scenaro that justifies all that death?

And if not, it is clear that the deaths would not have occured if the BATF has  
not FUCKED UP initially, and now the FBI got impaitent and pushed Korech over  
the edge.

And that's if you buy the latest version of the "story" hook, line, and sinker.   
I have believed all along that they could not let them live, the embarrassment  
to the BATF and the FBI would've been too severe.

Remember, this was a suspicion of tax-evasion warrant.  There were no  
witnesses, except the FBI.  All information filtered through the FBI.  All they  
had to do was allow one remote controlled pool camera be installed near the  
building, and the press could've done their job, and would've been able to back  
the FBI's story with close up video, while incurring no risk to the press.   
Unless they did not want the public to see something.  The complete lack of any  
other source of information other than the FBI really causes me concern. 


Sick to my stomach, and getting sicker from all the Government apologists
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54364
From: zed@Dartmouth.EDU (Ted Schuerzinger)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>
<34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:

> I will be surprised if this post makes it past the censors,
> but here goes:
> 
> Monday, 19 April, 1993 13:30 EDT
> 
>                     MURDER  MOST  FOUL!!
> 
> CNN is reporting as I write this that the ATF has ignited all
> the buildings of the Branch Dividian ranch near Waco, TX. The
> lies from ATF say "holes were made in the walls and 'non-lethal' tear
> gas pumped in". A few minutes after this started the whole thing went up.
> ALL buildings are aflame. NO ONE HAS ESCAPED. I think it obvious that
> the ATF used armored flame-thrower vehicles to pump in unlit
> napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
> 
> THIS IS MURDER!
> 
> ATF MURDERERS!  BUTCHERS!!
> 
> THIS IS GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE, INCLUDING CHILDREN!
> 
> I have predicted this from the start, but God, it sickens me to see
> it happen. I had hoped I was wrong. I had hoped that there was
> still some shred of the America I grew up with, and loved, left
> alive. I was wrong. The Nazis have won.
> 
> I REPEAT, AS OF THIS TIME THERE ARE **NO  SURVIVORS**!
> 
> God help us all.
> 
> 
> PLEASE CROSSPOST -- DON'T LET THEM GET AWAY WITH THE SLAUGHTER OF THE CHILDREN!
> 
> 
> W. K. Gorman - an American in tears.

The latest news I saw was that two of the eight known survivors (not NO
SURVIVORS!!! as you so rudely put in all caps) said they started the
fire.

I won't go on with the things the wacko of Waco did.


--Ted Schuerzinger
zed@Dartmouth.EDU
This is not the secret message.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54366
From: k@hprnd.rose.hp.com (Steve Kao)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

Daniel Oldham (oldham@ces.cwru.edu) wrote:
> The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
> transports. ...

> With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
> mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
> women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
> to death 51 days later.

Is this a joke?  The legal way to serve a search warrant is to knock on
the door.  Tossing in a grenade to serve a search warrant violates the
US Constitution and is hence, illegal.  The BD complied with legal
search warrants in the past.  I do not understand why the BATF used an
illegal means to serve their search warrant last February.

- Steve Kao

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54367
From: gs26@prism.gatech.EDU (Glenn R. Stone)
Subject: Re: my reply to NY Times editorial "Dear Member of the NRA"

In <1993Apr20.004532.23086@husc3.harvard.edu> kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim) writes:


>as a legal gun owner, I must disagree.  Even when I don't see eye-
>to-eye with the N.R.A. on a particular issue, they are the only
>national group which has effectively fought for my rights to target
>shoot, hunt, and protect myself from dangerous criminals.  

One more time.

It ain't about duck hunting.

It ain't about lone perps on lonely streets.

It's about DEFENDING OUR RIGHTS from the *GOVERNMENT*, which 
has seen fit to ignore history and attempt once again to take
them from us.  They WILL SUCCEED if we don't do something NOW.

That's why I think the NRA is a bunch of WEENIES, because they
have FORGOTTEN that fundamental fact.

Pardon all my shouting, but there seem to be a whole helluva lot
of people on Condition White, fat, dumb, and happy, sucking that
glass teat for all they're worth.... Wake up and smell the cordite,
gang, they're shooting at us, and it's high time we shot back,
at least with our keyboards..... 

my two bits'

Glenn R. Stone (glenns@eas.gatech.edu)
fly your flags at half staff and upside down,
to mourn and protest the death of the BoR.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54368
From: VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: AMA Support Brady Bill

In article <1r044aINNh9f@tamsun.tamu.edu> dlb5404@tamuts.tamu.edu (Daryl Biberdorf) writes:

>The following was sent to me by a friend of mine (a med student).  It
>originally appeared in a medical discussion list.
>
>--GUN CONTROL - The AMA expressed support for S. 414 and H.R. 1025 (the "Brady
>--Handgun Violence Prevention Act").  Citing its strong support for the "Brady
>--Bill" in past Congresses, the AMA termed as "particularly alarming" violence
>--associated with, and stemming from, the widespread and easy availability and
>--use of firearms.  The AMA proceeded to comment:  "While we recognize that a
>--waiting period of 5 business days before a handgun purchase will not address
>--all of the difficult problems that have made violence so prevalent in our
>--society, we believe that it is a beginning and will save lives.  Physicians
>--are first-hand witnesses to the horrendous cost in human life being exacted
>--by firearm violence. A reasonable waiting period before the purchase of a
>--handgun is a protection that the American people deserve."  (Letters to
>--Senator Howard M. Metzenbaum and Representative Charles E. Schumer; March 11,
>--1993.)

       I wonder if the AMA has an exact listing of "lives saved" in 
Tennessee, California, and other waiting period states.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54369
From: chiu@io.nosc.mil (Francis Chiu)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

Daniel Oldham (oldham@ces.cwru.edu) wrote:
: What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
: had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
: compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.
                  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    Initial assault on the "compound" ( more like a wooden farm house if
  it burned to the ground like it did ) for WHAT?  Regardless of who
  started/caused the fire, NONE of this would have happened if the
  ATF can HONESTLY justify their initial assault and handled it 
  properly!  

   QUESTION AUTHORITY!
  
<SNIP>
: With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
: more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
: the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look
: at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country
: of ours.
: 
: With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with

    Show me some evidenence instead of repeating what the FBI/ATF
  told you.

: mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
: women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
: to death 51 days later.

    Then I'm sure you won't mind if the ATF or the DEA raid your house
  someday on a bogus informant tip.  So what if they killed/wounded your 
  family "accidentally" during the raid, it's just a fair price to pay
  for law and order in this country, right?  Answer this question 
  honestly before making anymore ignorant statements!

    What is even more disturbing than out of control government agencies
  are citizens who allow them to be irresponsible. 

--F. Chiu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54371
From: gs26@prism.gatech.EDU (Glenn R. Stone)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??

In <CMM.0.90.2.735315429.thomasp@holmenkollen.ifi.uio.no> thomasp@ifi.uio.no (Thomas Parsli) writes:

>	1. Make a new Newsgroup called talk.politics.guns.PARANOID or 
>	talk.politics.guns.THEY'R.HERE.TO.TAKE.ME.AWAY

>	2. Move all postings about waco and burn to (guess where)..

What does this <censored> from NORWAY think he's doing telling us
how to run the place?  I wanna know... somebody please 'splain.

Guess how NORWAY survived the Third Reich?  Give you a hint,
it wasn't by passive resistance the way the Danes did it....

Glenn R. Stone (glenns@eas.gatech.edu)
wearer of asbestos underoos

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54372
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...

In article <1993Apr20.050550.4660@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca>, j979@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca (FULLER  M) writes:

> Yet, the FBI mouthpiece at this afternoon's press conference characterized
> the quantity of CS gas pumped into the building as "massive", and speculated
> that after a few hours of exposure any Davidian gas masks would become
> useless.
> 
> Does this sound "not harmful" to you?

Hm.  A previous poster argued that the fact that the BD's did not rush to
escape the burning building indicated that it was they, and not any of the
government actions, that started the fire.  On the other hand, I wonder if,
with a face full of "massive amounts of CS," *I* would be able to escape
a burning tinder-box like that ranch house assuming my best efforts.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54373
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Waco, they did it.    ( MASADA )

In article <C5rtLJ.Aqz@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu>, wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:

> I can't see these people standing calmly around while they burned to
> death. Sorry. I just can't see them choosing a death as horrible as
> this. The story doesn't wash. It'll take some convincing to get me
> to believe it. The FBI said today that Koresh had earlier intended
> to strap himself with explosives, come over to the FBI agents and
> detonate, but lost his nerve. He lost his nerve for a quick, clean
> death but not to roasted alive? Sorry, don't believe it, even if he
> was nutty as a fruitcake.

On Ted Koppel last night, the ubiquitous Australian woman claimed that
Koresh trained the women (years ago) how to commit suicide by swallowing
cyanide or by putting a gun in their mouth.  With cyanide on hand, why
choose to roast yourself?  There are too many unanswered questions here.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54374
From: gs26@prism.gatech.EDU (Glenn R. Stone)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!


In <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> 34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET writes:

>I will be surprised if this post makes it past the censors,
>but here goes:

Fret not, you made it.

>I have predicted this from the start, but God, it sickens me to see
>it happen. I had hoped I was wrong. I had hoped that there was
>still some shred of the America I grew up with, and loved, left
>alive. I was wrong. The Nazis have won.

Not while we still have our guns.  <evil grin>  

Hey, gang, it's not about duck hunting, or about dark alleys,
it's about black-clad, helmeted and booted troops storming
houses and violating civil rights under color of law. 

Are YOU ready to defend YOUR Constitution?

-- Glenn R. Stone (glenns@eas.gatech.edu)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54375
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

In article <1r19l9$7dv@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham) writes:

   [flame-bait, pure and simple]



-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54376
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

In article <1993Apr20.083057.16899@ousrvr.oulu.fi>, dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas) writes:
> In article <1qv87v$4j3@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
> >In article <C5n3GI.F8F@ulowell.ulowell.edu>, jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) writes:

> >> The massive destructive power of many modern weapons, makes the
> >> cost of an accidental or crimial usage of these weapons to great.
> >> The weapons of mass destruction need to be in the control of
> >> the government only.  Individual access would result in the
> >> needless deaths of millions.  This makes the right of the people
> >> to keep and bear many modern weapons non-existant.

> >Thanks for stating where you're coming from.  Needless to say, I
> >disagree on every count.

> You believe that individuals should have the right to own weapons of
> mass destruction?  I find it hard to believe that you would support a 
> neighbor's right to keep nuclear weapons, biological weapons, and nerve
> gas on his/her property.  

> If we cannot even agree on keeping weapons of mass destruction out of
> the hands of individuals, can there be any hope for us?

I don't sign any blank checks.

When Doug Foxvog says "weapons of mass destruction," he means CBW and
nukes.  When Sarah Brady says "weapons of mass destruction" she means
Street Sweeper shotguns and semi-automatic SKS rifles.  When John
Lawrence Rutledge says "weapons of mass destruction," and then immediately
follows it with:

> The US has thousands of people killed each year by handguns,
> this number can easily be reduced by putting reasonable restrictions
> on them.

...what does Rutledge mean by the term?
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54377
From: kde@boi.hp.com (Keith Emmen)
Subject: Re: CNN for sale

If anyone is keeping a list of the potential contributors, 
you can put me down for $1000.00 under the conditions above

Keith Emmen
kde@boi.hp.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54378
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1993Apr20.163730.16128@guinness.idbsu.edu> betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz) writes:
>In article <C5rynw.Iz8@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>>And I suppose the FBI also prevented them from coming out with their 
>>hands up while national tv cameras watch.
>>
>Watch from where?  Two miles away?  Far enough away that whatever
>really happenned must be explained through the vengeful filter of
>a humiliated agency that said (quote!) "Enough is enough."

Please tell me what you think would have happened had the people 
come out with their hands up several weeks ago.

>>scenario that is simplest and most plausible.  I do not generally 
>>believe in conspiracy theories that involve complicated and unlikely 
>>scenarios.
>
>The FBI sent letters to Martin Luther King's wife insinuating
>that MLK was having an affair!  Again, please tell us exactly
>how much you trust our supposedly benevolent government.

More than someone who would not release children from the compound.

I.e., more than David Koresh/Vernon Howell/"Jesus Christ".
I saw lengthy excerpts from an Australian documentary made in 
1992 that clearly showed that this was a cult.

I am not pleased with the BATF handling of the affair.  I think they 
bungled it badly from the start.  But I don't think they are 
responsible for the fire, which started in two different places.

>>The BATF is by no means devoid of fault in the handling of this affair.
>>But to suggest that they may have intentionally started the fire is 
>>ludicrous.
>
>I suspect that there were plenty of camerapeople willing to
>risk small arms fire to get some good footage.  These people
>were told to get the hell out of camera range.  Why?
>
>Drew 
>--
>betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
>*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
>*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
>*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
>    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium


-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54380
From: donb@netcom.com (Don Baldwin)
Subject: A picture is worth a thousand words...

begin 644 outOfControl.gif
M1TE&.#=AN@*6`?```````/___RP`````N@*6`0`"_@Q@J)O-[XQ4#IYX::Z3
M9PUB4ZAY9`<NY59*:/!2L0C-J^W>2(>?[-C3Q70,6A`H9)&2OA=*ELQ)?RW+
MP3HT5F%1RQ%INGZNVMF4&WR0?4+>"OO!,-7(-SO,K#^I=2_<=J?4,QB(`X-V
MN)-X>+;C1^B&UI7C&#E)=7E&F)?9"?9X`OEH.77CE(*I!5KI^08H-I8PMC9:
M26HW"RLFN]LK>@NH1PN[UT>YQ,&ETL#[)#=BVO0<ZZ=VB7S=**D)!?G+\]M&
M%`[<2MY]$=[*JFW8V>6ZYHSZG6V.#DVZ-XS?[8*X:`@M6;SB;5M'<""U3VS&
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MTGT]+%:WZW&B]=*%2U.U2(3>*<)[FRUT68-87I>_N_I:3DF2`\/^UWLI1I^)
M_L:?@]D18E6AIMQ1A2F6T&S-074@3R+(%$5V]ODCDGI(I71:=_&)UYHJL#4H
M3(`U",?67N?A@B!A$:18FQ$%O;C%;B>!4Z$OF!!(8BF**:21?@8.J(1++A5H
MV&:118><=*PEEY^,$X)&6V;DL.B=@E)&.>1W[/&&TGL,;>FC<<:(R1]\C9'G
M!(.Y(1(-2,4YZ$]G5)H()7U!PHACBDQ5)I6<EH%YHD)P>,EDFF"5XV&&U=G4
MD'KV:*C@HW0-Y^<V%FY7(G?[04E,F_;DV>"??74*VF'7L4E=@N8IF1&5[&'S
MVW%^018<8Q)-8YT5KQ[G!IAIK"7A;KZ2Z%ELSUFZ_DI\RI)W47@6+:@HA`DV
M&DJ1ITK*:K,_X->K4=P"I!M@-5Z:#YV>*IDH9$%N.I^DQ>F)WFS'+E83<GEA
MB.I/)H4W)X>I601%I+PM9VZEPVXU+WA%FANP>U_86.>_CG(Y[KG<ZFO+*_RP
MVJ^6'!-,%#6S=)D/O3:^:F#"@9+\W%\W3A?AC,`@BF^U_";9\,+$+BMPGR])
MZS%S/&8YAXH2[ZP5Q#*&&Z.F8[);C,A0P3CUH&&HNZZJQ*#'Z9Z1Z@=KO7;A
ME300BSP+8K`7GPTMM@9=60Z[)_+<6L^IPMGOCJ7B[0Q-SB)-,=<4^L9,6/"M
M'6*]I)(Y<7VQXIIR3R4G_FY-5B+#K)G-FMV-VLI>#UXLC0I/;F;!N08>](:-
M2_=4EF.O&G3J3)YY,^H(&UOBAXP*FQUV`OJ5"NQZUR65D24_[C6#I(L-XIVZ
MQKLDN;1OF;OANB>)**>9.MPNDM,;&RVA>;]T\-RN?U^TSH";\FU^K5[7Y/7*
M_RF4<T[E$J;D(Y.)2\AAW[N9`0GN;M#C%?^X%S5W:()M<(D=D1*X'N)`2WH_
M`A30;J>HZ55I>/!26<5^!9C:X2R$WQH5?[03+E,QC&I#XY,!*Z<4>RTI:?LS
MTE7PQC\8BDI(QZ!.0T0TL_B!2WRE:U%7E,&Z"Y4F?'GP$/.26)+Y(5!>4FSB
M_ODL`1W&?<U"[0O(D5("CAGMBC3/RYE3=G*_,\8J:_B;UCXHUR[@=7"'-)RC
M#SL&P5J@$%D1&YWG("B_[FD1:!MYS\^&Y2X.;E%E'^M0``_904.A2FQFX-U/
M,$8?\`UF5V#KT<MZY"C@C<B*D&O$(Q>YA'LEXXJ)>1`F[V.W]!`1B4$13HZJ
M()]9GL^`BJ2;EM#'LQ9N+D#54UN^=B@:9$7#<X1B(Z[X8;]FH**-SGGAY1K'
MR#J6[UTMBV';.H2=^`&S#2SBG-%,IS/*G,9\BD03BJ!&H$:R,S>3>@44L2G)
M4NUM1(;@7>_DF3(*DJ$H]A-EYJ0YOQH&4!6G;,XH_L=&0_35R$RJ*6'&)CH^
MN0CH%+Q$&2Y?]QV!T/*>533=E,J7KEC:\V`T8QRD9&G16S2O'ERLA6W$2$#C
MI!(WB[G<-$TFJS)"CHYJ<J,9=>J8>39R@9($H[_V=D&4EDT>VSLJDM3I1POB
M,"WH.)/;1C5%A&)0H/OJ#=MF]=5)BE.!TS'E$R-Z/VLJ1X;&"X0$M[I!M![T
MHX.DW=HNR30=-?,_BA/L^HPHCD+!+*4@S:A'+[78>HY%'04=Z3D7%A;$B?2R
M3$7;*E=J2_WEL)IJS$5IU4C0,$5/:,W+GS2IJL&7LC6?:J-6'XE5NBQ"2IX^
M@YL@'4E(DQ*S9YP]%\[,_H%0ZU`P=W$B'&,X&,(*`==%YK,A'G"37+[P,PZ6
M]&#?D!I'2OE,5B4][KB8ZT6#M<AE@K,2/<DZ3A,I-FJZ]*U7WQ))MDIUMMX%
ME8;2:[3ZKBA?WC(N4/*81LMY\F0)[531/`FDU2ZO2O-R[4K0])$]=I5BARV3
M+Q\82T@6]S^'_&H_PI>I^!9ON\YM4^\"8^!WP+BQ)HN;`.O3)6C&58Z"RJWH
M>-C1U':RL@<4$A$?BZ\,?]"=`AVF?0%*18FNIX`)317G5/?(`2X3N)Z@+'OM
MMJ_H"D].W-C64`E;U%/R-+PAFY8.9:PU03[%B>"]B.8<FAD/[Y'`8$;N?.LK
M_CN5"@S*!*'Q\;`HPFT:3)6\Q>UF'4M"$VKQ>2Z2])I=6E<W]SBUK\4NV%2[
MK5,IH\Z?BW.FLTS>SD$YR>R@V4E=-59AMFZ%O]T?)4&%.4?Z-UE$$R[+&%OJ
M/SIYQ-?R78TQ&K.<&11B?0WH&C6MOQFV6<X&SFDU!!5);;+,KIBY"0GA]V%W
MP@/9EO5U8_!8R-6A6LF0OK.*VXMN$6ML14!4ZXM'O>-W:G4?U;PTCY?M;_SY
M;\':O;&#!WI1ZTE-JT,&\JY_[4"]I%>%A$FG*B4[V$D+[^(8?+C5\%K=;$'V
MT$4V]W(%/5,7JY"/Q_`T3P`=\#4CN-\R[S&#+TTK_H0KK1TU].$T;_Q&N4&Q
MOS4#EZ7X#%\L$_:F%?-XK9J\;>9Y>+Y)/T]2>EWRR$;=6EJC*>A\$W-HAMU_
M-5]VOGGZVK-/.^PTKM_VR.C@M'>3:-I4L'@SMZBOAQ2(LV9X!6?>;NI*EI:.
MUNF282U1/*,XD>+>I$DG;F^`1UOL!24MV<?NZ4X'7+MKI_RG\22F,H-R4M@.
MJK.1K.((L4_4K<ZU+>\Y[,-W6-=V5)]Z$X_7JDOX?]_LWLP#Y6>*=XWM,0>]
MP#&/_.33_/@N?[3EP2U\@W?FN;Q^>>\;*KZCR[YXZ`9IP'B-^)2JVL2*I^\S
M=E_8U%_=T+P/<%4G3%FY_O>SL\-/OMJ5C__\VW_YF;\\-R&L7*EV94`"7C-D
M-@Y702/4-$,45>`W*%Z%*7,`>U<5@5WS)>.3)]/'$JBF+0GX=]GW9]=63LTU
M.`*A?R?(?"C84Y)W?/>W(^LB%%A&:G>"1G5'.NK'8EWD5HN7+;*S@2)$1A/$
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MN'+P1(O;R(WZMQ/^]V]QAWTZASS8EH`^!8T(XB8`5B>K=H#.(H2^Y4<=PWC/
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M7?F-!\=\(!:$*!EH:2:"^\@A70240&>6`&EQ&!@]:>@>K:-4?K>$7-:,]'1L
M'WE]7T2!Y%(N/LESW@>6-/=,&[.87JF8-:>9-S)7<H>4B_,[^":-E51L&;1Q
MU@8R9W9D'&4G579>+Q1O;<.1#+6(RCEE@D!EUTD\Q+EHZ<>07>:2]L6"@2@-
MA`>.MZF%N0F+.%>9!?>4_DY'C&]2&C%%BI:9E^LD?<ZX6WRE,!VX'Y;HB_N%
M<M+I/>O5=;]48;9#F/$(@SM&),1!GN@YBPM&F_UV.]DEF;H(1YQXF<'HE!%)
M74L76>0WC?")>WP'2%^TG*VU=6A%>Y]S8:<SD>]7FN&D6X'4.2EXF'W9/VLD
MH86(<_<G6AL(DZ0$9-FYG=#'<AAYAU/W5O=9BJ(XERKYI&+)DCGYHM9)B<")
MA%"*HO=5GA^$H[[);^S)I4>JHS^:GBWH<D-:F8BT:2Y:9^#T7@P4<N,'0#D6
MI?TYG'\9@`88GPFJ5Q#RI?A)DLA`>)O(H(7Y>]43)Z88;!8V5]-F)RDG>=>%
M_H)+`Q+",E!+@WSJ.9[%=S+T,W09RE7.]W4V%F6C*1E$&&M>ZE@5)Y59FFH\
M29H,]7_#^)Y$M:*V"H?%R8Y3"52:!W"C)W5A*8N::G1BD0Z>ZHUCIW9?`BO<
M!*F*YT&M-TELN9FUAGK6.%5S@Y-]&IQ1=G[^V7%>&GM".3!/%Z#J)*XQ2C`#
MZ4+T,ZIA6*2ZV93(:J^QVJG8A6^CUJ_/2HL>6*N*&JD7%GEJ!6>_^3KU"6*?
M0CD-"(5SJHIH*I)[*9FFAK$4>#3P93$QPD)MZ9BBY((0&XXCNYY?N35I]*]\
M`;#XEV!;.:BDYGWZV)/`&D'#!FRLHZ)3.D]WX8#+_N`JK#D>XPB$C&A^KI>D
MU`IOZ8JF:?A>9K6LTVHYDR>(_0BJG@<^*^NOA>:R0OJI69BT[>>7=.@K]N9<
M!SJC([JSCB.@;\BNZ@JCA+2P$CN&@7J?R!27WMI#@_890+L+\=)\/A6V.!JV
MH6I:7"LY2/2RS:J"Q'J%&ONMF/BJ9ZM<X;E9G4FTR+FHH^B`PK5B34MRQ]E;
M9/NY<TBF:E:@>(N72@H40T9P]RJS)V:"LVF3FL:RSNJL1-&XA[NF<9JK!\N+
M$\1NIC*=0J.V!6NN*QEXN/<W,KB4]BEG<1:5RBMO?9<H@W>5=6ILEK9PMF.Z
MHBHNB(NRD`NJRMJL3J*X_FH:DV68<RPJ7B.XCDMFM!"1M[#3I3PI4Q'+JBUZ
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M*R\T6:&+F[OJJR_,RLI6&\4B/$`%EJT^2\N)6,4';&NZO+J4'&M/J8\/J"J(
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MBQET[&HQC$N_BXR6O@>I_D2;EO"(I9XHA.A-SN%:UK!K*R.\2`$)Q;5=N?3F
MDU(KIA+W?0IM:D8LT#,KTMMLBUS=W81(4/+GIU08>=JVU'\JO0S>>S<3@7;H
M?/H=UW+*OU(<8A1LVL2'PD:ZR?[(R3DZ<!!1>659BXZIT;JT98\JF@B>X+Y+
MTU[LS<ILVQ)MJ`Y=RY2]W?CHTS#'6SE\PJ"&V#>W5PW\>J&840T-M'QBG9=J
MU1Q\BTZ#(?0M;9]<XPKNXEKF5)FEDY3YD3>,H:BXV[C,M`E3-0\)A@C3=S0L
MM\P(O%=];:ULJ4V]*>A"Q1,7G\8*0(-;$0:)Y^2TP,U9O6S"JEU.Q%MCX`M'
M_M>L)\AQ+JV_;+%WO88VG'CJ:++]I8G!3+%I;'84[%`J"YJ%%WW?1J@@2;YU
M+K8WJKF:"UK&U^6Y.7J<P74'0M(E;>>W+96^^E*:+25C.>OQ*KTO:<Z<I.?]
M3*%GRE6AZIR_?;.3B#@X/+*3:N4_1YX4NMJN1LAJ3>B,WG\D6WIWF$\$J2>8
MX\O92V?"Z)Q&6<`W7EBC*W1\B*2+NN+,-L/YENASN>,F[H<G2MRV.WFT7N4%
M_V44I\7(UNLV)^Y6*Y?9;1_KRH82SAI;EXHAB?%U&=(97Y4-5,@!&91FV]Y5
M7HEXP.^(_%?T%N9.$O`I]J!>W=K0+-!9/(RJ>ANU_@>D3LRE2E0XM?600F[#
M!!B:S%VHT4F&TVO4A%K97-:&L<AIL@O81P4X:?(A=$[CJ;U\*=^FYD;?34J$
M]A*YX?Z[9I?LI7SJ]POD6F[MQ%7DICW2?HI#VJ*K1?V)98[GM_=I_3?`6^H[
M?$3:MLS5--[LQ%?HN4[O6,VZ.ORX`'.0>,)"HV%,AP[OO"F2%CG1LR+,$XXB
M/PW('.ZTI5[1JX3:(?)#<WRR,5F'A(RYW8*Z!#ZP!Z_-X!BM5AZ:^R;[ID[V
M.[]VCVCBZ+ZB@OL[.GN,M!;O/%TM&_V_G+WYK]_"9%YVZ=[JGC_W[YBM@"_X
MU5?8):N0;`:&H3;R[MWJ_GE/\#)Y:&&$LX8XXIP$J.S.2NA\S-D9\Z:?E".N
M^'!OY\M([SO*IN0;5^-*`('Q5",;(633T5,QT)MW_\'0$L6D,S>#5,G30M5X
MF2]:;O&[H?$^K#2L("?S8$AVR<EPF%D`ER;@E`F5P4;7Y[;8K"Y?S2Z%*N5F
MH^"M[2M,O]=.M/K'M+MS:6?WVK\8'P)KK.(*Z7P0$Q'Q>AA!'!^#^%*^SJ`4
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M=I.RV*26H_$\:]4:4*_HX$I5#`UQ93:>W*S<'&GQVT-A$Q$<)VV?QQ:E#4=>
MV%6FWW9_$Q-M3$@VDH:CD[V#;)=PQJ.Q@,>ES:9X_IN!A+'*O20][3;.'YU=
MY_JG6=2<3%$)32\IKTR!K)&]INJ.VVWX-1H'%HK:.^S<2@ZKB)'?D##NO,%J
M>^P]@>38Q3KB\K-IP>7$`TR[.99)\+1_BC'LDN^ZN=!#T:)+)SP1X6FNJK8B
MP0ZBD91K:*C5GJ(1-AD9!/$S!7=,L)\4TB%Q+]PB!*L4Y8#*9C2G-,2/0]T.
M'.<\]!X<+B0?*R0M.>]6LDU'UW@,R$0#S6ONNB$+J@Z/7=ATJ8X/S4G/"&Z\
M_$@WS#:BAJS4\H/LN(%8)#`OS5QKTZ'PI#SS3RHSQ-#/G7C3\DE(K<.0.R(=
M:=.]`.7[4K,EUQ+TN<=(_FU43D<?BO)%NN(<*X\ZI_NO2LY^PE/&H>[:9Y@"
M<[4RILKN4D,N8!4=\5;)`A1"0N$F%`O'[-:1PK.>M+G0I&<];9'*894DL$#@
MU-LMBV'3%)=/"NMCL;Y#M\JVU7.S/(V_:XTTZJ!2@;S34#5)S0A;!'LL,T=J
M?R444R.+K50Z`/7[=;)SA'6S8'>5U2-)=PPD,[0*)RV+.5W-,JNT55F*S5UD
M/G85P-[TG,VN@X^"]B(L1_Z4)X`)%ECA<N,%>%Q%G4W*YX;Q6J7@6J?KST'5
M3EY79U'DQ'C:/W/>%EWHV"JHY`'[(ZGD>6$5*5$M0>0Z:&;,A<IL%*'>:N2.
M_JD^N\85J4-2N$?O`)7MN']L;=&JG$45K:1M;#I:C=AI1F.R(XU[M8D+SR-R
MPRFW,^07*V8U+,#Y73RT(BC]=R%EELO1UH`U17UL9!L?4>AG3ZR2=3/KYH1/
MNNTS/&41,?ZK+\#N'9W<*ZNUW*W+*T_>\LP)*9Y6YX.U,'$!Q;:9"ZRY'.MU
M:@UFMSL-5[;YR5B%MW(NN3D_\A_[X%3>+>E!]ZU7FN\FLM.3PW9?__WY4ZWM
MS%%2OGQ1)GY).IVUD-4COQFP)0XJ$Z,2N+?"I&X[!PQ<68C7/OXE['-"XM4#
MC;4PH.5/1R3<X`E/"*]\-!`<N^,9XC#SE5K]"';B_GGAI<#BNHKP+((0Q`YC
M6O<N?=V0![:[7PK3YJT@1>^'`4R._93',A1.D8J>4I>=%E878G6/,7@;X<[4
M-ZK@$'!G*PR."WNX*>R%KBN+"M&6JE@H0(WB<P.SV@I;8T+PY,Z*<?0C_L"D
M+BW*3H[BZUD,T;6C[Q'RD%&B8)%"J!#NI2QA`=M0A*28JB)2$7YHDYI>@$>W
M<'QQ<C":R1]1F<JR:9)\O8%B&7V(/D-2J$--1%.D'-84EUF-C+63V.:NE<NI
ML*^4R0.B)V<6'5TB35K,TAM:Z+$Q54Z3FBC<",,>*1M.,0N&/*0#<L`I,^L)
M1H`,K!H4#;@3EV@0E,6D_MQSX/(MBA"R>7DD%/*Z%@4]KK*:_>3DK8H4(S/5
M8T)HM&$,*0D\T^2P>K,)UU,F@\N'#HU)-<KG$?=W,?)X2YF.K!>XEI:],Y((
MCE7<IS]1VK(N>D8J/A3A)0,G/5G6T''A!*&3?M@Y/T6LE=VAW6"PJ+6,GI)Z
M="P1WL9G3P;6=*##W.!)4QK5SF"0.;Y,FCX&R42$'LM6HFBA2"EEQ'V=K3I<
M5%*EL/71W`P.JJPZJT]X]4D(V?1ZC+NJ2[G*4R0B[7T.A:94J9FU4VTJB9RR
M7P_U>IGUA-*B.4-LQ:[95!IN"8&T\^GQ^,>V.KK-DUPU)R*QVM2=7JJM5X%/
M_B:#FE:G:0NP34/MW&2XT-0]4'7BC,D:AY/+B)HOB^2L)4)<*<>7XC"X_<0C
M,GT'4F@IDJPU;%!LSQ?%N['V<.LS(V%W6=K6>NVNC_VI+?G61(CR8["BK6#-
M<!<[P@&UG?1CGF/V@\^GDC%C&2L5S!PW*^OJUZ]?,^8;1RFR:)BM;D+UWG9U
M![3LBC=XMU4:5=BSR$2E\90Z32@8#7G=_JJVJIN<$>!4J9UXDD<T8:VD"]46
M7GOMIY86=9]<C\&T"CMUQL%-WVL1;!4-7X981^MIU?H%$/[:M++FM1[./+SB
MQ9)S;'=UU47UA\<.EL<I1T9K-E/LXPA3$J-#'>6:_AZ\QVS$A["_W66.LP4J
M>O;IPUR$7KZ:U3@FBY!IZ>6@D3>!3B%"B;Y/CD^4!?1!STEVC(-<2ILMB1^1
MRC?-3PR98#.S)X#^C:AH=NV1#KU.!C\,40YLXVQGB-3B(6>8]=1:.@=\:E@.
M"H`F;8^@DXNB>V:OHNI=3ZD;.F-`[Y=DF#79?<[B0$MSY';3Y98BT3O2/BO;
MQ^U+]C>OQM"YGEFQA4W6HE-;.1'+KZ.F6K7/PKG4*[($S.Y4B9#<&6/_WB=0
M;JIT9ADMW3+;$+*T_NG4:,G""J:EWBR#7)4-_=Y]4UM[X/;FS]@CXW@#<L0<
M190N80H1\"WE;;U>I0DG_C)9A>N8C]-<Z_B"?>YR8:^V93W$,S,,S&4U&]LZ
M6+ECR-1+QNJV?B7-VA3Y\$&BJ3G2L90H=(J9$NYV>7.+`RR8M3LOV(JN%MA^
MDQM?:IKM?:;?&%8?M,F-;+&9_%PMKC?Q+*A4_M[INTDG=F<[5,#H^MKK6D^?
MTA=N/.YN]G]^YKC9A^KG2587@W2"^9S-EVJ.27)&AJ4ZP5M58)J#4<VS+?36
MQ^OM%D]ZW10[4\Q9RDX#JTV'<$V\Q..^&:%[3>VDA/NP^\H=>FG3[IAS(^&/
M"^?-U_G!HD0K^9C=Y"XBCM=@(EJ8Q"EY7%>3(NL;25$R;ON0R]WB?_YKQLF.
M_O>6H7+<T0KIAJ<J\]M?OWG*13?)_;=FQ/>RFS`E\LCS?6R4<[KY?F3C-?;"
MZ+T-.D]P@M=>^3(JO._SI-+'=(M8+[PD9W8,8HBX+Y;`JNSZJZJTC`'%:^_X
MJ@`/QLG>[G5&9Z?\2?^:KOV(8-MJPK9>I8^.CVIB!L>>9_E.KX2@;(^,!W=R
M1\L"K\>@"Y8.JWO(SHFZ9*LFCY=^#I+NI;RXZ7P"T-S^RP&Q9.AN053H3V5^
M3]WZKN/^JCWJ*D\23'*L4`1-D,YL1/584)L>2>J:<*$TC86J9^\8)0SY3-3&
MJ]68*=^`SZ&Z;^,\3OBHD/F@K^&^ST7\KO(&1T]P_J+6IHSH1.[D.J+1GK`+
M_<[E0M`'O5#\^.7PQNKOD&S1;,]0*&Z9FJZ9;&*(PG#^`JCZX@C4Y*40"R57
M+"0E0,P$5ROT@@GM-I`4<X`*&0:)B.ZYG(T/)8VF\JJY3([I[*P1>:L`QRX2
M(82IVNP1\6O)*,V+6,__^*GMU.G<EG`:R_!RG+%_YLCH?N/L(*:X:A&0NDS8
M^"[7M(48[^P3*;&L%N_-$LC\8D04^>T4<$@`MPJ&ID`=U]#>$(S`GK'$\C#G
M7(P57RSA@DSS7"^#:DS`#'(%I7$4(4^`5N_/WHL,O<L!HZO=T)$"&2^@E"_.
M4JX$5:ZV+"@>ZS"5-FX'_I]'[>8GN6A,((N0+]*/"!]-S+[L&[]DK33I[22P
M)=WLRA[2!;4O]CH,@,8JX`+JA322=!:L[F(NR;I*?&I0&(T+\$K+#^Z0O#J%
MRRZM#S40N\IQG2:/G<01"@O1-N9Q(CN(S!#/H]Q,G03NS4@2(@]-UHX0%0ER
M-X+(VBS%#2.1(5TM)QVR(35P)`4,T,XA$(WCH-XH%Y'N%DM2)HDIO@+I1L[I
M!<$K`<<P\HB+'2./Q<(,IXSEP&00[(8+[9A2"+WO_%2LRMSOU0*A=Y*)A'+N
M-,ULX+BIVJ;*+&%2/7"R#SULX>3P"K]C(2]P*2-G(@D.'KD,!H.,_%Z.Z>82
M_@'S\8X\B-M6DKUTZ"G;P-"L*9`*:!.YTU=,DRIIQ"*)JMCZJ"OU`]@@;9,T
MR""O<?,8DS*%#P!_<"/E!>E$I^L2KR_7!0BSJOM^21%_J73:0>PJD1/;3A<%
M)13M:V:THE?.,R;?X_>BCQGZ`FU(C\;$R#FRC?E,RV2(<P!Q<=;*8/26QZ_L
MLJ"^*?Q"#>@^\N!L\)+";1EGKL2N4[DZ[S"F)))@T:W(X$$YZ^%H#C&%"Z`\
M;<)\J^?N[A\_JCRI:Q!+%#+5LD3?4J8(L>1@DC\+%+MJ,Y]\=!?%4SL7U/'B
M$+DD=)X^JQ,-L*5P;B8^D,K^9]^P;`G/\-\NK]MX_M+I3BO:@%+2;NY'\V?_
M<+$="3-00XKV[`I)M0?W[&^6`O'O&,G4>*F0Z.Y`BVW*5+)1IA/VL+&MH$:>
M=&[,A.VXWC,@-4V"'@\+7;'X'N>=?@TEN7$$[PP4:V]158@B_^^\'O`2C7!U
M[,T"'77-U$A^>L=C0B4[OO""MLD/I[0;C=4?62TAU;,O-]-7EN40.<Y)"^M:
M835657!R=DRA?!,C@>Q*.Q7BON(H:U`+]='$V)61@I3$9K$5-56M$M(IWTIS
M2B@V(U45@[5HR+(%26<(M?7B!L]?@K$U;55*%Q,6"'`%R^V[UK/B&&K9X-#=
M4@19KZY\L`PU[>5!UZ98_A9HIFHRP$1T.$E68`^SD:#4*4?*^$!,!"7EIG)0
M3/$OZ6864.M3-UM1#*$K2<FP2VGK!HO,(H'2$H.1N#!5T5)62$U-*#,Q/IT5
M<CY5]C:U9E3*/<_P8,$Q`=$3.JGT[+!I*\>QZBBU82]35M@,-Z&.JOIS`X>2
M$"O3!J7VQ.9U1$]49M:Q6!'N39DU.,/,54M592LTTT3.2]Y/\.#RGZ022*^H
MU6C+&]FJ<3]/F":T8W4O$_GN)"-FX&8GLB[(70611".4]\"K*6E5/KT,1^_P
M830G4^B1`Z/T+_GT6Q_7<(\4('?O3<9L0!%RM`ILO:H1=55-,`CPPLZU0"&/
M_N7")W8?Q$@ATE6GCVK!YA\[]#/!-5_=S7J=]4=O<D.M%DBA-';8;U=&<:68
MMZ'4UV[]2S\7J1VYL$S#[G@9:R`#[1T9%0\Q:F)037"Q=:-$U2+\,4=5-VR<
M\/-N%_54L$[*S?]"576>*Q9?<TYV4/6T<GB+,K>,L=T:L#/;]RV=BZ2*=V?Y
M*1MQQ=B*-ON";MW\=U7J"#8=SCK7CD1!=/FHUGLST"^WMO%JU6LEX7<43V[A
MELE&>-*TB$O]0'BC[B'KD4Z#EUS,+E/-HXTXCTG!U#^.5+YR$!OT#P_K[@;[
MZ@GOSR49V(R?=7/[4>QTIM?&9&ZW1B'R*C3E`7/;_E!7T:^#/15YJT"G4!56
MKW*.5UB#0PZ-FBDKX`]J"UB>I#!\`NSK?NV,)9D;2_/KIH0/7Y.`G?A#",P,
M+\O@-#-C\56)M3AH:315_\]L0V6__E6H`+A-:^V*E5`)W2:3:Z*^?@<V$ZO2
M?C=$QW:2<VQ9]=*!*YA4Y[,:)^MLE33\=&TSP2\?E]>2EMA4T[4*52Y^B!>*
MHQA.,92&!]@4"5A4Z$AJ3/$[.959`PN84VIBZ>67]Q>VN!0A*VHZ2:W:KN^'
M-==:\!-IE52,M:V1U3!XV)<%@Y1P6[4Z9_A>8>PB?"/3(!D`(#JB)7JB(5J'
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M_J]GZK1WVY>$6'`[R2I_CE>3BFR$;);K:Y&E&J6WVHB:^[O!.[S%FPL)&SU7
ME*)3&Z?*.Z?'*+3]9J_W$J;C4@`7;T=Y&[U)*E`UV[3C]#&+6[/56@?/VG/H
MP[43^F41F+FI&K]-6[P=_,$AO+:YFXKOJ>H$&:SMAM)DI4CW&ZC:M:X'L[XC
M.[1S.RV]\L:>)BLW6Z9N=$?GU.'`658SVH$=F\0C_,9Q/,=#6G8;'+,[S.TV
M>R<OL)Y'?,7;>FJ\Z^KN-W=+/*T34VU1>[8;&F5__,CS&Z/'-Q^@6JF_\V91
M$,MK?,9U?,S)/,=#+;)O&O>.F`U/.SL;'+Z3&[B5_IL9K?Q4%%R?ZC.\^1&D
M97B0Q3Q[.1',JUBH`UN<%URT[T^_RWS1&3W,Q5S0V[RGV-O(C5S#W#NF9LVS
M?DS3F<J*2V_WQ%&'F9G/!]RH>B][!?32,UO%EGIOZR_2'7V_&WW6:3W"0U==
MX^+8]"W*>2IJ@YR:*[!B?[''PV6RX=L,-[S6_SR64['2_7JP95W0%:.UPQE<
M`G-B%;>CH5S9N;W;M7W27\+3T=S9D[0WA]TNTWK<W?*4Z=Q:^9O<X:O#;9S4
M%UN10;W.05QNF'S2"4:)"!R+[URK;]O;"=[659.3`5Q5X%SC^!NQTITO$:88
MSV\2(;`@:_J8_'N\V]C*_FV69:,=OX&]@)V4B;!]WG<<P!]]?`M^Y1O=W87)
M8LU5S2$9V2?0PN#<B#E5:(&EXN^4X\M8S^71I;+V\>+OOW4UK_M;3SF:G27<
MY%G^Z0G^`,W1TH%N@[-3:+-*WCMQYE'=LR<NR(^>W+_9G16[?6M6_4[:Z-<;
M'S=KY'W;J:K2Z:%^[KU=ZC%1WN5;P\>]G&Y^X2F=BJ]KFGV>TED]="W,P,F>
MJ]57REP1ZW[59^VHJ7G7GUF:NU<=TND^\VG=BB5;O7'+$L]2YOL:;@2_N7K=
M%U.XW'$0[[_/EC=1Q_V-U^DGPP5)]%:?0@&Z7K.=Z;^\R.4^\34_^+^];TH'
M_F0-#^5'T]@;U:J>5.*ED/8EF/!W[,CCJCG'G"C?'=.%+O0M/^*E/*_]F5$I
M[Z-!5?C-_[NE%O0W=O3W\A+;$K6/Z>_3_7`5WHL@=?[Q'9=5^^&OGW`&G\<(
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M(4%RI,E@5JA(N'D*%S(T1`D<0$EI1)WBQNY;N%+;,,7+Q?&<OG<@]8W[4\;/
MAU3C).;3U#"@-C9@DJ'[5[$D'W\Q=Z0P2._!P)="AQ)%9@J8*I=$<*VKR30I
MR961-+(B4R+=S(M>5G8;!<P54BE!ZX'ZA:_H#)\$C=I<=]'?0YCF?*I]U/'N
M3K1Z][KAQS$B-D]^;1X=Y#5;5L-XVL:S6%4J64CMR'S]:@HGT&$3^9JK03?D
M,2I8S,+M9*]O9T&J'SVU_I6Z)>?81$6*!:U-<DN`3<65EG6D-U:H*JE.]3'0
M'>5^(,F.Y`V+I>Q[=MOJ+DX:IT'FR]B2DJFXS1N/T<<W2U>8*WJ+^\)[*];U
MIDKX@B^A&2XN*NC)PY1'#GU?("Q8D$>+3J-A)%YM!2;T$W>*"/C:6K`-.&%Y
MUC6GQ'O"D00/?5MI1-A!'"+8RDW+<?(;1929EE(G$W78XH'S6<8<A=.M4=-@
MC\WW5EYR$7.0:8M)&"%%OF5&9(U).A+?8]?\LYM6^9%8F%.-K2=?=1]&Y&2'
M^LU8&GOMX:-@4$I.)R4DSFT$W%DT'7D;D#WR)">$8\IE)IZ>H7=E)H<)YF)&
M_M_YR66@]CEVHHA58GC@&&:485]94,74:&UUXCD+E,4%%A";BT9X(Y`T,A++
M64;VE">J#.*FI5MBU;=HFKS0=@QB&UF8C3PM$K?KE)6MJ"*4&;[:RZP;7I:J
MG`)6ZE(<7:XY*70[N95/73"T``Z=R&IKUZH8X=9>K&KZQXM[W7U['&2()8@H
ME7?1!NRC.5YIEI4Z2;HM,M,.4F)!.VX*("XCJE9MFWT.B1J^"1,4UVXZ=ENO
MIK=6:N"FP@;J(:#H1OJ627V4B..U=NX8RX\S647P;.4"!NF/^]A*:K;2!-S0
MJQ1;^A+*"L_9+3R%%AEN=Z8.6UT3AZJW944U8Z9T_D[).7T2T5:B:6Q8%NJ+
MKZBKB=?OE%(9T]IV1;4\],$ZFQWTG[8=%[6"_)83G)C7\3@8*IX>IMTV7C9'
M--*1?F&>2/"UG.K@0O;\9F*&SAFS7B&KN-F2!K^8\]D`/ZMIHG!*[!S@N"[6
M9-Q!NPKCY%;G'6]*I((*M-'!T$TNW%B7.E?1_;(GHM!<<W8W=#/7,CC9GE;N
M798?2=U;$[Z!_='?A/&=;IR&A^IR3E"/,.W#TT><N9B<?ZSS@];>F9NW/U>H
M=337Q7?F4D$R5CW,PW_>J[S!!;_T]QT5#_%V@2,?+/^>DSH654U6YCJ5Y+"T
M&=9Q:G:H\AVUI(2D>AS-_D$WB]S7HG0U\?EO3U6"H/P."+K$X`IO?!*>4PR(
MN;0Q"6UJHA>)O*0X$+K):^GYEV*(P[@!A2DU6>.@D&SHC!ZFCT_84M6?BM7"
M$+JF>!W<7Q1:L[D(EL^`+0Q>Z71XGH[]BH!56PVV<!2B5D3-1-C;88WJ4L$W
MO6\L-_CA!8>(,8204"T!8QKOU,9$HSQQCG^!50;OP[OV^>QY$M%AN/JF++OM
MIV,O"N3LU@@F6F70641,TO66,<`!>F&3=$02&(.X"!!"@UX?VAKZ-.27+F5J
MCU74G@G])HOW3*Q<@K2D4O07PP!NC(P!^M7&^@.J7I*KDK8J$J/^HZW4T<&3
M_EYT)D+T!$/PU()FN7)A'!M!.5=>+E-O.V"N8#<2]8#(>8P4V#?71:D5!>ED
M)D*E$WWT+!JI,VW+?-0M6,0"?>JN=VSTSK[$YK8>%0Z#>>3FXF3ID?T9R6*Y
ME-Y3K"B/K'RR;J3S62#!U`[YF&I@M&+HUYS4T=A)RX$\9"90HIG)?GZJ5MM4
MDCUHB%!,(M.;['I0V%XF.C$P+($415Q"#-G3RCB*F>ZTV!$39[S^70Y<LESB
MI<`B@HJ>Q*.@%-BHQ(>S@@V3E#,=3[$`J;G,B$9XS'+7-]8UTJ0HT654^8.O
M5*I0&#HJ=+6CX"J3!2"SHC$Z4E4!2CM)53U)KZ\-_CJL7TWZ59HB,)G*6V'M
MG"K"?>&QC5,<UB'15I6X)D>G5--0V,9F+D4Q;5Z]A*FNHHF*:SE3JV43Y2A1
M^\_7+E:@$169/P7IPD3:R92765Z<[A=%!:)D,D<=YVE=$[$=;+1,,;K7-:.*
MDI1:H[5PY(EH:ZL,Q6JWB$OU3S@-EMGY3;%\D,TM]_A5PC7QQU[`;==WDH<'
MRTA6N:]\:>.@H-JKL!81:D1L=Q&6W0`+Y79B[1S;CO58=6A,BFUM[&?A-]UG
MMA.0N"MI1AW"SE;13Y[<)0\T^ZN%_>JUL6DB<#5/1<?X,99"2J5=0\\C7TDM
M<I>/#(]NE&K3)^@-7N5`_B#>BGG))GK,N>-3<71A"DW`[I>?!`(PBIN(%U3N
M[E+)0U=8SWG,TF%&F845%V9QAYQG%G6+#PV9S#Z<YE>@$)*=&::9FDQB)W?2
MFE'>V9'6%^<]>VZA2&Y,:*,54&*:;I=SC6P,R\S%1?8QBX!:4%HV/&,#,_5$
M<6:*G$6<RO_>>;L^;BIL^8)?.6;XCP73Y<Q`M[T8F[=DE&SK+Y[6#YP^]GK4
MB]8W[_'I0?N0MDJF;C,U3>I1N_)Y]1S?D!5"[//5.+*/U.TI#7P\4Y_8=96.
MKT8U4T!<SK"LD-*PGL4+K67+C]SD+G8EVMMG@-EZQIV&R7N->.7OT=*<$%LN
M_H\4E;?.SLBMW90@RQQ"X3+F&9+G?C?"=>V)<"^,U^]V-;6]K#(@"RJXK2:K
MZ7+*P%D34-O0+J2UZWE*:MHZ?`4_[,'MO)"4HQ@Y%2888!I'TV)*S5_Q[/(9
MQTHH5@O7C!WH>"T-4Y^`R\VK:>EWM;MZY(0SW<Z*UA%J6!Y"-->1HY3%MLAB
M56]Z]A;D.S6NQQG]QU6PJ>@D_W0!/<PUJ3<=X?SVMF';#FXJ0F1^XD3PN-Y9
MV&K;DM#5:V>G',UM,FUW"/SN,RF3+??%`W2>@F:\-L%YQ^0F<-R!23`)%^3;
MP+'7>D@W]0I)8[^X&Q-8/D;[K:\*^=7S,>Q68;VR_B'\8J8BK8]K[>!I:>WG
MW&F[N?*:VPRQ`\Y(?Z['96\\[),/;^&37OE1/_.?U\+UL>=/A6U&]637R?%'
M:ZG#.N4RM^;9XXI3V?GF+_TQS_^,,%$,$$3/'W@':DLI=CV)`5ITWFOO>/J6
MW.'/I[VD?1Y_0,O%J!_C39*1&6!LE1:RO<;*$->%F!!#"1YV@-U0,<9/L</H
MQ=R@55!SN=P5$98",ITDJ=D(`A0`YA7W89-8T1M>G,;RY1LP`9V"A9?PM0[E
ML06'D<*N(>#^\=4)WIG2!2%#X-B4>=3T34^TI1):B5)_Y%#O[<>_]*"]M<T3
M*I8PC1=<-,KIN-?2$6'+_CD6&)82]*7?$S:8UZD:&]5=9LW*K$%-5"`%;J6(
M4ZG5X]F8<<A@C06?#Q84[+'=&)I?D'64!T5<C*0:'C90ZP%:(PG@QX5$.MF<
M\=@.\-G?!JK/WBR8E2FA8Z$,(&YB(*:,Q4'@Y$E??045)=X7M('%")U7KDT<
M]NV@E+7.\5E.'QK>_GUB^)D@)1(<PC1?*+J8I<E1!F8>*G)4SMF&"_J7#H[,
M#+K/`QZ.%IH6:?5B]FD%R(C?#R+2%X+5UPG0-,Z6.`;CV?3<6/F:]NP4I%D6
MU_50=OB4'L*AZ4U-$+$A$Y94T*5BJ1BC$,6C#[K/$7H7^="<*0ZBOZV=(K9>
M_NP8'3EJV"@&TS:*(8?]U+41H.4=D9]=US>:WL\%("?BCY2)UXWAF9@IE-7Y
MGAMFW.7QHG2DF")*&]PP)%!A816R2T.2FDWRW,7IEM51&0!.9%X`#^VL$<=,
MF$=.(03.(4&QU1VR(/HURS`ZXP\68E,67E7&%D_BEQ_.XOM0TDUFE42:V7IU
MXE"^)'25W[Q!'.)1(_P\3AEM7@.ZXQI:T`;-)3ZJ`NHQ)7X,6S<"HU79(!`1
M#]`YDAG`U55^Y5RZDTOYFR-BF%>.I=(XCDFA6<5AT2])55YB&2KZH5JVF<F1
M%66VX,EAW0UNSK=$'J)M%68M(D\1'RZB7?O0%PXA_B825J;CU0HN9HRX*1,`
MK1FAJ5`6JIMPZN9N@1Z3#=;*0<Z0)*#..:-:B1;;<=X\,,-G0!C=2>';S2!A
MIA]M8F,!@B#&T`WOB>3P94MH6A70G%,';-A&2:48D4R%R1><Q5U%]F6=1&9>
M?1`A6I"EZ>)2-B,,4F=K<E8`/IW'^:4!UM+QW:(LFF3T;.0">4\#\4ULXI_N
MU1_\$5G'C6/A-8Q>>2(2*HY\[N?<:='Y*)>`"A&#YN(S+DMW5LQ6?%]I<J'?
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MJG&@GTH3<3'HZ:EIKT&98U9:SX"I@[$GX&'I0.$><[*8D6*K:`K$-A59^9$J
M6"[H#9E9ANS>F:RK93IELS:<1"'@=K8-C$5/3%$E6K7J"!U>8RHH:.VH9T6J
M_HSU'YXJ'%WAFTQ:(T3ZHR2.GAC^3G&B9_7-JXU(XHR&W9:]FF8ID-+U7%*-
MU'I**3K5YG\PH#>.J+=PIK]$FKTD+/+!HJ-)WH_>IL2AA7^&FO+QJ0"-G\D^
M#F`^E]8L*R$NK.@UDHP>+(V-5ZGM+/7<%G+69K`6ZUX%&FI>ZX+)H7YRZHTH
MIE6:I>*M7S:1X#4&+3@Z4L=*;*WEH,6VG_F\86>%3IB5YZ`0JD\.!2)>!4LR
M:YJ=4)Z&;:T68[J`J021*YJBXR96K=P9;9,@G85"3BG6U+2>&!H>V,]:CPKJ
M:=2:#TM-+C4E%'K![*92;%S$H)*JDK?636S"H]!._L'<RJSLC""@HBWJ&>V$
M.FTLH2CO=A[AE=;R9"G%%23]B6"3(FA@NF2V)J1#AE=)_EL`@>N%8>RV]*'/
M?DG,&N']W*-=FET%MJBN\LJMQ>DN(M:Y,2?%&E:[`EBY0J'JYEL><6Y([:KL
M4J^HR8@V#N?)N%P'>ABGC2?5=I%'NE%"3NX9IB-"%JTF^FWYJAR:EDG#3A!N
MOA-2T<_(S2_C*J[]%A%LSJ.]-DT<W@OES*=O29C<)FD97IPXE2U_#FHU0>W?
M7C`+_^)OF>FW'<I#.ND&5V_:=J&:QA7'UMTNY"R)&B)[R="\*:7#Y*N?</"Q
MJJ9`&2DC4>0RDF))8$I4_NZPE=''[0JP^N`?QMF1:UX,V5'IYI)7*VGF7L;>
M&ALLIDJQQ6;L9'TCIZ*P2$UJ!&MQ8GVP[YGP&2OG;,(@^OQ8JA8FQW;/ZMP)
MZ*(O6)XB%",OI2*K"+9CZ"FCJ.JQ$`9QM&)FY-+H:&;=;&T6D'V)MN:=B?$8
MR@+O\38O1<EA<LXP*&I,NS0:?!D3)A<;JK;G]?;QR$GG<UUA(O:PK)E3*5[8
M]&FOFS6R5&[5U,4?K]"R^-KR+<^46\JC'P.L[RXE%F/MN!2SYA8F#4Z;)N[G
ML!+?ISHKK7UF*,*9-PO5QTYSI_DJ>*HMH&[J:0S8^&;E@/IPN[YBMKJ)JD(R
M_GF!9@:?8$6*7/3",#Q[8Q<#L99>,[$^7O;\)OZ2F34;*_9EM+$6-,D!)$,J
MM/W.YT*CVSQOJ^U>\ZSNU77N'@!U\&VZL[1-5$BJGNA&B6^.M(`MINJ!-$ZG
MZP`WM/5J1IBN])_5WC#SGY9=&V4^6U%SKW0LL;-B91%;Z3V?ZQOW]/W2<Q!O
MXZ)-K_QE'M9V]:*&\$>AL0.6V&&"ZI$FK@8;KR23HR`#<#/N(\JM,E:?;13^
M+NL^!XPDLP['*#_+[:\^%1W^+;/`ITJ3[IZ2'D<G)EZ33Q!6]0&#VI)"\%O?
M-6%6:4E[\%X[$+[6+2H7%;P\L1':]%U)<V/;*/GV_D7*22`@WTR7KEX&WDK?
MN7`D"30F#\=1F_2_2B&QIBB;4I^4NJB#KBJO9=E!QDRHIC5-"^LH[NU+\32(
M&3;YE36/LL352#<8YL$F_W`V=PK&K605*RTGR:+6ONHVK]5Z>:BQ9;$NU&6F
M7K`Z=R9N#P_AKF_SI?9=$]GI;+5AGC#R'"9,9M\'0@]XZ<NE&JY=F=4*FR;Q
M-"])6N35#:1=5\Y2,[@^R^]^$Z,)WRX?Y^5F_O%><W*$F5=`67:7IK%7:J;P
MOFQ+UC==8I=]:7>5S61PL]1Y739FHV3P#7`(<W,+KO`7&[(K'XY#/>#'5A;*
MVF)^"O6#6]-\>_99TWB-_BOPUAZX7]O7AK]17I]JAZ>6/9V:YPX7.,?G.,<V
M\Q9DJ%':*1.VFN=Q>%,Y@UBYV4YK-LD4C.^WAWMW@<_C8KN9,6O@HO8;'0NU
M_!+<'8OYQ(&?]Y*N=C/CX@2HCA/.(#?@BN-96V\Y5YXTY+J>=\ZVT]J=&<LF
MG5Y2ULS>=TEY$W/GD;KLID.J6_?N*R]6\=+)J7\R+&NZHV>N.J$D2)958NMI
M=].@+&/Y$L<K%-THI+<I&>N1-:ZVX,ZZ;>$MA-OUD,&1`>LZN'$Z/YOT'SO7
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MNDQ\X)*1N"O/^8MGO;077$]Q%YJ+<9R/?>0XS.\.(!].`S(/>Y_RW=&CL"[E
M<'%M4MRT%Q5JGF?\G-5WOM.[9D$1?HV_(S%S8C5'_N*Q?.;I&CXS,U`Y-<^A
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M])&T-4PDK3.T2B1L&#`@R(Q:KA55.8.@/I0E1U8CES(.D'U!>1F#R;)G.%_%
M)HZJ@/*<.ERYRF9%FU8M36'`CL9$:H4HN;%"YW:ZJO&GQ64,!Q(58^SMV8PR
M_D]6P^=4F@N>F.P6Y7J4JBNLV:`UK$KWEL.HGE0FMI;3Y%K2I3D:%EK3&P.E
M)D-6Q<M3H[T>@#U^E")8IVF=)9,^G`;V:\5VSH3,-/WVGK_(23_)E*@NFANQ
MGGE?QTZFV4U3_(Q#4G[/-;_)!GN1#V;535L]XO.&[^?2<&?@3:EI#BY;*[)(
M?N'"@@^GC@R)ZB-!(O*JE-`0/"D[!Q_D@KO<T@.OC$I<*P@)K(`BJ+^VN,GK
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M-E]]PX5Q)@ZWRM-&>`7U;\UN82N//W>^&=>)7-')-<%E]TQ+V!.[:3*?J;CE
M44"O?!5XI7U')AF>-<T#_E$U0`@-:M4257TQ4!35C3"ZPWH$F>"X3!:HW6]K
M/<7$?FXU5$3+:"XYZ5(-_@]F/VJCCB]CBQWH:"LS]*7:EBS.X2NF'%9P8HIY
MEE$[:[%^^>)7+<M,&Z.Y5CKN2@?FLVRZC61/8<>:RSD*:66>&?`:O69P,?PH
MK#@;N)^4[,:4B2S;'X`%S/!QN2_?-U@H3X6:Q*Z6H[8W#PEI^5<A%UN2K'2M
M0SQQ8;C^6))#G[QZRQ>56QQSW;&#KZ\B?:>RS$<H+5H_EN>-LD+3[13S0#<G
M%9GI=<W.<V@C_Z9-1K['8'=W[TFC%3;K14\42IIM\TG<W]U;WV^.Y[;!K!RE
M_LLM=^Y'O_^FY/VEG=\-T[[;]P1HJM<QB3/S`0KI,$(Z>M$.1-1:F?D@.#;X
MM:9!SL,06)!V.>_XCFK7"-_:6&&_`98P1AN+SY\T)BO(82-T(A3>;=A7&6FQ
M0V"D:HJ/\`.5]:#F=,":G#;P%:MXD`E])D2B?!H3M6<`#%X?Q%_RTG:[*4&-
M>+6KG.R6!S[HH4LS#G&<`#?UP'<)#D"_Z-X6D[C&53P1:Z3H6[;21RBZ/4XW
MNZE>U1HX1L^-2B)>/,QX0L;&8<U0C4K<("$5::GA<8M_V]N-]")XK/,$+VH$
M*YZ4$MDPM0@'CCE<71A)."17G8@0H[3)(E5)O03>_BN,4TN?VY:X-ELU4G24
M!(FVS.C'!=''DZ`ACGI6F:9A%M.8F<BC_MBSK1LM4'(%.Y)N)JFGUIV&D;/S
M)2`A>4SQ5?.8WTPB%$]EOBQ&DX5(>DTSW2C%TO&/@A`"$GT"R2)W6@Z<\;IG
M/K]7-/VY$U.F!%T0Y;BW#KE,0K5#)8J4THE'7?)?^H1H1,$903\Y:5O8.ED,
M\P88OMVP2VC$(P[1E2P$M>EZ6I-H2E6Z1O>U$X\*/!ZLY&A+2[Z1-<@49K[H
ME#U[?F>E/P6J&&'9SUO^$VTTG2G[DEI.Y*TS<QK<21K_D]"@5M6J:/D9`HU:
MMW/RJ7R,:FD]M2A#JC;J_I!IDNI5U;I6WC%)0@;[*"TUF3>C(72.QL);'^=V
MF;+NC*U_!6PG%?>Y)I)S'HH:GW<&2UBDT;%_*>UK8"4[V1G%;&(-U,LY!Y8P
MQ!:P<S%M:2RY2EG2EM:TX2+J(Y4:(.!EKYF:Y"B@^+C-T];6MJ<5)]O,8KM6
M/9.Q>.V<'F%9M9VE];;'1>Y*PQHPRG&.DPR+Y00W9U%O56\^R<5N=M7:2A52
M#J?6S:Q8R[=`9BI,2P0]JW;5NUZY[;&B%=UM#>/RPL4R\[K,E=K+;A@S]O;7
MOT+]''4/FAJ,6JV*ZAKO'?]40.7E-[+_A7"$UP*=@]GTO@D#:5<K&9N!MD^8
M_IO]D.>,*V$2EQB>^+4A29/Q/[7E5ZF]%2Z1SI*Q3(S8Q#?&L5EG5SI1VM2P
MZC.OY<"ZI`Y[$V\I[E:.E;QD1.K7E?#%)D/(6%?.!EA*/PL:3=:YEP`RV<M?
M/N-R':M:EKT6IPS#<I&#RS@M^M.\,`1SG.5,S-FNSX"A3>PRJ>A$-;TV913U
MZ3@C-V="%]J9<67N03_:.$M*E\%E)".+^4Q#1QK:TI<^<`==>&<_Q^:S(M9L
M5(],X`.GL(?CPW2JE^PRII+/@&?J;(7QJCRJ]?%IMZ$*9F>39E7WFL2QDF\6
M%4NON^TWH#+%,IZON.59<UFT>O5UM-7;RD2[4I9#_IS<0Z'XJEN'MJ<P`X^C
M66UC:9>;LE@*MCI7R]AE%]2<LHUQ+9$G7/K2&'$/-G>^5<E`#U?[U!E`6;/5
MK>>+'O79((;O7*478F,Z3]\/[X)3$^Q2ZG9ZO_76$UQUMCV#^L7;+93E/14+
M<9+7.,/V[9BBS?QQ74H:2Z'6<UVGFUG^7DO8;`13,$L.\5J+]]I,]+$X"^[J
MF#KMV6SNL>0&U>=!LQ1D0MMYM)E]RK&V?--\+>>H,UX(3UEXJ#5%>7G+K/1)
MAU.;_(WZI8==:K]MI]5(;F37#U1Q:5K;J5%,YYK16YRE;Q)S.QIYVJ6-\@T[
M&\I'C?)C&`[<GG7TU&VN_N2:&8]A62,QE%`7?*$/'WFO^WS1#-ZQE1/URTFI
MQXT)]R!=(<-AW7KO80OY=N9OK/<H1;K'<I>B^YI#U*-]/H-E-'W<>\:Q&0.-
MG9:_X,]E+^>OPEB(5^<CD35T874Z=IZ2XM5H=.G;MF%+RDOE\SX]"?OT+C^Y
MW9VDXT_N4-R<(,J'4O#T+]B:6[PWR6)57\#1"=O"[&XX;N\R\XLPRJ,F_&N^
M:ILFQWLKF,LF72&<%=HSM-D[+"*_&(.\OW,XV,,\`3R_JS,Z#&LB,@,@3M.T
MS<$L'5&62)F5K^L\X],_IANNO&NO^ANYV.-`Y**VF?(Y<#L\'Z(ZH$L]WW!`
M_C'1LO?A,>*;I0R;M9#:I<2!&T'SKAO$K1%LM5<20=X3,-S0F.*CGP6D/PM:
MP=^K.`TS)YO;B&^QMW<Z(S3YFBK#-RE4I+:Q0&"[/Z;K.I>:%^T3,`H#I>=X
M$\0K*E9+E:O1M0V<.#5<0Y0*#%+S(3B4+$130O8KP3J[+DW+%$"S1&#ZHB',
MQ%'#'@(LP0:CLO[CK<#)'4%K1$<$K.:CO$.\PIO;OBR<D^<CO[`IJ5WYO1U+
M-W*B-#LSL*S#L\!I.G#ACX]Y0U7<)PEDO$9#,=`)'?LC05AK/^?8H=_P-^D:
MLP93E+';NG<#L0%J*'XJ/V1<)83#)'4#0??`ID?2_L7?P4+H$94O'"DZC+EU
MDY<D_,8->ZGI>0>-LS)R!*K8"JBA:T;V>SXK!$*Z@SXP(3TPM"4ZM")\$L2B
M6SRF.48O0*5J++B+!$B2^<$W:T'=*\-K?+5,%$EB&#\PNCP)JD.]ZD00BB*-
MRC:_RQPP4DB.[,BEB3=TE#7[4T!)Y#1:?#7,\!HP)`S#,L>L41M(7+"7(S?7
M"Y1TS,E\HCYER"B+^C2/<C*K4SGUNRF'B92ZN!*OFZ(##,H@^S"Z(@R<[*05
M1+6I_*;B&3<4VKWM&SI,'$%*/(<[>!0BS*V@^S[)"S0C$Y<C\BNXS$EGHSG.
M4ZT]>ZLK]$)?N;TKVT3I_J@U'MRZ(:-"\3$VLL,+!4),<DS`G^LY@\3#A#S(
MU`(^ZDN'_-C!0AS$FUL]LJR2IH0VEF#+T,PQ@IJX('RRJB2.5XQ,)&O$/5))
M75.\"QRO<Q1,\/(L900<Z-+-J(NKP,M+U'PRCP$ZB(%%!'REFRD]K^PVW=I%
MK;-!F2DO0CS,Z2RY[F+,(DPQUAPPX>3.>;,ZJ=F,L#//BZ`O=^NF\<PJ7GP;
M_)F@W&3/<UN4ZE)+H5S+:-S*U*P+)RO,]@,X[IPY(4.Z`9/%%S.>L;JD_1G,
MG1C'`[VM[C.D[*2XIHI&^C3)G$G(B]JIC;PR@6.T2WD,UA$:C).KYKI-"350
M_A)=I.K\RMWS1EM8KI+,FO?S-_[+S).Z3XH$/G6LL+4#.YY2S_B4C;Y#*D0$
MTM*"KL;,0I%\QJ"<NS*=3`_32L.;18($J2/]S%_Y1D1!MZC<#_%<TS,9T/[L
MTD?,-,RD1]AD4*'<RUR<1>TLT$`4OGF#P9`#+_WK19D$4>ULO-;C.U)+CCU-
M1B,+O1XL2)^<3'_QU+\$QCYSN$B2(0Y=QBQMCYE432WEJ*X<U1:4U%/=FNQ<
M0$RUIL#\MTVS4\]#TE#=SFV+K30-U%^=R3P:R/[I3&A"IGRDL8\T3<S4'D!I
M(XRT4B[D4ERU'N\S41&\R>IZS$#U5(?B2E*5S:ML_C=]%,?Y<K4I.E,B[4Z@
M-%1*C46WRU93J\0U%5:*:T(L"DTYG"Y1+<Y)!<K<"L/ZK+V$!4Z[NM-.Y$E?
M)%84*B1`W"CH"]8V5;-WXSXX(T:0,]?&_+A;$M6.3$5[@L9PA5#=Z\(5;<8[
MQ$MC?:%;4\+_@3O;.[V#K%@63+_3O,X`RR1(?`5[TTL(U4<ZHU0!G#K0`TPU
M/4GG<DLBS:#A[,YM>[N`K32R:RU9?4B))9Z8U<%*RY@K2J:6Q3IJRA]_?4_<
MP[^IE1^Q],7VK,<3'=?(K!.3#%<Q1,AXG41)O;NZA=@D2[I0+,UA);B_;54I
M[4:[`ME=N]<S$U'?L]"D_KJ4N1Q3DG/5GK18^70;%HTC6.59D@S)@GVL9%NL
M_7O8"57.O$(?X"0/4+5)X</*#V4D9'7;=U38VONBI^.Q4R1,[?+!8X/(<X79
M"L366_753PI=-XO8)$U.;BL[]"O2=`0TGM7+X%5=LL1&LSU;-WQ0YV*X.&59
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MO?W$+UQ;U9LUS;TM5^.%SH2"VC8>P[O\82SDEXJ%U\T[H6$RWPZUVJ5%7]`E
MU+$DHD6639ZTW@WN/52MLNV,6YUAH3)K1Y5#34.^3M[;0)]QJPSVON0=RAYM
M&-ZD2QA3X^.#P:>,EK$E2N&]V\`MR4KFVQ(QY0R<Y,K[3@=S7J6T0-\"WC$,
MM2DN2UD<Y`E..C*\XO!U6">-+R]$3HJY7YI#8L#M_L4I6RI=7ICF#3;%'#@_
M)EMBTU?JW5T4_6-;[3<KEJ_E?+QT1<.--6/,)60#S+I&Q5D]O29M3LL"H]OB
MR^:(M#,QB])4C-04GLVR8A=_(M;^!=;%!63.+65(B]WU-;A+EF1:9E+5LYV^
M$^C\#=.5BV9H%J\Y/<$Q-KE;U<;]U:^.+L6:!ESGS=K0'>5;AH(R?=KSE#%[
M?F`9/>1)UL,VK,\&EF)P_4#&:#N6+M;5C6B,U<_A&^!PCL@XMDM@ON5YEM!T
M#E]W;1K+W-LQIKJUU6`(WEGBW.<415L]YK!-'M<Z/%BASN)?YF!YY>3!;5+,
M'=,*7+^!%=]5%=&9W4]._D;</^VMQ%NQ9C;K4JI68O;?LW7I:J$M=.55MF7=
ML5AH%_V1>^[&^[7DSVYIRVS;32U;ZI7K4JWF=G)#UW;!@0Y@;TU4_!VLT0Z_
M-;:^Z!-N>3A)FK92%R7`R_;`]#W43([J++XSCG9.2`IK$*W<=UUM$@S#+@1K
M"8KMARYD0Z+/#DN1W*4I@C3'C-KH+6[-0S7L+:P^N*XICRP[5*T'3HW@NGM%
M@O;F"*U@(%8Q-I[B.A-P2F9?!![FSU;2B_WNH>#KSOL;##I"9L-/.[2^43Y=
M]SU?]^UJSRQ:I8G?)4R2CW3GW_7@J/YK4T;833SPD_6N\>[K%2YP=C3FL);N
M_G\>;XX38TYMZ_SL%2:660\V0@+'2Y<5-1PG8;X&;B;THY?69[12[`+\5@K%
M;+K^Z^AN$!Y]Y\R>K1MN94!^:NV>X2W_:.P67D"$Z,!C16N4;7(&:8';U9N-
MXR7]P?NZZDY3/!P&EZ\FV`#DSYB#5UB62U?VW__N;W(%[$@^TH45TJ:MX+V.
M\1:]6,#\9THW$5)`P><A7WYK9ZH>Z3B'/(,EZY6-1=6V<]QQ)EFNZX!A<2B=
M$6Q]O.?L8_>+]!;?RAHOU&81<V-.V5->\=JU=<^MY^+]U"B^[32>YZ-464TO
MO98<S>3T5NYE]#Y'2`!D[SD%Y35&\V.?5I&(6(,V_MJ.&^KO-'(G1FX5;BK6
M7N^5,'0V9G`&_>AVE_="?^%V$W9E9%ID_O+NB#Z-!:W-I+=4WEHW5?`0EG6G
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MPV%WL%U--`7^F;;IOVQ'Z);1XZ6GONGANHSZ+@;3/>'?N9;,L79=6"4]E53^
M&<_IO1]MU?=^0VUZC/])DQ==JL?]=;;8Z&7S'!JILUO&!DU0.1ZJ#:=_ZT;H
MTE=*C)=7@V>*$)S0N24`)):XVLX0I28GI`]8??OV76@L(%:*THE]9JN@V=&J
ML!C/;)1[;L5L'!;.$;R1#C)DDO1B+D<C6["2J0I]N>)ERMUZNT,M%_@5;\6X
M_J<S3`:C0+Q5NXH-_^YCO#N__]+2.H&!:48427T:$U`IB'^.A(]PD),\?X6,
M?G,K6)AH64<OBTBA2D=+AXN),EEF'YF-H3V3;9B/5WN)J9%KF["?AJ)0)EZO
M>B6*>)UZ6LO)E+K/-7`UP(=KRKW64\Z1T8#0VFHTW8S>.C<6<2G.J594IJ:Z
MUTX1@YGE9YUTO^C/5K>]6+'#IHZ2I4I$[LD+%K!,'7RTS*'1)I'0I1DG)!W;
M*%&?L5L(.68<9I#AN%\<+Q)$I)((,DV-1I4J)0\>O"@A03:4PXW/QVPD^?7,
M*5!5R7!#R@$5)$H-*7,(C;;KR%/6RF/56IXB.?)D_C>AL>9AS!I2!55OX")J
MG*6P;;JPM`3)5(*1ILPH9'?F*P+0JA"??CWZM>A6V`\PP:S9$KS/WM-5`Y<"
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MIAAA9\G]J-*")+)WT8-%<8A2/#,M1^!AAEF8U!PU`K&3EE;:TR)H768)(7TI
MS?BFDP%*AMYT@+WD$!_"%6C>A#2.>$<Q(KZ958^"=C4EEY0!^I$Q!?F9"Q67
MXC0F:/54)E^3-C;3#QV.$KD6J#@R^1B6EDXSYJ#[!2D)I)[)VJ.AC+Y8*V?>
MG2GG-R0ZXF%%.$9UYG^DE;E/<(1>:,1Y`/9AY:TZ+:H0:Q]2$Z*?XV2T74\`
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0]L;ZY[6@LL*75&U^40``.^KE
`
end


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54381
From: HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In <1r1887INNcsd@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com writes:

> In article <1r0v4c$i1j@menudo.uh.edu> HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)  
> writes:
> > In <1r0poqINNc4k@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com writes:
> > 
> >   According to KIKK radio in Houston, all nine survivors are either in hos-
> > pitals or in jails.  Including the two who allegedly helped start the 
> >fires.
> 
> In the FBI briefing, no mention was made of having the fire starters in  
> custody.

  Which one?  The one yesterday, or has there been another?  If it was yester-
day, catch up.

  IMO, 90% of all "conspiracy" charges are easily explained by the simple
fact that in these days of instantaneous news transmission, all kinds of
stuff gets said when people really just don't know what the hell's going on.
Then the story changes once the facts are in and suddenly cries of "its all a 
whitewash!" start.  Naturally, everybody wants to cover his/her ass.

> > > Why the total isolation?
> > 
> >   Well, it wasn't TOTAL, 100% isolation.  After the lawyer snuck in the 
> > first time, they (the FBI, etc) let him go back inside several times, in-
> >cluding, I think, the day before the final assualt.
>
> Why not his mother?  Why not the media?

  Damnfino.  I just tend to take issue with absolute statements that are ob-
viously wrong on their face and tend to inflame, not inform.  The isolation
was significant, but not total.

semper fi,

Jammer Jim Miller 
Texas A&M University '89 and '91
________________________________________________________________________________
 I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
"Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing System."
 "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
      ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54382
From: jgd@dixie.com (John De Armond)
Subject: FBI Murders (was Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN )

jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:

>I have believed all along that they could not let them live, the 
>embarrassment  to the BATF and the FBI would've been too severe.

>Remember, this was a suspicion of tax-evasion warrant.  There were no  
>witnesses, except the FBI.  All information filtered through the FBI.  All 
>they had to do was allow one remote controlled pool camera be installed 
>near the  building, and the press could've done their job, and would've 
>been able to back the FBI's story with close up video, while incurring no 
>risk to the press.  Unless they did not want the public to see something.  
>The complete lack of any  other source of information other than the 
>FBI really causes me concern. 

>Sick to my stomach, and getting sicker from all the Government apologists

Well put, Jim.  I am as concerned about the media's complicity in this
growing coverup.  Can you imagine the media outrage, the lawsuits, the
investigations that would emit if the government kept the media away from
any other story?  Particularly if a Republican administration had been
behind it.  What's going on here?

Let's look beyond the initial blunder and examine what happened next.
I'm a student of human phychology, particularly in the area of psy-ops
because I've found some of the techniques to be useful in business
negotiations.  That puts me firmly in the amateur ranks.  This AMATEUR
knows that the first thing to do when sizing up the opponent is to do a
psychological profile on him.  You can bet your ass the FBI had
professionally done profiles on Koresh.  Koresh's behavior was
emminently predictable.  It is typical of people who move away from
civilization to be willing to fight to the death to preserve their
isolation.  It would also be typical, given Koresh's religious
orientation, for such an individual to interpret a government assault as
the apocalypse.  Suicide is as an acceptable alternative to being
consumed in the apocalypse.

IMHO, the FBI knew all this and decided after 50 days of concentrated
psy-ops to initiate that apocalypse.  I believe they chose a course of
action designed specifically to push Koresh over the edge while publicly
appearing to be acting reasonably.  They KNEW that Koresh considered the
tanks to be the Chariots of Fire mentioned in the Book of Revelations.
They KNEW that sending tanks, oops, combat engineering vehicles,
obstensibly to perform "gas insertions" (love that NewSpeak) WOULD push
him over the edge.

Look at some supporting evidence.  Koresh's attorney mentioned on TV
earlier today (4/20) that one of Koresh's major concern was the biblical
role of the tanks stationed around the compound.  The FBI (through Reno
on Larry King last night and at the news conference this morning)
claimed to have listening devices in the compound.  If that was true
they KNEW their actions were driving him to the brink.  They KNEW they
were pushing the Davidians toward mass suicide.  Any rational and
reasonable agency NOT interested in killing those people would, at
the first sign of preparations for suicide, have pulled completely back and
would have gotten rid of all the armor.  Instead they continued with the
"gas insertion" right up to the point where flames appeared.  The image
that will remain etched in my mind is that of the tank strutting back
and forth in front of the burning compound, gloating over the kill.

Let's step back and assess how this thing could have been ended without
bloodshed.  This technique would have required a law enforcement agency
interested in constitutionally enforcing the law and in the preservation
of life instead of achieving a military victory and of vengence.

The way to have nabbed Koresh was simply to have announced a pull back,
abandoned the assault, torn down the concertina wire and removed the
armor, maintained covert surveillance of the compound and then exploited
his ego to flush him out.  Exploiting his ego would have been simple.  A
simple invite or two from the tabloid talk shows to come on TV and tell
how he whipped the US government would have been something he could not
have resisted.  He could have then been nabbed when he left the
compound.  Simple, clean and safe but because it would have required the
FBI to execute a tactical retreat and would have deprived them of the
revenge they sought, it was totally out of the question.  Not without
all that testesterone floating around.  After all Jannet Reno had to
show the world how big her balls are.

Yesterday was a sad, sad day for the American system.  I am sick to my 
very soul.

John
-- 
John De Armond, WD4OQC               |Interested in high performance mobility?  
Performance Engineering Magazine(TM) | Interested in high tech and computers? 
Marietta, Ga                         | Send ur snail-mail address to 
jgd@dixie.com                        | perform@dixie.com for a free sample mag
Lee Harvey Oswald: Where are ya when we need ya?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54383
From: auerbach@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r19tp$5em@bigboote.WPI.EDU>, mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
> In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
>>I will be surprised if this post makes it past the censors,
>>but here goes:
>>
> In short Mr. Gorman (I am assuming Mr. as a title because I don't think a 
>woman would be stupid enough to make this post) I don't know what episode of CNN you
 ^^^^^

What an incrediblt sexist remark! Come now, Mike, what ever possessed you to
make such a un-PC remark?  I hope all women out there reading this are as
incensed as I am. Remember, WOMAN ARE JUST AS GOOD AS MEN!!!! 

Women stand up for your right to be just as stupid as men. In fact, insist on
every oppurtunity to be even more stupid than men! You've got the right, use
it!

Hey, it's a slow afternoon and I really don't want to get back to that
report...;)

BTW: mega-smileys for the humor impaired...

Karl

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54384
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1r0qsrINNc61@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:
>In article <C5s0Ds.J54@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
>writes:
>> I agree that they deserved a trial.  They had more than 40 days to come 
>> out and get their trial.  They chose to keep the children with them and 
>> to stay inside.  They chose to stay inside even after they were tear gassed.
>> I do not find these actions rational.  Even Noriega was smart enough to 
>> give up and go for the trial he deserved.
>> 
>
>Mr. Roby, you are a government sucking heartless bastard.  

Unworthy of comment.

>Humans died  
>yesterday, humans who would not have died if the FBI had not taken the 
>actions  
>they did.  That is the undeniable truth.  I cried for them.  

Nor would they have died if they had come out with their hands empty.
That is undeniable truth.  My heart bleeds just as much as yours for 
the children who were never released given 51 days of ample opportunities 
to do so.  My heart also bleeds for people so blinded by religious devotion 
to not have the common sense to leave the compound when tanks came up 
and started dropping in tear gas early in the morning.

>You seem to say  
>they got what they deserved.

I do not think this.  However, if they did set the fire (which started in 
more than one place and spread very quickly), then they got what they 
wanted and put into motion themselves.

I see the BATF is going to be investigated by the Justice Dept. and likely 
by Arlen Spectre and congress.  This is good.  They have bungled the affair 
from the start.

>Jim
>--
>jmd@handheld.com
>-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
>that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
>"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
>in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
>WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777


-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54385
From: mcclary@netcom.com (Michael McClary)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

In article <1r0mtoINNa59@cronkite.Central.Sun.COM> dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM writes:
>Gordon Storga writes:
>
>>Gentleman, are we also forgetting the near genocide of the Native American
>>for the barbaric act of being "heathen" (i.e. a non-Christian) by a
>>predominantly Christian government.  That's a little over 200 years as I
>>recall.  I'd say that for the most part it was religious persecution
>>(their religion dictated their lifestyle).
>
>This is a stretch.  In fact, a great many of the persecuted Indians were
>Christian, a great many.  It would be simpler to state the obvious, that
>white people wanted land the Indians dominated or threatened.  I really
>don't think the government cared a hill of beans about the Indians' religion.

My Native American Girlfriend asks: "If the government really doesn't
'care a hill of beans' about our religion, how come they're still
busting us for it in Oregon, Washington, and a few other places?
You'd be a Christian, too, if the U.S. Army marched you into church
at gunpoint."
-- 
=	=	=	=	=	=	=	=	=	=
Michael McClary						mcclary@netcom.com
For faster response, address electronic mail to:	michael@node.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54386
From: HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

In <donbC5sL24.Ewu@netcom.com> donb@netcom.com writes:

> Anyway, here's how I see the Waco affair; I'd be interested in other peoples'
> interpretations...
> 
> 1. Koresh and his people were basically minding their own business.
> 2. Some weapons violations may have been committed and I wouldn't have
>    disapproved of prosecuting him for those violations.  However, I think
>    the BATF was criminal for starting negotiations with a military style
>    assault and for firing into a house where there were children and other
>    noncombatants.
> 3. I don't see they couldn't just leave a token guard on the place and wait
>    the BDs out; I don't approve of the tear gas approach and, if it caused
>    the fire to be started, I think the FBI agent responsible should spend
>    10-20 years in jail.

  I think the legal term would be "negligent homicide"

> 4. However, if Koresh's response to the tear gas was to kill everyone there,
>    I hold him largely responsible for their deaths.


  Well, it's nice to see someone with a brain, a general lack of paranoia, and
a willingness to put his thoughts in public.  I tend to agree with all you have
said.

  "Never assume foul motives when stupidity will do." -- Jim's Corrolary to 
						          Occam's Razor

semper fi,

Jammer Jim Miller 
Texas A&M University '89 and '91
________________________________________________________________________________
 I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
"Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing System."
 "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
      ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54387
From: vojak@icebucket.stortek.com (Bill Vojak)
Subject: Letter To David Skaggs

Here is a letter I sent to David Skaggs, (Dem, CO).  Before anybody says
something, yes the letter is a bit "sharp" in tone.  I have been writting
reasonable and polite letters to him for years, and all I get in return
in the HCI party line.  Since he already is NRA F rated, I don't think that
upsetting him will harm the cause.  Sorry if you disagree, but recent events
in Texas REALLY have me pissed.

-------------------
							April  20, 1993
Representative Skaggs,

Recently I wrote to you regarding my outrage over the tactics used by the
Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms, (BATF), in Texas.  In your response
you stated that "Events in Texas underscore the need for stricter gun control
legislation to keep guns out of the hand of groups such as the Branch Davidians.
My question to you is, "what grounds would you use to deny them access to 
firearms?"  Best I can tell this statement underscores your apparent total
ignorance of the subject, and highlights your personal bias against firearms.
I say this because there are only two possible paths of "gun control" which you
could have been referencing.

Either:
1) You were talking about their access to semi-automatics firearms.  In this
case I should point out that semi-automatic firearms are legal in most areas of
this Country, including Texas and Colorado.  In addition the members of the
"cult" have never been convicted of any crimes which would deny them the ability
to purchase these weapons.  So under what grounds would you deny them these
guns?  Their religion?  The fact they they live in a large group alone by
themselves?  Because you consider them to be a cult?  Maybe I consider your
Church to be a cult!

This line of reasoning by you borders on the concept of "thought crimes."  You
and Pat Robertson should really get along.

2) You were referring to the ALLEGED FULLY automatic weapons possessed by the
"cult."  Under current US law, FULLY automatic weapons have been covered by
some of the strictest gun control laws in this Nation.  So if David Koresh
illegally possessed them, he would have had to circumvent some of the strictest
laws we have.  How will more laws help?  By the way, it has been reported that
David Koresh possessed a Federal Firearms License which would have permitted 
him to possess FULLY automatic weapons.  If true, the 85 people who perished
Monday in the fire, died so that the Federal government could collect a couple
hundred dollars in taxes on guns David Koresh didn't declare.

I have heard claims that they were "stockpiling weapons."  Yet considering the
number of people in the complex, even 200+ weapons would not have been out of
line with gun ownership statistics for all of Texas.  What's next?  A siege of
Dallas/Ft Worth for alleged "stockpiling?"

Face it David Skaggs, You have voted for virtually EVERY gun control law that
has passed through Congress, yet you claim that you are only for "reasonable"
restrictions.  Bull****!   Handgun Control Inc. is struggling to maintain
250,000 PAID members, while the NRA has just exceeded 3,000,000 members.  They
are still growing at a rate of 2,000 new members per day.  Driving around YOUR
district I see NRA stickers every day.  In eight plus years of living here I
have only seen ONE HCI bumper sticker.  When you vote for your "reasonable"
gun control laws, are you really representing your district, or are you
representing Sarah Bradys'?


					Thank You,




					William J. Vojak





							April  20, 1993
Representative Skaggs,

Recently I wrote to you regarding my outrage over the tactics used by the
Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms, (BATF), in Texas.  In your response
you stated that "Events in Texas underscore the need for stricter gun control
legislation to keep guns out of the hand of groups such as the Branch Davidians.
My question to you is, "what grounds would you use to deny them access to 
firearms?"  Best I can tell this statement underscores your apparent total
ignorance of the subject, and highlights your personal bias against firearms.
I say this because there are only two possible paths of "gun control" which you
could have been referencing.

Either:
1) You were talking about their access to semi-automatics firearms.  In this
case I should point out that semi-automatic firearms are legal in most areas of
this Country, including Texas and Colorado.  In addition the members of the
"cult" have never been convicted of any crimes which would deny them the ability
to purchase these weapons.  So under what grounds would you deny them these
guns?  Their religion?  The fact they they live in a large group alone by
themselves?  Because you consider them to be a cult?  Maybe I consider your
Church to be a cult!

This line of reasoning by you borders on the concept of "thought crimes."  You
and Pat Robertson should really get along.

2) You were referring to the ALLEGED FULLY automatic weapons possessed by the
"cult."  Under current US law, FULLY automatic weapons have been covered by
some of the strictest gun control laws in this Nation.  So if David Koresh
illegally possessed them, he would have had to circumvent some of the strictest
laws we have.  How will more laws help?  By the way, it has been reported that
David Koresh possessed a Federal Firearms License which would have permitted 
him to possess FULLY automatic weapons.  If true, the 85 people who perished
Monday in the fire, died so that the Federal government could collect a couple
hundred dollars in taxes on guns David Koresh didn't declare.

I have heard claims that they were "stockpiling weapons."  Yet considering the
number of people in the complex, even 200+ weapons would not have been out of
line with gun ownership statistics for all of Texas.  What's next?  A siege of
Dallas/Ft Worth for alleged "stockpiling?"

Face it David Skaggs, You have voted for virtually EVERY gun control law that
has passed through Congress, yet you claim that you are only for "reasonable"
restrictions.  Bull****!   Handgun Control Inc. is struggling to maintain
250,000 PAID members, while the NRA has just exceeded 3,000,000 members.  They
are still growing at a rate of 2,000 new members per day.  Driving around YOUR
district I see NRA stickers every day.  In eight plus years of living here I
have only seen ONE HCI bumper sticker.  When you vote for your "reasonable"
gun control laws, are you really representing your district, or are you
representing Sarah Bradys'?


					Thank You,
					William J. Vojak

---------------------------

                                Bill Vojak
                                vojak@icebucket.stortek.com
				NRA, ILA,
                                Colorado Firearms Coalition
------------------------------------------------------------
The CBS Nightly Propaganda With Dan Rather. (RATHER NOT!)
The CBS Nightly Propaganda With Dan Rather. (RATHER BIASED!)
------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54388
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Randy Weaver trial update: Day 5.

Note: These trial updates are summarized from reports in the
_Idaho Statesman_ and the local NBC affiliate television
station, KTVB Channel 7.

Randy Weaver/Kevin Harris trial update: Day 5.

Monday, April 19, 1993 was the fifth day of the trial.

Synopsis: Government informant Kenneth Fadeley testified that
Randy Weaver sold him two shotguns in violation of the National
Firearms Act of 1934.  U.S. District Court Judge Edward Lodge
asks jurors not to hear accounts of the Waco fire because
of possible influences on the Weaver/Harris case.

The testimony of FBI Special Agent Greg Rampton apparently
ended without further incident, as it was mentioned neither
by KTVB nor the _Idaho Statesman_.

The day was highlighted by the testimony of Kenneth Fadeley,
who had been posing as an outlaw biker and illegal guns person
named Gus Magiosono.  Fadeley testified that he was acting as
an informant for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms
in his dealings with Randy Weaver.

Fadeley began by stating that he had met Weaver in 1987 at an
Aryan Nations summer conference in Hayden Lake, Idaho.  The two
then met again October 11, 1989 (note the huge separation in
time) at a restaurant in Sandpoint, Idaho, to begin a weapons
transaction.  He stated that Weaver had said, "He felt like he
(Weaver) was being prepared to do something dangerous for the
White cause."

The two later met October 24, 1989 behind the restaurant and
later went to a city park to make the sale.  During this second
meeting, Fadeley was wearing a small recording device to
tape the conversation.  Weaver allegedly showed him an H&R 12-
gauge shotgun with a 13-inch barrel and an overall length of
19.25 inches.  He additionally showed a Remington 12-gauge
shotgun with a 12.75-inch barrel and an overall length of
24.5 inches (NFA requires minimums of 18 inches for barrel
length and an overall length of 26 inches).  On tape, Weaver
is reported to have said that he could perform better work once
his machine shop is set up.  The two then discuss the possibility
of future sales.  Fadeley then counts out three hundred dollars
for the two guns and promises the balance of one-hundred fifty
dollars when they next meet.  (Note that the ATF could have
simply arrested him here.  Why did they wait until January 1991 -
over a year later - to arrest him?  This is not explained).

The next meeting took place on Nov 30, 1989.  Fadeley stated that
his "source" had only come up with one hundred dollars instead
of the one-hundred fifty he'd promised.  At this point, Weaver
suspected he was dealing with an informant, "I had a guy in
Spokane tell me you were bad."  Fadeley managed to convince
Weaver otherwise.

The _Idaho Statesman_ states explicitly that three tapes were
made of conversations with Randy Weaver.  Thus, each of these
meetings must have been recorded.  However, the _Statesman_ also
reported that a tape of a telephone conversation involving Vicki
Weaver (Randy Weaver's wife) was played to the court.  There must
have also been phone taps.

These tapes were played to the court via both headphones and
loudspeakers under the objections of Gerry Spence, Weaver's
attorney.  Spence said to a KTVB reporter that he wanted to
make sure that the government proved its case, "...if it has a
case at all..." according to the rules.

Randy Weaver tore off his headphones and wept when he heard his
wife's voice on the tape.

U.S. District Court Judge Edward Lodge asked jurors not to hear
accounts of the Waco fire because of possible influences on the
Weaver/Harris case.  Exactly how such information could affect
this trial is not explained.

Other notes: Sunday evening there was a report on KTVB concerning
Kevin Harris.  Unnamed agents within the FBI admit that they are
surprised that Kevin Harris is still alive.  First, they were
surprised that he survived the initial gunshot wound(s) sustained
in the initial firefight at the Y-junction.  Later, when Randy
Weaver was struck by sniper fire the sniper had reported that
Harris had been struck (not Weaver).  Finally, there was a report
that the FBI agent who killed Vicki Weaver believed he was aiming
at Kevin Harris instead.  (This is what was reported).  Critics
are charging that the FBI was blatantly trying to eliminate the
only non-government witness to the deaths of Samuel Weaver and
Deputy Marshal William Degan.  Some local people believe that
Harris's survival is simply due to divine intervention.

Tuesday, April 20, 1993 will be the sixth day of the trial. 
Kenneth Fadeley's testimony is scheduled to continue. 


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54390
From: pes3@cunixf.cc.columbia.edu (Paul Eric Stoufflet)
Subject: Clipper Chip

I thought that the Clipper Chip that was posted to t.p.g (sorry, I lost
the original post) was a joke.  I really did.  I didn't believe it for
a second.  But on the way to work this morning, I heard about it on NPR.

This scares me almost as much as the doublespeak emanating from the
FBI and BATF in Waco.


 ***   Paul Eric Stoufflet
 ***   Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center
 ***   internet: pes3@cunixf.cc.columbia.edu
 ***   All opinions are my own

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54391
From: pes3@cunixf.cc.columbia.edu (Paul Eric Stoufflet)
Subject: Re: Die Koresh Die!

In article <1r04h8$q5a@umcc.umcc.umich.edu> tim@umcc.umcc.umich.edu (Tim Tyler) writes:
>	I was hoping that --however the situation was resolved-- the
>property would remain intact, so the gov't could sell it to help pay for the
>hundreds of thousands of dollars of expenses incurred having to babysit
>Krazy Koresh & his flock of sheep.
>

In some South American countries, after political undesirables disappeared,
the family would get a notice of death and a bill for the disposal
of the body.  You apparently think that would be a good idea.

The Federal Government initiated this action against Koresh and his
followers, surrounded them for 51 days, engaged in psychological
warfare, used heavy military equipment against US citizens on
US soil; and now that the compound caught fire while they were
pumping in CS gas after knocking holes in the building; disavows
all responsibility.  Big Brother is NOT always right.


 ***   Paul Eric Stoufflet
 ***   Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center
 ***   internet: pes3@cunixf.cc.columbia.edu
 ***   All opinions are my own

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54394
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Ax the ATF

In article <donbC5sL69.F7I@netcom.com>, donb@netcom.com (Don Baldwin) writes:

> It's hard to know what/who to believe.  However, the letter I received from
> the BATF, in response to one I sent to Bentsen, said that there was a search
> warrant AND an arrest warrant.

Check again.  You may find that the arrest warrant was issued AFTER the
first firefight.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54395
From: rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

In article <1r19l9$7dv@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham) writes:
>What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
>had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
>compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.
>
>The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
>transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use
>more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to
>do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they
>must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.
>
>With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
>more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
>the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look
>at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country
>of ours.
>
>With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
>mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
>women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
>to death 51 days later.
>


	I HOPE THAT YOU ARE IN THE WAY OF THE NOBLE FEDERAL ENFORCERS and
are blown away accidently by the governments goons.

You would cheer the death to 25 childern?

This is the sort of person who served as a death camp guard.
--
Rod Anderson  N0NZO            | The only acceptable substitute
Boulder, CO                    | for brains is silence.
rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu         |       -Solomon Short-
satellite  N0NZO on ao-16      |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54397
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <KEVIN.93Apr20085431@axon.usa>, kevin@axon.usa (Kevin Vanhorn) writes:
> In article <C5rpoJ.IJv@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
> >
> > Two of the nine who escaped the compound said the fire was deliberately set 
> > by cult members.
> 
> Correction: The *FBI* *says* that two of the nine who escaped said the fire
> was deliberately set by cult members.  Since the press was kept miles away,
> we have absolutely no independent verification of any of the government's
> claims in this matter.

Moreover, the BATF has admitted having agents in the compound, and as
far as I have been able to ascertain, those agents were still in the
compound when the first shots were fired.  For all we know, these two
people may BE the agents, who would certainly be unlikely to stay around
and "cook" with the faithful...

Assuming the two people in question were even in the compound at all.

Maybe I sound paranoid, but I watched Janet Reno last night harping on
how much David Koresh was a big, bad child abuser, and I kept wondering 
why she -- much less BATF -- wanted us to infer that she had any 
jurisdiction over such accusations in the first place.

I'm POSITIVE that the "sealed warrant" is not for child abuse.  What was
it for?  Peobably weapons violations.  Janet Reno didn't say WORD ONE
last night about weapons violations.  Why?  Because she knows that such
a case is no longer believable?
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54398
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr20.143255.12711@mcs.kent.edu>, mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu (The Lawnmowerman) writes:

> > THIS IS GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE, INCLUDING CHILDREN!

> Is this guy serious????

> If he would ever really pay attention to the news (oops I forgot that the media
>    for the most part loves to jump right on top of a story before all the facts 
>    are known, as well as to manipulate what we see and thus what we believe). 

>    Besides, a majority of 
>    these children were children that he was supposed to have been the father of,
>    this then makes them bastard children to a sacraligious zeloit (sp). 

Oh, then, I guess that shooting THOSE kind of babies is all right.

You sick bastard.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54399
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r19tp$5em@bigboote.WPI.EDU>, mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:

> >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day  
> in Texas. 

Do YOU eat all your food cold?
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54400
From: rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy)
Subject: Incompetent law enforcement can kill


Ever since the siege at Waco started the FBI spokesman has been
stressing how unstable and paranoid David Koresh was.  He stressed how
likely it was the the Branch Davidians would commit mass suicide.  He
was concerned with the safety of the children.
 
What did the FBI do to defuse the situation,  Did they try to reassure
Koresh?  DId the FBI offer medical assistance to the BD?  Did the FBI
offer them a supply of water when the BD pump stoped working?  Did the
permit Koresh to communicate with anyone outside the compound?
 
What the FBI did was harass the Branch Davidians as much as possible.
They kept powerful lights shining on the compound, shut off their
electrical power, put their pump out of action, assaulted their ears
with loud noise, cut off their communication with the outside and kept
limiting their permitter.  The stated goal was to put pressure on
David Koresh.
 
Was the FBI attempting to get Koresh to surrender or were they hoping
to get Koresh so mad that he and some of his followers would attack
the the tanks.
 
It appears that the tactics employed by the FBI did drive Koresh over
the edge.  The blame for the deaths should be shared by both the
federal experts whose tactics drove Koresh over the edge and the fools
at the ATF who planed the raid.
 
Stupidity and incompetence of the BATF and the FBI leadership have
resulted in the needless death of 90 innocent people.
 
If every thing had gone as planned 90 people would be alive today.
Instead the ATF screwed up and caused the death of 90+.  Incompetent
law enforcement can kill you!
 

--
Rod Anderson  N0NZO            | The only acceptable substitute
Boulder, CO                    | for brains is silence.
rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu         |       -Solomon Short-
satellite  N0NZO on ao-16      |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54401
From: rscharfy@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu (Ryan C Scharfy)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <mvpC5rp8n.3ts@netcom.com> mvp@netcom.com (Mike Van Pelt) writes:
>In article <16BB5124A0.PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU> PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU (David
 Veal) writes:
>>       Be cute if Koresh hit the trail.
>>
>>       Maybe he was bodily assumed into heaven.  Wouldn't that just
>>make AG Reno's day?
>
>*snort*  I sorta doubt it...
>
>However... No bodies?  By the time this message gets out
>they'll doubtless have found bunches, but wouldn't it be
>interesting if they had a tunnel and  are long gone?


If they hadn't killed the ATF people in the original raid, I think I would 
laugh my ass off.  (Actually, to be honest, I still might.)

Ryan

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54402
From: meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1993Apr14.232806.18970@beaver.cs.washington.edu> graham@cs.washington.edu (Stephen Graham) writes:
[ ... ]
>It's worth noting that US vs. Miller sustained Miller's conviction
>of possession of an illegal firearm, noting that a sawed-off shotgun
>was not a proper militia weapon. Therefore, US vs. Miller supports
>limited government regulation of firearms.

Then it also supports basing such regulations on ignorance.

Miller had disappeared, and nobody bothered to present _his_
side to the Supreme Court -- in particular, that sawed-off
shotguns were used in the World War I trenches, and in other
tight spots ever since guns had been invented.  Would _you_
turn one down if you had to "clean" an alley in E. St. Louis?
--------
Vegetarians kill, too

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54404
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

In article <1r19l9$7dv@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>, oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham) writes:

> The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
> transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use
> more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to
> do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they
> must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.

The BATF is there to collect taxes, not to protect your sorry ass or mine.

> With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
> more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
> the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. 

All flame-bait, of course.  If you really want to be flame bait, send me
your address and I'll tell the BATF about those automatic weapons you
have stockpiled.  You'll be warm in no time.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54405
From: rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy)
Subject: Will CS burn or explode

The FBI released large amounts of CS tear gas into the compound in
Waco.  CS tear gas is a fine power.  Is CS inflammable.  Grain dust
suspended in air can form an explosive mixture, will CS suspended in air
form an explosive mix? Could large quantities of CS have fueled the
rapid spread of fire in the compound?
 
Please note I am directing all followups to talk.politics.guns

--
Rod Anderson  N0NZO            | The only acceptable substitute
Boulder, CO                    | for brains is silence.
rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu         |       -Solomon Short-
satellite  N0NZO on ao-16      |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54406
From: cntrspy@netcom.com (Executive Protection Assoc)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

///////   And we thought the unfortunate people in the Branch Dividians were
          Brainwashed ??  They don't hold a candle to this guy......


D:d
:wq


B
///////////////////////////////////
Daniel Oldham (oldham@ces.cwru.edu) wrote:
: What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
: had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
: compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.
: 
: The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
: transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use
: more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to
: do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they
: must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.
: 
: With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
: more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
: the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look
: at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country
: of ours.
: 
: With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
: mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
: women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
: to death 51 days later.
: 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54407
From: ndallen@r-node.hub.org (Nigel Allen)
Subject: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

In the interests of completeness, I thought readers of these 
newsgroups would want to see FBI Director William Sessions'
statement, as released by the FBI press office.

 FBI Director's Statement On Waco Standoff
 To: National Desk
 Contact: Federal Bureau of Investigation, Press Office,
          202-324-3691

   WASHINGTON, April 19 -- The following is a statement by 
FBI Director William S. Sessions regarding the Branch Davidian 
incident in Waco, Texas:

   "I had hoped to be making a very different statement this evening.
After very careful planning and extensive preparation we all thought
that today's efforts by the FBI to bring the Branch Davidians out of
their compound would result in the peaceful resolution of the
stand-off or at least meaningful negotiation.
   "Instead, we are faced with devastation and death.  However, I
have no question that our plan was correct and was conducted with
extreme professionalism and care.  I applaud the restraint shown by
agents in the face of life-threatening gunfire, and I thank them for
risking their lives to try to end this peacefully.  I have only the
greatest admiration for the courage and professionalism of all
involved."
 -30-

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54408
From: irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
>I will be surprised if this post makes it past the censors,
>but here goes:
>
>Monday, 19 April, 1993 13:30 EDT
>
>                    MURDER  MOST  FOUL!!
>
>CNN is reporting as I write this that the ATF has ignited all
>the buildings of the Branch Dividian ranch near Waco, TX. The
>lies from ATF say "holes were made in the walls and 'non-lethal' tear
>gas pumped in". A few minutes after this started the whole thing went up.
>ALL buildings are aflame. NO ONE HAS ESCAPED. I think it obvious that
>the ATF used armored flame-thrower vehicles to pump in unlit
>napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.

Actually if 'a few minutes' translates into 6 hours, you have it
right.  BUT you (and I guess your single-source news agency CNN)
failed to mention the Davidians pouring kerosene all over and lighting it in plain
view.

>THIS IS MURDER!

Well, small-scale Jim Jones type suicide with fire instead of kool-aid.

>
>ATF MURDERERS!  BUTCHERS!!

Sorry, guy, you got it wrong.  ATF was pumping tear gas into the compound.
The Branch Davidians (going along with their apocolyptic faith) set their
own compound on fire killing all but 9 or so.  No children survived.

>THIS IS GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE, INCLUDING CHILDREN!

Self-slaughter, anyway.  I pity the children who were to young to be able
to make a conscious choice.

>I have predicted this from the start, but God, it sickens me to see
>it happen. I had hoped I was wrong. I had hoped that there was
>still some shred of the America I grew up with, and loved, left
>alive. I was wrong. The Nazis have won.

You are wrong.  Thank goodness.  I would suggest, however, that you take
a deep breath, and wait 30 minutes or so before posting.  Also make sure
your facts are correct before making your allegations(sp.).

>I REPEAT, AS OF THIS TIME THERE ARE **NO  SURVIVORS**!

You repeated wrong.  There were 9.

>God help us all.

God help the Branch Davidians.

>PLEASE CROSSPOST -- DON'T LET THEM GET AWAY WITH THE SLAUGHTER OF THE CHILDREN!

NO DON'T!!!!  THERE IS WAY TOO MUCH OF THIS CRAP BEING CROSSPOSTED ALL OVER
CREATION AS IT IS!!!!!!

-- 
<><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
<>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
<><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54410
From: random@cbnewse.cb.att.com (David L. Pope)
Subject: Riddle me something else.

> On the other hand, I wonder if,
> with a face full of "massive amounts of CS," *I* would be able to escape
> a burning tinder-box like that ranch house assuming my best efforts.

What ever happened to the 'Adobe Fortress' I kept hearing about? I
thought this was a 'Cult Stronghold'! If the kgbatf knew it was a
tinderbox, why didn't they just have all the talking heads line up
and start huffin' and puffin?

	Random
	

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54411
From: chuck@eng.umd.edu (Chuck Harris - WA3UQV)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...

In article <1993Apr20.050550.4660@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca> j979@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca (FULLER  M) writes:
>Does a "not harmful" gassing mean that you can, with a little willpower,
>stay inside indefinitely without suffering any serious health problems?
>
>If so, why was CS often employed against tunnels in Vietnam?
>
>What IS the difference, anyway?

CS "tear-gas" was used in Vietnam because it makes you wretch so hard that
your stomach comes out thru your throat.  Well, not quite that bad, but
you can't really do much to defend yourself while you are blowing cookies.

Chuck Harris - WA3UQV
chuck@eng.umd.edu


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54414
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Re: Die Koresh Die!

The explanations of Federal law enforcement officials about what
happened in Waco is just another example of the survivors writing the
history books to put themselves in the best of a bad light.
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

I'm beginning to look forward to reaching the %100 allocation of taxes
to pay for the interest on the national debt. At that point the
federal government will be will go out of business for lack of funds.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54415
From: glover@tafs2.mitre.org (Graham K. Glover)
Subject: The Cold War: Who REALLY Won?

If one reasons that the United States of America at one time represented 
and protected freedom << individual liberty and personal responsibility >> 
(and I do, in fact, think that this is true) and that totalitarianism << 
absolute government control and tyranny >> represents freedom's opposite 
(which it does), did the USA really win the cold war?

Standard disclaimers ALWAYS apply!

----------------
Graham K. Glover
----------------

UNMUTUAL

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54416
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1993Apr20.195636.17742@guinness.idbsu.edu> betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz) writes:
>In article <C5sou8.LnB@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>>>Watch from where?  Two miles away?  Far enough away that whatever
>>>really happenned must be explained through the vengeful filter of
>>>a humiliated agency that said (quote!) "Enough is enough."
>>
>>Please tell me what you think would have happened had the people 
>>come out with their hands up several weeks ago.

No answer.

>You didn't answer the question.  The FBI took people out of
>camera range.  It is thus possible that they were engaging in
>questionable activities.

I do not feel like the cameras were out of range.  Cameras watched the first 
confrontation.  Cameras watched the banners.  Cmaeras watched the final 
confrontation with tanks.  Cameras watched the fire.  When weren't cameras 
able to watch?  When would cameras be unable to watch people coming out with 
their hands up?

>As to your question, please tell me what you think would have happened
>had the ATF goon squad knocked and asked politely several weeks
>ago (as opposed to playing Rambo with a t.v. crew in tow).

Well, that is what BATF should have done.  Either, Koresh would have gone 
peaceably as he has done in the past, or perhaps it was already too close 
to the apocalypse in his own mind.  It is hard to predict the actions of 
a leader who would not release the children when most rational people would.

Now will you answer my question up top?

>
>Drew
>--
>betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
>*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
>*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
>*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
>    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium


-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54417
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: Statement to everyone on t.p.g

In article <1993Apr19.201300.27080@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>,
andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:
>
>Clue - Kratz' position isn't a defense against inaccuracy.
>
>I oppose gun control because it doesn't work.  If it did, I'd support
>it.  In fact, I supported gun control before I did my homework.
>
>There's no demand for pro-gun people who don't know what they're
>talking about.  In fact, they'd be much better off if they didn't say
>anything.
>
And why is this Freeman?  Even if a pro-gun person doesn't know what they are
talking about there is always the possibility that they will learn a thing or
two.  I am and will continue to post even if people get angry with what I have
to say.  I have several good sources of material now that I know where to look
so calm down.

>There's lots of information flowing on tpg for those interested in
>learning.  One can participate in those discussions without ranting
>inaccurately.  Failure to do so has consequences.
>
Ah, Freeman seems to forget from my statement that I am learning.  I have also
asked several of the not-so-hostile folks on this group for sources of
information to read.  Do you think, Freeman, that maybe this means I am
interested in learning?  I think it does because as you said people who don't
know anything won't be good for the pro-gun cause.

>Another good habit to get into is to go read-only for a while, to take
>the time to figure out how things work.
>
Another good habit to get into is to realize that not everyone is you Freeman
and accept mistakes.  Sure, maybe it could have been some type of
misinformation being slung by some anti-gun nut but it wasn't.  I made my
statement to inform everyone of this and everyone who replied said don't worry
about it but also to learn as much as you can.  They accepted my mistake and
gave me sources of information and told me to read as much as possible.  I have
read several posts of yours and have found them informative.  Why don't you
give me the same chance?

>-andy

Jason

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54418
From: lsacks@angelo.amd.com (Larry Sacks)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:

>You are loosing.

[stuff deleted]

>Avoid situations which encourage criminals. Then you will
>be as safe as possible. Such as it is ...

Really?  How do you avoid situations which encourage criminals?  I'd
really like to know.  Would you, say, prohibit female college
students from riding their bicycles near the university during the
daytime?  

Sounds a bit drastic, doesn't it?  Especially when the university is
locatd in a nice residential area.  A friend of mine was attacked and
nearly raped in just this situation.  The police didn't feel she was
in a situation which 'encouraged criminals'.

What do you think?  Should we just tell her, that it was her fault
for daring to ride a bicycle in the middle of the day?  That she
didn't avoid a situation that encouraged criminals?  If that's the
case, then we'd all better put bars on our doors and windows and
pray for a police state to keep us all safe.  Crime happens in all
situations - there are no defined areas that criminals avoid.  

Larry Sacks
Advanced Micro Devices
lsacks@angelo.amd.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54419
From: fiddler@concertina.Eng.Sun.COM (steve hix)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5sv88.HJy@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>In article <1r1j3n$4t@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>>In article <1r19tp$5em@bigboote.WPI.EDU>, mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
>>
>>> >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
>>>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>>> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day
>>> in Texas.
>>
>>Do YOU eat all your food cold?
>
>Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
>Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.
 
Brent, the Feds turned off the BD's electricity a couple of weeks ago... 
 
Perhaps you haven't been paying attention to the radio, TV, or newspapers, 
though. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


-- 
-------------------------------------------------------
| Some things are too important not to give away      |
| to everybody else and have none left for yourself.  |
|------------------------ Dieter the car salesman-----|

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54420
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1r1rad$7rl@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>In article <C5s0Ds.J54@news.udel.edu>, roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:

  [The original question was about who started the fire and whether the 
   "madmen" were inside or outside the compound.  To which I replied on 
   the possible sanity level of those inside and outside.]
>
>> According to an Australian documentary made in the year before the stand off 
>> began, Koresh and his followers all believed he was Christ.  Koresh 
>> had sex with children and women married to other men in the compound.  
>> These were the "perfect children" resulting from the "great seed" of 
>> his "magnified horn".  Ex-members describe him in ways not dissimilar 
>> to the way Jim Jones has been described.
>
>Point noted.  Have you submitted YOUR faith and sex life for BATF clearance?
>Better hurry; I believe the deadline was April 15.

I paid my taxes.  There was no reference to sex or religion on the form.
The comments above and below were meant to address who might be unstable 
enough to keep children in a building with tear gas or start a fire.

>> FBI agents have to pass rigorous psychological examinations and background 
>> checks.  Plus, those in charge will undoubtedly have to explain their 
>> decisions in great detail to congress.  Why would the FBI want to fulfill 
>> Koresh's own prophecy?
>
>And nevertheless, they hit all their marks and read all the scripted lines.  
>Well, it sure beats the hell out of me.  Maybe Thoreau had a clue when he
>said, "It is impossible to make anything foolproof, because fools are so
>ingenious."

I agree that the BATF handled the affair badly.  

>> >:Two of the nine who escaped the compound said the fire was deliberately set 
>> >:by cult members.
>> >
>> >Correction:  The *FBI* said that two of the cult members said this; so far,
>> >no one else has been able to talk to them.
>> 
>> So, when they talk to the news reporters directly, and relate the same details, 
>> will you believe them?
>
>Believe them?  I won't even RECOGNIZE them.  And neither will anyone else
>who doesn't know them personally.

Do you believe they would put impostors before the national tv cameras?

At this point, we are getting conflicting reports from the survivors.
Best wait til more light is shed upon them.  Of course, this is no 
good if you believe in eternal darkness.

>-- 
>
>cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
>OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...
>


-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54421
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <lt8keoINN31v@appserv.Eng.Sun.COM> fiddler@concertina.Eng.Sun.COM (steve hix) writes:
>In article <C5sIAJ.Ks7@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>>
>>Why didn't they release the children weeks ago?
>
>It would have been inconsistent behavior for them to have done so.
>
>Some people believe that there is more to life than the physical requirements.
>
>These folks believed that the generally-held standards of the surrounding
>community (heck, most of the world) were morally wrong, and letting the
>children be abandoned to this (godless/unbelieving) culture would be condeming
>them to eternal loss and separation from God.
>
>By their standards, letting the children go would be abandoning them to a fate
>literally worse than death.
>
>The FBI (and BATF and media) people working on the issue, I suspect,
>just couldn't get their heads into a similar-enough (to say nothing of
>identical) mode of thinking to realize what they were doing.
>
>Physically, there was no reason why the BD's shouldn't have given up and come
>out a long time ago.
>
>From the point of view of the BD's, they were up against the wall and had nowhere
>to go at all.
>
>They apparently really did love their kids too much to abandon them to a godless
>bunch of outsiders...although the end result was horribly twisted.
>
>I didn't say the BD's were right, I just said that that's the way they perceived
>it.
>
>Koresh was a nutcase, and a bunch of other people paid for that.
>
>And the FBI and BATF miscalculated and misunderstood what was going on from the
>word go.

Very likely possible.  Reminds me of the movie "The Rapture".

>
>-- 
>-------------------------------------------------------
>| Some things are too important not to give away      |
>| to everybody else and have none left for yourself.  |
>|------------------------ Dieter the car salesman-----|


-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54422
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

It's truly unfortunate that we don't have the Japanese tradition of
Hari-Kari for public officials to salvage some tatters of honor after
they commit offenses against humanity like were perpetrated in Waco,
Texas today.
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

I'm beginning to look forward to reaching the %100 allocation of taxes
to pay for the interest on the national debt. At that point the
federal government will be will go out of business for lack of funds.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54423
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!
From: steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu (Jason 'Think!' Steiner)

Brent Irvine (irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu) writes:
> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
> >mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
> >
> >> >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
> >>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> >> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use 
> >> on a warm day  in Texas. 
> >
> >Do YOU eat all your food cold?

> Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
> Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.

oh, i see. electricity is a natural right & our wonderful government
would -never- cut off the power to the people they were besieging.
are you really this dumb, or just acting like it for the sake of
argument?

jason

--
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`
`,` "True love is better than anything, except cough drops."            `,`
`,`                     - The Princess Bride (book), by William Goldman `,`
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,` steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu `,`,`,`

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54424
From: chiu@io.nosc.mil (Francis Chiu)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

Brent Irvine (irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu) wrote:

: failed to mention the Davidians pouring kerosene all over and lighting it in
: plain view.

  Brent, I'm still waiting to see if there are any evidence of how the fire
got started, so I'm not going to tell you who did it...  As far as you keep
talking about the Davidians pouring kerosene all over, stop and *think*
for a second if it is possible the stove or lamp was knocked over and
started a fire, and the Davidians were pouring water on it (wrong solution
but I doubt I can do much better in their states of mind...) to try to
put it out?   

  By the way, just how far where you standing from the Davidians when you
saw them setting the place on fire?   Oh, in case you are new in town,
microwave ovens doesn't work very well when there's no electricty. :-0

  Get some *facts* before you post next time!

--F. Chiu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54425
From: strait@cheetah.csl.uiuc.edu (Jeffrey C. Strait)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5sv88.HJy@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:

> >> >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
> >>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> >> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day  
> >> in Texas. 
> >
> >Do YOU eat all your food cold?
> 
> Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
> Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.
> 

Microwaves don't work very well with no electricity Mr Engineer.

> -- 
> <><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
> <>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
> <><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

-- 
| Jeff Strait                       | strait@uicsl.csl.uiuc.edu        |
| University of Illinois            | PHONE: (217) 333-6444            |
| "If you ladies leave this island, if you survive basic recruit       |
| training, you will be a weapon, a minister of death praying for war" |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54426
From: earlw@apple.com (Earl Wallace)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

In article <1993Apr20.003522.22480@midway.uchicago.edu> thf2@midway.uchicago.edu writes:
>In article <1qvfik$6rf@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> cj195@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (John W. Redelfs) writes:
>>Now that Big Brother has rubbed out one minority religion in Waco, who is
>>next?  The Mormons or Jews?
>
>The Koreshians rubbed themselves out.  Neither Mormons nor Jews have a
>propensity for dousing themselves with kerosene, so I'm not particularly
>concerned.  (Or shall we blame Jim Jones on the government also?)
>...

Let's see if I have this straight.  A law is created that says "you can not
have a automatic weapon" and therefore it's ok for the government to use
any level of force to enforce that law.  Doesn't matter if the entire 
population of the planet is destroyed as long as that law is obeyed.

Do I read you correctly?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54427
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5sv88.HJy@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:

> >> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day  
> >> in Texas. 

> >Do YOU eat all your food cold?

> Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
> Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.

And they work especially well when the Feds have cut off your utilities.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54428
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5sv88.HJy@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent  
Irvine) writes:
> In article <1r1j3n$4t@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D.  
Tavares) writes:
> >In article <1r19tp$5em@bigboote.WPI.EDU>, mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael  
Frederick Rhein) writes:
> >
> >> >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
> >>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> >> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm  
day  
> >> in Texas. 
> >
> >Do YOU eat all your food cold?
> 
> Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
> Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.

Brent shows his ignorance once again.  Power had been cut for weeks.  And he's  
never lived in a rural area if he thinks electric stoves have favor there.   
They stop working when the power fails, and power restoration come MUCH slower  
in the country, than the city.  LP gas stoves and ovens are very much prefered.  
> 
> -- 
> <><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
> <>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
> <><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Jim

--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54429
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5sou8.LnB@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
writes:
> In article <1993Apr20.163730.16128@guinness.idbsu.edu> betz@gozer.idbsu.edu  
(Andrew Betz) writes:
> >In article <C5rynw.Iz8@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
writes:
> >>And I suppose the FBI also prevented them from coming out with their 
> >>hands up while national tv cameras watch.
> >>
> >Watch from where?  Two miles away?  Far enough away that whatever
> >really happenned must be explained through the vengeful filter of
> >a humiliated agency that said (quote!) "Enough is enough."
> 
> Please tell me what you think would have happened had the people 
> come out with their hands up several weeks ago.
> 
It didn't happen.

> >>scenario that is simplest and most plausible.  I do not generally 
> >>believe in conspiracy theories that involve complicated and unlikely 
> >>scenarios.
> >
> >The FBI sent letters to Martin Luther King's wife insinuating
> >that MLK was having an affair!  Again, please tell us exactly
> >how much you trust our supposedly benevolent government.
> 
> More than someone who would not release children from the compound.
> 
Obviously.  You are an authority worshiper.

> I.e., more than David Koresh/Vernon Howell/"Jesus Christ".
> I saw lengthy excerpts from an Australian documentary made in 
> 1992 that clearly showed that this was a cult.
> 

Give me a camera, and time with you, and I can present excerpts that show you  
to be a cult leader.  Guarenteed. You should at least view the whole  
documentary before you claim it as a source.


> I am not pleased with the BATF handling of the affair.  I think they 
> bungled it badly from the start.  But I don't think they are 
> responsible for the fire, which started in two different places.
> 

Two places, eh?  You saw this?  Or did the wonderful FBI tell you this?  
I saw one place.

> >>The BATF is by no means devoid of fault in the handling of this affair.
> >>But to suggest that they may have intentionally started the fire is 
> >>ludicrous.
> >
> >I suspect that there were plenty of camerapeople willing to
> >risk small arms fire to get some good footage.  These people
> >were told to get the hell out of camera range.  Why?
> >

Couldn't answer this one, eh?  This is the most important question of all, it  
is the root cause of all the other suspicion.

> >Drew 
> >--
> >betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
> >*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
> >*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
> >*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
> >    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium
> 
> 
> -- 
> 

Jim

--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54430
From: meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers)
Subject: Re: The 'pill' for Deer = No Hunting

In article <1qk3jm$9sh@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>In article <1993Apr14.221646.2332@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu>, jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
[ ... ]
>> 	Why are 'good' neighborhoods 'good' ? It isn't because every
>> 	person is armed to the teeth. It is because of (1) attitude
>> 	and (2) cooperation. In the 'good' neighborhoods, the residents
>> 	make themselves aware of their neighbors and notice when
>> 	strangers are lurking around. 'Good' neighborhoods form groups
>> 	like 'crime-watch' to increase this effect, and the relative
>> 	effectiveness of the police. When hostiles are arrested, the
>> 	good neighbors step up and say "THAT'S the one officer ! He
>> 	was robbing Mr. Jones' house". 
>
>Sometimes this works.  Sometimes it just lands your good neighbors 
>on the dance card for the next wave of drive-bys.  Someone here once
>told a story about LA gangs moving into Phoenix.  I've misplaced the

Here'a a copy, cdt:
------------------------------------------------------------------------
>Newsgroups: talk.politics.guns,ou.politics
>Path: dg-rtp!psinntp!uunet!sun-barr!ames!haven.umd.edu!darwin.sura.net!wupost!csus.edu!netcom.com!mvp
>From: mvp@netcom.com (Mike Van Pelt)
>Subject: The difference an armed civilian population makes
>Message-ID: <y52n_tc.mvp@netcom.com>
>Date: Thu, 17 Sep 92 23:42:42 GMT
>Organization: Netcom - Online Communication Services (408 241-9760 guest)
>References: <swood.716099748@vela>
>Lines: 84
>
>Along the lines of "The Armed Citizen", here's a story that
>some of you may find amusing.  It's a story about Arizona
>house-hunting, from Leslie Fish, musician and author...
>
>----
>     ... One of the reasons I'm planning to move to Arizona is that --
>despite its lousy economy, 4-way race problems, simmering religious
>problems and hopelessly bad government -- Arizona has one of the lowest
>violent- crime rates in the country. Is it just coincidence that
>Arizona is also one of the few remaining no-gun- control states in the
>country?
>
>    Well, consider this funny story. Last time I was in Phoenix,
>staying with Liz Burnham, I did some checking on the local real-estate
>market (that's when I discovered that, with my income -- as provable by
>my tax returns -- I can qualify for every low-income housing loan in
>the book, with the exception of VA), and I came across an astonishing
>ad in the local market-paper. It offered a three-bedroom house in the
>Phoenix area for -- are you ready for this -- all of $10,000. No money
>down. $100 per month total payments. Christ on a Harley-Davidson! I
>called up the real-estate office making this offer, made it clear that
>I was only checking the local market, and asked about that house. Were
>the walls, roof and foundation structurally sound? Yes. Were the
>plumbing and electrical systems functional and up to code? Yes. Did the
>air-conditioning system (an absolute necessity in Phoenix) work?  Yes,
>again.  Okay, so what was wrong with the house?  Well, it needed lots
>of plastering, painting, yard work, and some patching of the roof --
>and yes, low-interest repair loans were available.  Okay, sez I. If
>that's all that's wrong with it, just why are you selling a 3-bedroom
>house for all of $10,000? Well, squirms the agent, it's in kind of a
>bad neighborhood. How bad? sez I, remembering some of the neighborhoods
>I've seen in Chicago and Oakland.  Worst in the city, the agent sighs,
>and then he told me this amazing story.
>
>    Every few years, it seems, the big vice-gangs in Los Angeles notice
>that there's no gang presence in Phoenix -- which is just a quick
>5-hour drive from LA -- and get the idea of setting up a subsidiary
>there. Well, a couple years ago, the colonizing force came to this
>neighborhood -- it being poor and Spanish, they figured they could move
>right in and take over -- bought this house and started operations.
>Unfortunately for them, the neighbors not only didn't like this -- they
>didn't care for whores trotting up and down their streets all night,
>pimps soliciting their kids, dope- deals on the corners in broad
>daylight, and so on -- they weren't afraid to do something about it.
>The neighbors called the cops (for some reason, the Phoenix police are
>remarkably honest, capable, polite and prompt), and the cops promptly
>came and swept up all the whores, pimps and pushers off the street and
>away to jail. The remaining gang members decided to retaliate in the
>fashion they usually use in LA; they got the complainant's name and
>address off the court records, and did a drive-by shooting at his
>house.  Well, this wasn't Los Angeles. The moment the neighbors heard
>the first gunshots fired, they all ran out their front doors with their
>own guns -- rifles, shotguns, pistols, everything -- and shot back.
>
>    The car didn't make it to the end of the block. It coasted to a
>stop, riddled with more holes than the famous Bonnie and Clyde getaway
>car (which I've seen; it's on display in a casino in a casino in Las
>Vegas).  The gas tank and fuel lines had been ruptured, so the car
>caught fire. The neighbors waited a good 15 minutes -- making sure
>nobody got out of that car -- before they called the fire department to
>come put out the fire and tow the wreck away. By that time, the asphalt
>under the car had melted and caught fire too, which subsequently left a
>large and nasty pot-hole in the street. The city is slow about
>repairing small streets, so the hole stayed there providing a traffic
>hazard for several months. All this was two years ago, the agent
>concluded, and there's been no trouble since, but the house and the
>neighborhood still have a bad reputation -- and that's why the house
>was so cheap.
>
>    Hearing this story, I nearly laughed my ass off. I told the agent
>that if I had the money at the moment, I'd by-god buy the house; this
>was _nothing_ compared to bad neighborhoods I'd seen here in
>California, where drive-by shootings go unchecked by the well-armed
>cops, let alone by the unarmed neighbors. If that's the absolute worst
>you'll find in Phoenix, then that's the city for me.
>
>    That's the difference that an armed civilian population makes.
>Think about it.
>
>
>-- 
>Mike Van Pelt                                When guns are outlawed,
>mvp@netcom.com                               only Carl Rowan will have guns.
>mvp@hsv3.lsil.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54431
From: strait@cheetah.csl.uiuc.edu (Jeffrey C. Strait)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

In article <1r24bv$dif@apple.com>, earlw@apple.com (Earl Wallace) writes:

> >The Koreshians rubbed themselves out.  Neither Mormons nor Jews have a
> >propensity for dousing themselves with kerosene, so I'm not particularly
> >concerned.  (Or shall we blame Jim Jones on the government also?)
> >...

It is silly to make this statement.  Fifteen minutes after the fire
started, the "official word" out of FBI  headquaters in DC was
that the DV's committed suicide.  It would seem logical that the
lantern story has more credibility.  You can't even to pretend to
know for sure what happened... although Clinton is doing just that.

-- 
| Jeff Strait                       | strait@uicsl.csl.uiuc.edu        |
| University of Illinois            | PHONE: (217) 333-6444            |
| Impeach Klinton                                                      |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54432
From: popovich@cs.columbia.edu (Steve Popovich)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??

>What does this <censored> from NORWAY think he's doing telling us
>how to run the place?  I wanna know... somebody please 'splain.
>
>Guess how NORWAY survived the Third Reich?  Give you a hint,
>it wasn't by passive resistance the way the Danes did it....

I believe it had something to do with a politician whose name isn't
exactly the most complimentary word nowadays...one Vidkun Quisling.
We all know what a quisling is, right?  I'm sure everyone can come up
with a few examples right about now :->.
	-Steve

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54434
From: meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers)
Subject: Re: That silly outdated Bill (was Re: Koresh and Miranda)

In article <1993Apr15.165952.25970@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU> andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:
>In article <1qibs0$flk@vela.acs.oakland.edu> awesley@vela.acs.oakland.edu (awesley) writes:
[ ... ]
>>Actually, there was only one confirmed sniper to >die< in Detroit,
>>according to Sauter & Hines, _Nightmare in Detroit, A Rebellion & It's
>
>What sources did Sauter and Hines use?  In Congressional hearings
>later, the newspaper folk admitted that their reports were completely
>wrong.  (Some of their excuses are understandable, while others amount
>to gross negligence.  Then there's their "we lied".)  As far as I
>know, they never did the followup.

This, BTW, is normal behavior for newsie's.  The followup isn't "news" ...
--------
"I am pleased to accept Life Membership in the National Rifle Association
and extend to your organization every good wish for continued success."
                -- President John F. Kennedy, March 20, 1961

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54435
From: jdw@unislc.slc.unisys.com (James Warren)
Subject: Re: Reasonable (for criminals?) Civie Arms Limits

> In article <1993Apr19.223925.2342@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>A poster claims he 'always asks [anti-gunners] what they think would
>be reasonable personal firepower restrictions'. OK then ...
>
>Caliber : Not greater than 32
>Muzzle  : Not greater than 300 ft/lbs with any combo of bullet wt/vel
>Action  : Single shot rifles and single action revolvers 
>          Revolvers bearing no more than six rounds and incorporating
>          an 'anti-fanning' mechanism to discourage Roy Rogers wannabes.
>Bullets : Any non-explosive variety, HPs just fine.
>
>Now - these specs leave the 32 H&R magnum as about the most powerful
>allowable civie cartridge for handgun or rifle use. It would be
>reasonably effective against home intruders, muggers, rabid wolves
>and other such nasties, even with the firearm-type limitations. At the
>same time, this caliber/power limit would reduce the ultimate lethality
>of hits.

I suspect that you think that this is less lethal than the typical
"assault weapon".  You are wrong.  Compared to what most criminals use, a
9mm with military ammo (FMJs), or a military rifle (use is extremely
rare), .223 or 7.62mm with military ammo (FMJs), the .32 H&R magnum with
"civie" bullets is more lethal.  Most of the arms which criminals (and
the military) use are among the least lethal arms in existance.

What if we just punish the criminal and leave the law abiding citizen
alone?  It hasn't been tried in recient times, but it might work.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54436
From: barker@rigel.cs.pdx.edu (James Barker)
Subject: NRA address?

Could someone email me a USNail address for the NRA? I'd like to write them
a letter encouraging them to see to it VERY EMPHATICALLY that the 2nd
amendment is restored to the form that the founding fathers intended.

People like Howard Metzenbaum seem very intent on diluting the 2nd amendment
to the point where it is no effort for the governmentski to do what they
did in Waco.

After all, from what I know of the Federalist papers, it is this kind of
tyranny the 2nd amendment was supposed to be designed to protect against.

Honestly! M-60 tanks against the civilian population! Attack helicopters!

We need the right to keep and bear anti-tank weapons. Actually, if they
intend to mass armour against the (weakly-armed, at that) civilian population,
we need the right to field tactical nukes. Government tyranny! Who would
have ever thought it would happen here!

I wonder who'se house they'll run tanks through next, because the gov.
SUSPECTS child abuse. Maybe yours! Maybe mine!
And what is an Illegal Weapon (which they have yet to show us), if the
2nd amendment is designed to do what I believe it is, and the gov. uses
tanks against you? Government self-serving? Naaaah. Not here.

Time was when the U.S. used armour/attack helicopters against small countries.
Now, we're down to using them against to what amounts to a busload and a
half of civilians.

"First they came for the Jews, but I did not stop them, because I was
not a Jew: Then they came for the catholics, but I did not stop them
because I was not a catholic! Then they came for the lutherans, but
there was now no one left to stop them!" Rev. Martin Niemoller.
(probably didn't get it verbatim, but you get the idea).

If the NRA reads this, then never mind about the address.
God save us!

--James S. Barker
  Portland State University
  barker@cs.pdx.edu


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54437
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5t38G.IL@news.udel.edu>, roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
> In article <1r1rad$7rl@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
> >In article <C5s0Ds.J54@news.udel.edu>, roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
> 
>   [The original question was about who started the fire and whether the 
>    "madmen" were inside or outside the compound.  To which I replied on 
>    the possible sanity level of those inside and outside.]

Was THAT your argument.  Well, you didn't make it very well.  You started 
from the questionable premise that the fire was necessarily an act of
insanity, rather than an act of negligence or an accident.  Recall, one
survivor claims that the fire started when a tank knocked over a kerosene 
lamp.  Kind of makes arguments regarding relative sanity somewhat moot, no?

> >> According to an Australian documentary made in the year before the stand off 
> >> began, Koresh and his followers all believed he was Christ.  Koresh 
> >> had sex with children and women married to other men in the compound.  
> >> These were the "perfect children" resulting from the "great seed" of 
> >> his "magnified horn".  Ex-members describe him in ways not dissimilar 
> >> to the way Jim Jones has been described.
> >
> >Point noted.  Have you submitted YOUR faith and sex life for BATF clearance?
> >Better hurry; I believe the deadline was April 15.
> 
> I paid my taxes.  There was no reference to sex or religion on the form.

"Nice evasive maneuver, Mr. Chekov, but they're still on our tail."

Let me ask it more plainly.  Which of the above complaints about David 
Koresh's religious or sexual proclivities justified an armed raid by the 
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms?

> >> >:Two of the nine who escaped the compound said the fire was deliberately set 
> >> >:by cult members.

> >> So, when they talk to the news reporters directly, and relate the same details, 
> >> will you believe them?

> >Believe them?  I won't even RECOGNIZE them.  And neither will anyone else
> >who doesn't know them personally.

> Do you believe they would put impostors before the national tv cameras?

It's not entirely far-fetched.  Nobody outside the compound would know 
EVERYBODY inside the compound.  Don't forget, the BATF admits having 
agents inside the compound, in any case.

> At this point, we are getting conflicting reports from the survivors.
> Best wait til more light is shed upon them.  Of course, this is no 
> good if you believe in eternal darkness.

I'm simply being the devil's advocate.  There's reasonable doubt by the
boatload standing in the way of anybody totally swallowing the official 
government story on Waco.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54438
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
:mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider) writes:
:
:According to an Australian documentary made in the year before the stand off 
:began, Koresh and his followers all believed he was Christ.  Koresh 
:had sex with children and women married to other men in the compound.  
:These were the "perfect children" resulting from the "great seed" of 
:his "magnified horn".  Ex-members describe him in ways not dissimilar 
:to the way Jim Jones has been described.

I don't know how accurate the documentary was; however, Koresh was never
convicted of any crimes against children, nor was the BATF after him for
child abuse.  Their purview (in this case) is strictly in firearms violations,
so this information is irrelevant to the discussion.

:FBI agents have to pass rigorous psychological examinations and background 
:checks.  Plus, those in charge will undoubtedly have to explain their 
:decisions in great detail to congress.  Why would the FBI want to fulfill 
:Koresh's own prophecy?

Those in charge will undoubtedly have to explain *something*, but whether
their answers even remotely resembles the truth we may never know.  And who
is left alive to care whether the prophecy is fulfilled?  It only holds
meaning for the nine who survived.

:>Correction:  The *FBI* said that two of the cult members said this; so far,
:>no one else has been able to talk to them.
:
:So, when they talk to the news reporters directly, and relate the same 
:details, will you believe them?

*IF* they confirm the story, I probably will.  Definitely not until then, 
however.


Mike Ruff
-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54439
From: kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

From article <1993Apr18.000152.2339@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu>, by jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu:
> You are loosing.
> 
> There is no question about it. 
> 
> Of those who vote, your cause is considered an abomination. No matter
> how hard you try, public opinion is set against the RKBA. 

Only irrational fools such as yourself are set against RKBA.  There are
*plenty* of people who support it.

> This is the end. By the finish of the Clinton administration, your
> RKBA will be null and void. Tough titty.

The government will be overthrown *long* before that happens.  A *huge* 
millitia composed of all available men and women who care about their
country will defeat the forces of the evil Klintonistas.  The people
*will* prevail!

Oh, so you think armed citizens alone can't overthrow the government?
Consider this:  do you think *all* law enforcement officials and members
of the Armed Forces will turn against the people that they are entrusted
to serve?  Not hardly.  You can count on a lot of people in the Army,
Marines, Air Force, Navy, National Guard, police officers, and so on
joining in the cause to defend the liberties and freedoms of American
citizens.  COUNT ON IT!  THE GOVERNMENT WILL NOT BE ABLE TO DISARM
EVERYONE WITHOUT STARTING A CIVIL WAR!

> You had better discover ways to make do without firearms. The number of
> cases of firearms abuses has ruined your cause. There is nothing you
> can do about it. Those who live by the sword shall die by it. 
> 
> The press is against you, the public (the voting public) is against
> you, the flow of history is against you ... this is it !
> 
> Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect

Wrong again.  People will just hide their guns so these "officers"
(more like jack-booted stormtroopers) will not be able to find them.

> them. Resistance is useless. They will overwhelm you - one at a time.
> Your neighbors will not help you. They will consider you more if an
> immediate threat than the abstract 'criminal'. 

They will unless they are idiots.  They will realize that if they don't
then they will be *next* including you.  Believe me if what you describe
happens they will be coming for *more* than guns.  Disarming citizens
would require that everyone's cherished freedoms and liberties be
suspended temporarily.  More likely, they'd never be restored unless the
*people* do something about it.

> Too fucking bad. You have gone the way of the KKK. Violent solutions
> are passe'. Avoid situations which encourage criminals. Then you will
> be as safe as possible. Such as it is ...


Scott Kennedy,  Brewer and Patriot

Before:  "David Koresh is a cheap thug who interprets
          the Bible through the barrel of a gun..."  --ATF spokesman
After:   "[The ATF] is a cheap thug who interprets
          [the Constitution] through the barrel of a gun..."  --Me


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54440
From: kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT)
Subject: Re: 2ND AMENDMENT DEAD - GOOD !

From article <1993Apr18.001319.2340@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu>, by jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu:
> Yea, there are millions of cases where yoy *say* that firearms
> 'deter' criminals. Alas, this is not provable. I think that that
> there are actually *few* cases where this is so. 

It certainly is provable.  Around a million Americans every year defend
themselves with firearms.  In many of these cases the defender doesn't even
have to fire a shot!  The mere presence of a gun is oftentimes all the
deterrent that is needed.

I don't like violence anymore than anyone else does.  But, taking away the
right of Americans to keep and bear arms is not the solution to the violent
crime problem in this country.  If honest, law-abiding citizens are unable
to get firearms then they will be preyed on even more by criminals who will
be able to acquire guns through illegal channels.  Expect to start seeing
the crime syndicates who smuggle drugs into this country start smuggling
guns.  Believe me this will happen.  There is *plenty* of economic
incentive for gangsters to illegaly import guns into this country if guns
should be banned by the Klintonistas.

> The bulk of firarems are used against unworthy and unnesessary
> opponents ... those who posessa a cool jakcet you want, those who
> would argue with you about a parking space, those who would
> take your woman. In short, trivial and worthless causes.

Statistics, por favor?

> Too much of this has ruined you cause. There is no recovery. 
> In the near future, federal martials will come for your arms.
> No one will help you. You are more dangerous, to their thinking,
> than the 'criminal'. This is your own fault. 

See my previous post.  That ought to set you straight.

> The 2nd amendment is dead. Accept this. Find another way.

People have the right to keep and bear arms no matter what the
Constitution says.  That means that even if the 2nd Amendment is
repealed the *people* (that's all American citizens FYI) will *still*
have the right to keep and bear arms.


Scott Kennedy,  Brewer and Patriot

Before:  "David Koresh is a cheap thug who interprets
          the Bible through the barrel of a gun..."  --ATF spokesman
After:   "[The ATF] is a cheap thug who interprets
          [the Constitution] through the barrel of a gun..."  --Me


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54442
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5spov.LrE@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
writes:
> In article <1r0qsrINNc61@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De  
Arras) writes:
> >In article <C5s0Ds.J54@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
> >writes:
> >> I agree that they deserved a trial.  They had more than 40 days to come 
> >> out and get their trial.  They chose to keep the children with them and 
> >> to stay inside.  They chose to stay inside even after they were tear  
gassed.
> >> I do not find these actions rational.  Even Noriega was smart enough to 
> >> give up and go for the trial he deserved.
> >> 
> >
> >Mr. Roby, you are a government sucking heartless bastard.  
> 
> Unworthy of comment.

But apparently true.  My opinion, only, of course.

> 
> >Humans died  
> >yesterday, humans who would not have died if the FBI had not taken the 
> >actions  
> >they did.  That is the undeniable truth.  I cried for them.  
> 
> Nor would they have died if they had come out with their hands empty.
> That is undeniable truth.  

No, it is not.  It is possible the FBI planned for this to happen, and the  
gunfire heard was the FBI keeping the folks inside.  I'm not proposing this as  
the way it went down, but just to point out that it's not "undeniable" that if  
they walked out yesterday, they would be alive today.

> My heart bleeds just as much as yours for 
> the children who were never released given 51 days of ample opportunities 
> to do so.  My heart also bleeds for people so blinded by religious devotion 
> to not have the common sense to leave the compound when tanks came up 
> and started dropping in tear gas early in the morning.
> 

My heart "bleeds" for no one.  You are the "bleeding heart".  And I'm sure  
beyond any possible doubt that you do not feel for those people as I do.  You  
can not say the heartless things you have said if you did.

> >You seem to say  
> >they got what they deserved.
> 
> I do not think this.  However, if they did set the fire (which started in 
> more than one place and spread very quickly), then they got what they 
> wanted and put into motion themselves.

"they got what they wanted".  What kind of creature are you that you can  
believe this?
> 
> I see the BATF is going to be investigated by the Justice Dept. and likely 
> by Arlen Spectre and congress.  This is good.  They have bungled the affair 
> from the start.
> 

We agree on this.  Now lets have your God, the FBI, investigated, too.

> >Jim
> >--
> >jmd@handheld.com
>  
>------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
-
> >"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't  
rethought  
> >that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
> >"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was  
landed  
> >in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
> >WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777
> 
> 
> -- 
> 

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54443
From: yoony@aix.rpi.edu (Young-Hoon Yoon)
Subject: Re: Boston Gun Buy Back

mpetro@brtph126.bnr.ca (Myron Petro P030) writes:

>>Ron Miller wrote:
>>When you ask the question of the "authorities" or sponsors of buyback
>>programs whether they will check for stolen weapons and they answer
>>"no, it's total amnesty".
> (good point about registration schemes being used only for harassment deleted)

> I would also like to point out that this is receiving stolen property and is 
>no different than a pawn shop owner doing the same thing. 
> 
>  
>	Myron Petro
>	NRA, USPSA
>        DVC y'all
>	**************************************************************************
>	 The opinions included in this post are my sole responsibility.
>	 And are protected by the First Amendment and guarnteed by the 
>	 Second Amendment.  

An interesting idea consider:   
   At any locality where a buy-back program is being instituted, get a list
of guns they received and compare serial numbers with a list of stolen guns
and sue the people responsible for the program if those guns were destroyed.
Criminal charges can also be made.( Receiving stolen property, destruction of
private property etc.)


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54444
Subject: Is it really apples to apples?  (Lawful vs. unlawful use of guns)
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)

I have been convinced of the right of AMericans to an effective 
self-defense, but something strikes me as odd among the
pro-RKBA arguments presented here.

The numbers comparing hundreds of thousands (indeed, even a
million) of instances of law abiding citizens deterring
criminal activity, seem valid to me.  Likewise the number
of gun-caused homicides each year (about 11,000/year?).  However,
it is surprising that the "Evil AntiGun Empire " (Darth Vader
breathing sound effect here) never tries to compare
"All legitimate gun defenses" vs. "All gun crimes."  Instead, 
it's always "All legitimate gun defenses,"  which includes
cases in which the criminals are shot but not killed, and
cases in which the criminal is not here, vs. just 
criminal gun homicides, which only includes case sin which
the victim died.

Why is this?  Of course, it wouldn't be unreasonable to say
that in each crime already measured (involving guns), the
consequnces are already known and it is safe to assume that
a gun-based bank robbery last week will not suddenly turn
into a gun-basd robbery+homicide.  Whereas in the legitimate
gun defenses, one may assume that all those criminals who
were deterred would have committed more crime or more
serious crimes had they not been deterred.

-Case Kim

kim39@husc.harvard.edu


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54446
From: jim.wray@yob.sccsi.com (Jim Wray)
Subject: My Gun is like my Ame


Mark Wilson responding to C.D. Tavares:


MW>|So the laws exist, and the penalties are as you say, but nobody is ever
MW>|prosecuted under these laws.  They are "traded away" for easy pleas.

MW>Having such gun laws on the books is still better than nothing.
MW>What would the DA have traded away in order to get the guilty plea if the
MW>gun law had not been in effect.

Our liberty?

Right...don't even think about enforcing the law and imposing the prescribed
penalty....let's hose the citizens instead.
---
 . OLX 2.2 . Madness takes its toll - please have exact change
                            
----
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Ye Olde Bailey BBS   713-520-1569 (V.32bis) 713-520-9566 (V.32bis)     |
|   Houston,Texas          yob.sccsi.com       Home of alt.cosuard       |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54447
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <93105.215548U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz  
<U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
> In article <1993Apr15.202811.29312@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>,
> andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:
> >
> >>I have been at a shooting range where
> >>gang members were "practicing" shooting.
> >
> >How do "we" know that they were gang members and not undercover cops
> >or even law-abiding menacing minorities.  BTW - Why the sneer quotes?
> >
> "We" know because the area that the gun shop/shooting range is in is right on
> the border of the west side of Chicago.  That is a gang infested area.  There
> are many, many bad things going on in that area.  Also, I have several  
friends
> that live very close to that area who have had problems with some of these
> folks.  By the way, where did I say that they were minorities?  

That was what I got from your phrasing, too.  Well, then, were they (the ones  
you saw) black?  You don't deny seem to deny it, either.

> Do you think
> that only minorities have gangs?  Not so.  As far as the quotes are concerned
> it was totally obvious that they weren't just practicing for marksmanship.  I
> don't know about you but I have never seen anyone else practice marksmanship  
by
> taking their gun out of their coat as fast as possible and start shooting.

That is the recommended way to practice with a CCW, too.  Aim alone is no good  
for defense, if you can't get the gun rapidly.

>  If
> you would have been there Andy it would've been obvious to you too.  

What, outside of prejudice, would have made it obvious?

> Of course
> it might not have been.  Who knows.  All I do know is that I was there, I  
live
> here and I know that they were gang bangers.  When you live here long enough  
it
> becomes pretty easy to spot them via gang colors, gang signs, etc.  

Yes, prejudice is more subtle in the north, isn't it?

> One last
> thing.  My sister is a social worker.  She makes it her point to find these
> things out (gang signs, colors, etc) because it is in her best interest to do
> so.  She is nice enough to let me know these things so I can watch out for
> myself as I live right on the border of the west side of the city. Enough  
said.
> 

More than enough.  I understand you completely.

> Jason

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54448
From: scottj@magic.dml.georgetown.edu (John L. Scott)
Subject: Luser!

Awesley wrote:
  That was the entire point to *you*.  What exactly did I claim?
     --------------------------------------------------
    "I've heard eye-witness descriptions of tanks using their main guns
  to respond to sniper fire.  Quite effectively."
     --------------------------------------------------
  
    I wasn't wrong . . . I've heard those descriptions.  If you're
  paying attention, I've mentioned that I saw the tanks with my own
  eyes, but the main gun firing was an account I heard.  That helps
  people judge whether or not to kick in the, to use your words,
  "bullshit filters".  Stating that I *claimed* this is a falsehood.
  
Later in the same post:
     Another part of my memories was that while most damaged building
  were burnt, some were in rubble.  Based on what I remember, I was and
  am inclined to believe an old sarge or two.

Fine, *now* you are stating that you believe their claims (or that you are
"inclined" to.  See below for a stronger statement of your beliefs).  Those
claims are still ludicrous, however.

Previously Awesley had written:
  You can also read of the troops using grenade launchers.

Prompting me to write:
  To fire fragmentary grenades?  I doubt that as well.  To fire concussion
  grenades?  Perhaps.  To fire tear gas?  Certainly.  But you would be
  perfectly willing to let us believe they fired frags, wouldn't you, since
  it makes your other claim seem more plausible.

To which Awesley replied:
  John, again, strawman techniques.  Do you feel you're losing it so you
  have to stretch what I said and knock that down?  What I read said
  nothing about what they fired.  And so I put nothing in there.  If you
  need some help, let me know and I'l take your side of this for a
  while.  You're not scoring here, you're boring here.

But why did you mention grenade launchers at all?  Because it supports the
notion that the tanks shelled buildings.  And it supports that notion
because it conjures images of troops launching fragmentary grenades.  But
that too is ludicrous.

I wrote:
  If tanks had fired their main guns in Detroit, people would have been
  screaming about it for the past two and half decades.  I would know about
  it. 

Awesley relied:
     Glad to know you're such an expert.  Nice to hear some an
  authority.  I especially appreciate your basis of knowledge -- if it
  had happened, you would have know it.  Since you are such an
  authority, you probably know that people did scream about an alleged
  massive cover-up in the number of people killed in the Detroit riot.
  Some claimed 100+ dead, others said 300.  The offical number is 43 but
  the Concise Columbia Encyclopedia says it was "several".  I've also
  heard some things about that but I won't dare repeat them.  You'd
  assert that I claimed they were truth.

Yes, if it happened I would have heard about it.  Everybody would have. 
Army tanks don't fire their cannons in American cities in the 1960's
without it becoming common knowledge, without minority leaders seizing on
it and condemning it over and over again, without civil libertarians saying
"this has gone far enough."  So, yes, my never hearing of it was the basis
for my disbelieving the claim.  Now I have more reasons to disbelieve it. 
Not one poster has written to say, yes, I lived in Detroit at that time and
everybody knew that the tanks had fired shells.  This is the UseNet.  If it
had happened, somebody here would remember it.  Furthermore, your own
research failed to come up with any support for the claim.  The claim is
extraordinary and it has no supporting evidence, extraordinary or not. 
Unless you count the brags of a couple of guardsmen shooting the shit.  I
do not.

I wrote:
  Unless you also claim that the National Guard managed to cover it up. 

Awesley wrote:
     Taking the tour after the riots, it was pretty easy to tell the 
  difference between Army and Guard troops.  Or so I recall from 26 
  years ago.  And I seem to recall it was the Army running the tanks.
  So it would have been an Army cover-up.

Quibble.  Fine, it was an Army cover-up.  Six years in the Reserves has
taught me the difference also.  But do you think that in two and half
decades not one guilt-ridden participant has come forward and said "yes, I
shelled Americans," or "I gave the orders to fire the cannons," or "I
helped cover it up"?

I wrote:
  If your mind is open enough to believe that, well, good for you.  I
prefer
  to live in reality.   And here in reality, I find it hard to believe that
  those tanks even had any shells, much less fired them.

Awesley replied:
    Given the level in destruction in Detroit, I'm quite willing to believe
  that they did fire their guns.

Good.  Then we can drop the junk about you not claiming that they did. 
Your belief fails a basic reality check: why isn't it known?

Awesley concludes:
     Now then, we've bored the shit out of anyone whose bothered to read
  this far and all you've managed to say is that you don't believe the
  account I cited.

Actually, now we have established that I don't believe what you believe, as
well as why I don't believe it.  And if it's boring, then I yield the last
word to you, if you want it.  You may say anything you like with
impunity--I am dropping the subject.

--John L. Scott

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54449
From: scottj@magic.dml.georgetown.edu (John L. Scott)
Subject: Apology (was: Luser!)

I was shocked to see that the subject of my last rely to awesley was
"Luser!"  That was certainly not my intention.  I meant to leave the
subject line unchanged.  I believe that the NNTP server I use at columbia
must have put in that subject line in protest over problems with my header.
 That was rather rude of them, but beggars can't be choosers, I suppose.

In any case, I didn't do it and I apologize to awesley for the apparent
insult.

--John L. Scott

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54450
From: rubinoff+@cs.cmu.edu (Robert Rubinoff)
Subject: Re: Gritz/JBS/Liberty Lobby/LaRouche/Christic Insitute/Libertarian/...

In article <93105.230230U23590@uicvm.uic.edu> <U23590@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>Note that Bo Gritz was on the Populist party ticket with David
>Duke (for veep) in 1988 until he found out that Duke was leading
>he ticket, when he withdrew his candidacy.  So Gritz gave up his
>chance to be Vice President of the US just to aviod supporting
>Duke.

I'd hardly call that "giving up his chance to be Vice President of the US";
the chance of the Populist Party ticket winning is essentially nil.  Still,
it does imply that he doesn't want to be associated with Duke.

  Robert




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54451
From: mjp@austin.ibm.com  (Michael Phelps)
Subject: Re: Is it really apples to apples?  (Lawful vs. unlawful use of guns)


In article <1993Apr16.092618.22936@husc3.harvard.edu>,
kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim) writes:
|> I have been convinced of the right of AMericans to an effective 
|> self-defense, but something strikes me as odd among the
|> pro-RKBA arguments presented here.
|> 
|> The numbers comparing hundreds of thousands (indeed, even a
|> million) of instances of law abiding citizens deterring
|> criminal activity, seem valid to me.  Likewise the number
|> of gun-caused homicides each year (about 11,000/year?).  However,
|> it is surprising that the "Evil AntiGun Empire " (Darth Vader
|> breathing sound effect here) never tries to compare
|> "All legitimate gun defenses" vs. "All gun crimes."  Instead, 
|> it's always "All legitimate gun defenses,"  which includes
|> cases in which the criminals are shot but not killed, and
|> cases in which the criminal is not here, vs. just 
|> criminal gun homicides, which only includes case sin which
|> the victim died.
|> 
|> Why is this?  Of course, it wouldn't be unreasonable to say
|> that in each crime already measured (involving guns), the
|> consequnces are already known and it is safe to assume that
|> a gun-based bank robbery last week will not suddenly turn
|> into a gun-basd robbery+homicide.  Whereas in the legitimate
|> gun defenses, one may assume that all those criminals who
|> were deterred would have committed more crime or more
|> serious crimes had they not been deterred.

I think its an attempt to show lives_saved v lives_lost; all other
 gun related crimes don't result in lives_lost.  On the other hand,
 its impossible to know how many of the successful self defenses 
 prevented lives from being lost.  In other words, the lives_lost
 is pretty clear [its the homicide and non negligent manslaughter
 number], while the lives saved is some percentage of the successful 
 self defenses.  Clearly that percentage doesn't have to be real 
 high to show that lives_saved > lives_lost.

As a semi-related point, check out Kleck's "Point Blank".  I believe
 it goes into some related areas; it also is well written and informative. 

|> 
|> -Case Kim
|> 
|> kim39@husc.harvard.edu
|> 

-- 
Michael Phelps, (external) mjp@vnet.ibm.com ..
                (internal) mjp@bwa.kgn.ibm.com .. mjp at kgnvmy         
 (and last but not least a disclaimer)  These opinions are mine..       

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54452
From: crrob@sony1.sdrc.com (Rob Davis)
Subject: Re: Insane Gun-toting Wackos Unite!!!


  fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary @ University of Colorado, Boulder):

>I don't know about animal attacks, but there are 23,500 murders
>each year and under 500 die in the manner you suggest. If only
>2.1% of the murders were killings by "wacko"s, you would be
>wrong. Worse, there are also 102,500 rapes and 1,055,000 aggravated
>assaults each year. These numbers make violent attacks, and
>preventing them, thousands of times more significant than the
>accidents you are worried about.
 
 These stats are invalid; we're talking BACKCOUNTRY. These stats for
 rapes/assaults/deaths do not represent the backcountry singularly; the
 great majority represent urban incidents. You should have pointed this out.

  -Rob

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54453
From: jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1993Apr16.010235.14225@mtu.edu>, cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter) writes:
-> > This mention of a well regulated militia is what confuses me.  According
-> > to the Federalist Paper's, a well regulated militia has a well defined 
-> > structure and follows nationally uniform regulations.
-> 
-> Perhaps you should actually READ the Federalist Papers!!

Perhaps you should, reread Federal 29 which deals exclusively with the
"well regulated malitia."  Here is what is says about its character:

	 To oblige the great body of the yeomanry, and of the other classes
	 of the citizens, to be under arms for the purpose of going through
	 military exercises and evolutions, as often as might be necessary to
	 acquire the degree of perfection which would entitle them to the
	 character of a well-regulated militia, 

It also talks about the "well regulated militia" having a nationally
uniform in structure and disipline.  

I will note you did quote the end of this particular paragraph which states:

    	Little more can reasonably be aimed at, with
	respect to the people at large, than to have them properly armed
	and equipped; and in order to see that this be not neglected, it
	will be necessary to assemble them once or twice in the course of
	a year.

But, do you knew how much organization is required to training a large
group of poeple twice a year.  Just to try to get the same people
every year, provide a basic training to new people so they can
be integrated into the force, and find a suitable location, it 
requires a continually standing committee of organizers.  

Since a well regulate militia is nationally uniform in structure and
disipline, and meet once or twice a year to train, how can you claim
a "well regulated militia" is not well organized.  But I will concide 
a "well organized militia" is not necessarily a "well regulated militia." 

Several people have stated that the "well organized militia" is
what is defined under 10 USC 311, which states

	The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied 
	males at least 17 years of age and, except as provided in 
	section 313 of title 32, under 45 years of age who are, 
	or who have made a declaration of intention to become, 
	citizens of the United States and of female citizents of 
	the United States who are commissioned officers of the 
	National Guard.

This deos define the militia, but were is the adjective "well regulated."
10 USC 311 does not define a "well regualed militia" in any way, shape, 
or form.  It only defines who can become part of a well regulated militia
The Federalist Papers CLEARLY define the "well regualed militia" as a
proper SUBSET of the militia.  In the same paragraph quoted above, it
talk above "disciplining all the militia of the United States" so they
fit the "character of a well-regulated militia."  This is what the
paragraph states about the associated costs:

	It would form an annual deduction from the productive labor 
	of the country, to an amount which, calculating upon the 
	present numbers of the people, would not fall far short 
	of the whole expense of the civil  establishments of all 
	the States. To attempt a thing which would abridge the 
	mass of labor and industry to so considerable an extent,
	would be unwise: and the experiment, if made, could not 
	succeed, because it would not long be endured.


Another quote provide by Charles Scripter is:
James Madison, Federalist Paper 41 (regarding the "General Welfare" clause): 
	"Nothing is more natural nor common than first
	to use a general phrase, and then to explain and qualify it by a
	recital of particulars."

So the phrase "the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall 
not be infringed" must either qualify or explain the phrase "a well 
regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state."  
The definition of "explain" as stated in "The American Hertitage
Dictionary of the Enlish Language" The New College Edition, 1982 is:
	1) To make plain or comprehensible; remove obscruity from;
	   elucidate: "It was the economists who undertook to explain 
	   this puzzle"
	2) To define; explicate; expound: He explained his plan.
	3) To offer reasons for or a cause of; an answer for' justify:
	   explain an error
The second phrase clearly does not "explain" the first, therefore
the second phrase must "qualify" the first.  The definition given
for "qualify" is:
	1) To describe by enumerating the characteristics or qualities
	   of; characterize.
	2) To make competent or suitable for office, position, or 
	   task.
	3) To give legal power to; make legally capable.
	4) To modify, limit, or restrict, as giving exceptions.
	5) To make less harsh or severe; moderate
	6) Grammar: To modify the meaning of (a word or phrase)
Since "the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be
infringed" does not describe, modify or make less harsh anything and
it has nothing to do with grammar or some sort of position or task.
By process of elimination it must fall into definition #3.  And since
#3 deals with legal power, the same thing the Constitution does, it
must be the correct definition in this case.  Therefore, "the right 
of the people to keep and bear Arms" gives legal power to the "well 
regualated militia" and this legal power "shall not be infringed".  

I thank you very much Mr Scripter, you have provided me with more 
evidence that the Second Amendment only concerns itseft with the 
people's right to form well regulate militia, and says very little 
about the right of an untrained person to "keep and bear" a .50 caliber
machine gun.  And since I, totally untrained in the use of any firearm
(something I personly have meant to correct by going to a NRA gun
safety course and joining a gun club), cannot legally buy such a machine
gun, I conclude the courts and democraticly elected congress agree with
me.

-> So now we know which category Mr. Rutledge is in; He means to destroy
-> our Liberties and Rights.

I mean "to destory our Liberties and Rights."  Is that why a participate
in the discussion of exactly what "our Libertues and Rights" are?  I 
force my version of "our Liberties and Rights" by begining statements
of what "our Liberties and Rights" with "All that the Second Amendment 
clearly states to me."   Using expressions, such as "states to me," 
clearly mean I intend to force my views on others?  I don't think so.

So in effort not to force my views and not "to destory our Liberties and
Rights,"  I state that nothing I have written, or will write, in
the matter of "Liberties and Rights" is the final word.  For I am only
one person among many and the final word on "Liberties and Rights" cleary
and irrevocably belongs to the many.
 
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
|                             |  "If only it were a modern document, with a   |
| John Lawrence Rutledge      | smart index and hyper links stretching all    |
| Research Assistant          | through the world data net.  It was terribly  |
|                             | frustrating to flip back and forth between    |
| Interactive Media Group     | the pages and crude flat illustrations that   |
| Computer Science Department | never even moved.  Nor were there animated    |
| UMass - Lowell              | arrows or zoom-ins.  It completely lacked a   |
| 1 University Ave.           | for sound.                                    |
| Lowell, MA 01854            |  "Most baffling of all was the problem of new |
|                             | words...  In normal text you'd only have to   |
| (508) 934-3568              | touch an unfamiliar word and the definition   |
| jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu     | would pop up just below."                     |
|                             |                    from David Brin's "Earth"  |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54454
From: ernie@ferris (Ernest Smith)
Subject: Re: Handgun Restrictions

>To: bbs.billand@tsoft.net
>Subject: Re: Handgun Restrictions
>Newsgroups: talk.politics.guns
>In-Reply-To: <ow522B2w165w@tsoft.net>
>Organization: Cray Research, Inc.
>Cc: 
>Bcc: 
>
In article <ow522B2w165w@tsoft.net> you write:
>I would like to know what restrictions there are on purchasing handguns 
>(ie waiting periods, background check etc..) in the states of Nevada and 
>Oregon. Thanks.
>                                                -Bill
>
>--
>Bill Anderson (bbs.billand@tsoft.net)


In Oregon your must get a background check (ie fingerprints, full slap), 15
day waiting period. That is unless you have a CCW then all requirments
have been meet.

		Ernie Smith
		ernie@oregon.cray.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54455
From: crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com (Ron Phillips)
Subject: Re: Armed Citizen - April '93

In article <1993Apr13.162304.16721@lds.loral.com>, kendall@lds.loral.com (Colin Kendall 6842) writes:
|> In article <1993Apr5.164728.10847@dazixco.ingr.com> crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com writes:
|> >
|> >THE ARMED CITIZEN
|> >+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
|> >Mere presence of a firearm, without a shot being fired, prevents
|> >crime in many instances, as shown by news reports sent to The
|> >Armed Citizen.  
|> 
|> Perhaps so, but note that of the accounts cited, there was only
|> one in which no shot was fired. Of the other twelve, five
|> described cases in which the assailant was wounded by a shot,
|> and six described cases in which the assailant was killed by a
|> shot.

And, had not these citizens accepted the moral responsibility to
protect their own lives, there could well have been at least
13 innocent victims lying dead and several criminals still out 
walking the streets perpetrating their crimes on others.



-- 
**************************************************************
* Ron Phillips               crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com *
* Senior Customer Engineer                                   *
* Intergraph Electronics                                     *
* 381 East Evelyn Avenue               VOICE: (415) 691-6473 *
* Mountain View, CA 94041              FAX:   (415) 691-0350 *
**************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54456
From: graham@cs.washington.edu (Stephen Graham)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1qicep$obf@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>In article <1993Apr14.232806.18970@beaver.cs.washington.edu>, graham@cs.washington.edu (Stephen Graham) writes:
>> In article <1qhpcn$b12@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>> >As far as "John Q. Public with a gun," the Supreme Court has already
>> >ruled in cases such as US v. Miller (307 U.S. 175 (1939)), and US v.
>> >Verdugo-Urquidez (110 S. Ct. 1839 (1990)) that that is EXACTLY what 
>> >the amendment protects.  This interpretation can be found as far back
>> >as the Dred Scott case, in 1857.
>> 
>> It's worth noting that US vs. Miller sustained Miller's conviction
>> of possession of an illegal firearm, noting that a sawed-off shotgun
>> was not a proper militia weapon. 
>
>No, they noted that no one had CLAIMED that it was a proper militia
>weapon (despite having been used in at least two wars).  This was true,
>since neither Miller nor his lawyer appeared before the Court.

Did they or did they not sustain Miller's conviction? I don't have the
text of the case handy. 

Yes, shotguns had been used in WWI, the Spanish-American War, and the
US Civil War. That was not in question. The possession of a sawed-off
shotgun was, i.e., a weapon altered to improve concealibility.

>> Therefore, US vs. Miller supports limited government regulation of 
>> firearms.
>
>Don't go arguing down this road unless you are willing to abide by 
>the consequences that you find at the end of it -- mainly, that the
>law-abiding common man has a right to own any weapon that has a militia 
>purpose, from handguns to sawed-off shotguns and fully automatic weapons.
>That, in fact, is what this decision says.

You are free to produce evidence that I'm not willing to abide with
all the implications of this. 

Just because I don't whole-heartedly endorse the NRA position does not
mean that I oppose the RKBA. This attitude is what makes the NRA
unpopular.

-- 
Stephen Graham
graham@cs.washington.edu	 uw-beaver!june!graham

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54457
From: fjk6478@ritvax.isc.rit.edu (Fred)
Subject: Re: Luser!

>
>Actually, now we have established that I don't believe what you believe, as
>well as why I don't believe it.  And if it's boring, then I yield the last
>word to you, if you want it.  You may say anything you like with
>impunity--I am dropping the subject.
>
>--John L. Scott



How very kind of you!




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54458
From: bjones@convex.com (Brad Jones)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks


>In article <1qkcok$s9i@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>, ci946@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (John K. Gever) writes:

>|> 
>|> Does anybody reading this group have an actual, honest-to-God
>|> experience with violent crime in the backcountry to tell about?
>|> 

It was around 1969 in the Shenandoah Valley near Woodstock, Virginia.  Me,
my wife, a friend, his wife, and his 2 kids were hiking in a totally
desolate mountain area.  All of a sudden, large rocks began raining down
on us.  Looking up, we saw at least 3 punks gleefully letting loose rocks
from what was an obvious stash.  They were a couple hundred feet above us.
Meanwhile, the women and kids were screaming and running for cover and the
punks were shrieking with laughter.  Me and my friend yelled for them to
knock it off.  They responded that we should "Get f***ed!".  Me and my
friend drew our pistols and fired a couple of times into the trees above
their heads.  They ran.  With no more 3-5 pound rocks coming at our heads,
we proceeded on our journey.

Sorry, but me and my friend saw no need to let it evolve to a more
"violent" level than we were already experiencing.  I guess we should
have tried harder to understand and cope with the anger that society
had instilled in them and was driving them to do such things.  Guess
that's a cross I'll have to bear.

Brad

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54460
From: yoony@aix.rpi.edu (Young-Hoon Yoon)
Subject: Re: Gun Talk -- Legislative Update for States

viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson) writes:

>lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:

>>IOWA:  All firearm related bills are dead.  Senate File 303
>>dealing with off-duty police officers carrying concealed remains
>>viable.

>	The *POWER* of the word processor and a stamp at work.
>The fact that around here the state rep generally lives no more than
>nine miles from any constituent doesn't hurt, either.

>< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
><  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
><     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
><                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >


Does anyone know the particulars on the Senate File 303?
Does this bill allow or deny off-duty police from carrying concealed?

From what information that I have, Iowa has a discretionary permit policy
on CCW.  If S 303 allows police(off-duty) to carry concealed then I would
be inclined to oppose it.  I don't believe off-duty police officers should
have any more rights than civilians.  If law or policy prevents law-abiding
citizens from being armed for self defense then why should off-duty police
officer be treated any differently.  

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54462
From: clay@rsd.dl.nec.com (Clay Finley)
Subject: Re: Carrying Arms

|> In article <1993Apr5.220457.6800@spdc.ti.com> dwhite@epcot.spdc.ti.com (Dan White) writes:
|> 
|> >However, haven't we already lost our right to bear arms?
|> 
|> >	It seems that in most states, like Texas, a citizen may own a
|> >gun and carry while at his home or business.  But a citizen is severely
|> >restricted from bearing outside these areas.  Here in Texas you cannot
|> >carry in your car except when "traveling" which is usually defined as
|> >"traveling across a county line."  How did this come about?  Are there
|> >any court rulings on the legality of restricting the carrying of a
|> >weapon outside the home?  
|> 

In Texas, it is legal to carry handguns while "traveling", and also to and from
sporting activities.           ^^^^^^^^

Chapter 46 of the Texas State Penal Code does NOT restrict long guns.
Therefore, it is legal to carry and transport long guns any place in Texas.

Regards,
Clay


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54463
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:
:An 'edu'er not towing the "party" line, thank you!
:
:Jim

You're welcome!  ;)  Actually, I'm probably something of an outcast, because
I've committed the ultimate college-student heresy:  I'm not a liberal.
(This is NOT liberal-bashing.)


Mike
-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54464
From: wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <nate.1485.735408842@psygate.psych.indiana.edu> nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle) writes:
><34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
>>Ah yes, I see a few liberal weenies have come out of the woodwork
>>to defend the burning of the children.
>
>    Actually all the liberals I've seen have deplored the burning of 
>children. I would far preferred that the Davidians had not set the 
>fire that burned themselves and their children to death, but I don't 
>believe that the responsibility for the fire (or the almost complete 
>absense of attempts to escape the blaze) can be placed at the door of 
>the Federal authorities.
>
So far, there is NO credible evidence that the BD's set the fires
themselves. We only have the ATF/FBI's sayso. Law enforcements type
would *never* lie to cover their ass, right?

>>Probably drooled all over themselves while watching the TV coverage.
>
>    Not so. My wife got me a convenient plastic "drip pan" for Christmas...
>
>>Probably had a few like that in Nazi Germany, as well.
>
>    Yeah, those Nazis. You know how we liberals just love those Nazis.

No, not love, just share a surprising similarity of beliefs and
method.

>>Oh yeah, ATF/FBI now claims, according the the media, that there are
>>a few survivors. The number seems to vary minute by minute.
>
>    Yeah, as information trickles in... funny how that works...

Funny, yeah, funny how you didn't wait for the FBI spokesdroid 
latest reversal of "facts" before proclaiming the BD's burned
themselves to death.


>Nathan Engle                        Software Juggler
>Psychology Department               Indiana University
>nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu      nengle@silver.ucs.indiana.edu


-- 
 +   Wayne J. Warf -- WWARF@ucs.indiana.edu -- I speak for myself only   +
 |*Clinton*Gore*CIA*FBI*DEA*Assassinate*Bomb*WoD*BoR*ATF*IRS*Resist*NSA* |
 |*Christian*God*Satan*Apocalypse*ZOG*Nazi*Socialist*Communist*Explosive*|
 +*fundamentalist*revolution*NSC*Federal Reserve*Constitution*gold*FEMA* +

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54466
From: <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

Ah yes, I see a few liberal weenies have come out of the woodwork
to defend the burning of the children. Probably drooled all over themselves
while watching the TV coverage.

Probably had a few like that in Nazi Germany, as well.

Oh yeah, ATF/FBI now claims, according the the media, that there are
a few survivors. The number seems to vary minute by minute.




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54467
From: <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>
Subject: Re: Who's next? Mormons and Jews?

As a minor point of interest, earlier news reports claim to have
been quoting the Governor of Texas when Her Holiness referred to
the Dividians as _Mormons_ and called for their expulsion
from TX. Any Texans have details?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54468
From: blake@nevada.edu (Rawlin Blake)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

In article <1993Apr21.160642.12470@ringer.cs.utsa.edu> whughes@lonestar.utsa.edu (William W. Hughes) writes:
>From: whughes@lonestar.utsa.edu (William W. Hughes)
>Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1
>Date: Wed, 21 Apr 1993 16:06:42 GMT
>In article <feustelC5tw49.7p5@netcom.com> feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:
>>I predict that the outcome of the study of what went wrong with the
>>Federal Assault in Waco will result in future assaults of that type
>>being conducted as full-scale military operations with explicit
>>shoot-to-kill directives.
>
>You mean they aren't already? Could have fooled me.
>
>
>-- 
>                            REMEMBER WACO!
>     Who will the government decide to murder next? Maybe you?
>[Opinions are mine; I don't care if you blame the University or the State.]

Well, it seems we don't learn the lessons of history do we?

I was hoping that Kent State taught us a lesson.

Apparently not.

Apparently the government will murder anyone they choose to still.

---
Rawlin Blake    blake@nevada.edu

No .sig is a good .sig

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54469
From: tomgift@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu (Tom Gift)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu (Jason 'Think!' Steiner) writes:


>> Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
>> Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.

>oh, i see. electricity is a natural right & our wonderful government
>would -never- cut off the power to the people they were besieging.
>are you really this dumb, or just acting like it for the sake of
>argument?

>jason

No, they didn't have electrical power, but no, I don't find the idea of
Davidians calmly cooking lunch with gas masks on as the FBI knocks the
buildings down very credible,either.

It's not like this whole discussion is relevant.  It started when some-
one made the wholly unsubstantiated allegation that the wood stove ig-
nited NAPALM the FBI shot into the buildings.

I'm not a groveling apoligist for the feds, far from it.  But wild ac-
cusations like this are ridiculous and obfuscate legitimate criticism of
their conduct in this whole affair.

Tom Gift
tomgift@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54470
From: dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

NUT CASE PANICS!!!!REALIZES HE'S MADE A COMPLETE FOOL OF HIMSELF IN FRONT OF
THOUSANDS OF NETTERS!!!!BACKS AWAY FROM EARLIER RASH STATEMENTS!!!!GOD HAVE
MERCY ON HIM!!!!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54471
From: diederic@spot.Colorado.EDU (Andrew Diederich)
Subject: Re: Ax the ATF

 
>A few comments on the ATF's botched handling of this case:
 
>Dan S.

  And another one:

Hasn't enyone heard of a leader's recon?  This is when the leader of the
assult goes and looks at the objective to see if anything has changed that
would affect the mission.  Even the Freshman cadets here in ROTCland
know about them.  Mostly because they know it as the part where they 
lie on the cold ground for an hour or so, but they've heard about it.
Maybe the ATF should have hired out to the local ROTC guys!


-- 
Andrew Diederich                    diederic@spot.colorado.edu

These opinions are only mine on alternate Tuesdays.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54472
From: gs26@prism.gatech.EDU (Glenn R. Stone)
Subject: Impeach Clinton, Reno


Fact:  Both Janet Reno and Bill Clinton have admitted responsibility,
       even grief, over the deaths in Waco.

Fact:  Regardless of who started the fire, there are more than enough
       things on tape to make a civil rights case against these two.
       Cruel and unusual punishment (dying tortured rabbits on tape?)
       come to mind.  

Fact:  It is a federal felony to infringe civil rights under color of
       law; where death is involved, this offense carries a penalty
       of life in prison.

Fact:  Impeachment is allowable for "high crimes and misdemeanors."
       Anything that's a federal felony should qualify.

Conclusion:  We have NO CHOICE, if we are an honest people, but to 
             impeach Mr. Clinton, and remove Reno from office.

Glenn R. Stone (glenns@eas.gatech.edu)
wearer of asbestos underoos

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54473
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
:mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
:
:> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day
:> in Texas. 
:
:Do YOU eat all your food cold?

Thank you for pointing out the obvious to people who so clearly missed it.
I can't stand it when people's first reaction is to defend the aggressor.

Mr. Tavares, you have a unique and thoughtful way of getting to the heart
of the matter, and I thank you for putting it to good use.

Mike Ruff


-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54474
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
:glenns@eas.gatech.edu writes:
:>Hey, gang, it's not about duck hunting, or about dark alleys,
:>it's about black-clad, helmeted and booted troops storming
:>houses and violating civil rights under color of law. 
:>
:>Are YOU ready to defend YOUR Constitution?
:
:Its also about crazy fatigue clad survivalist types blasting the 
:snot out of people who accidentally stray onto his land in the
:name of 'self defense.'

Well, the count is now at least 86 dead by government action.  How many
have been killed in the last year in the manner you described?  What, no
facts?  Oh, how silly of me; I forgot, you don't like guns, so you don't
need no stinkin' facts.


:Don't get too self-righteous, Mr. gun-toter.

Don't get too smug, Mr. gun-hater.


Mike Ruff
-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54475
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Who's next? Mormons and Jews?

In article <93110.11265034AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>, <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
> As a minor point of interest, earlier news reports claim to have
> been quoting the Governor of Texas when Her Holiness referred to
> the Dividians as _Mormons_ and called for their expulsion
> from TX. Any Texans have details?

The Davidians are a 60-year-old splinter from the Seventh Day Adventists,
if that's the information you were looking for.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54476
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tBwr.5xI@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, tomgift@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu (Tom Gift) writes:

> No, they didn't have electrical power, but no, I don't find the idea of
> Davidians calmly cooking lunch with gas masks on as the FBI knocks the
> buildings down very credible,either.

I don't know how quickly YOU can get a woodstove to heat up from a cold
start, but mine takes about three hours.

> It's not like this whole discussion is relevant.  It started when some-
> one made the wholly unsubstantiated allegation that the wood stove ig-
> nited NAPALM the FBI shot into the buildings.

Mox nix.  The BD's were prepared to provide their own heat and light,
and were doing so for weeks while the power was out.  That means the
compound contained containers of flammable liquids or gases (that could
be busted by a tank intrusion), plus ignition sources, which no one can 
tell for sure were all off at the time.

> I'm not a groveling apoligist for the feds, far from it.  But wild ac-
> cusations like this are ridiculous and obfuscate legitimate criticism of
> their conduct in this whole affair.

On the contrary.  We are proposing alternate scenarios.  The people who
are coming to wild conclusions are the feds, who are absolutely positive
how the fire started, even though none of them were in a position to 
see it, either (and the stories they "hear" from their prisoners changes
hourly).
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54477
From: syck5280@miller.cs.uwm.edu (Steven B Syck)
Subject: WI and IL firearms law Questions



A couple of questions for you firearms law experts out there:  

Question #1

According to the NRA/ILA state firearms lawbook, in Wisconsin it is
'unlawful for any person except a peace officer to go armed* with a 
"concealed and dangerous weapon."  There is no statutory provision for
obtaining a lixense or permit to carry a concealed weapon.'

*  Jury instructions indicate that 'to go armed' one must have a firearm
on one's person or within his immediate control and available for use.



Does this mean that open carry is allowed?  If so, just how 'open' does it
have to be?  Would an in the pants holster be considered concealing?  What
if one had their jacket on and it partially covered the weapon?  Also,
is there any way to be allowed to carry concealed, or is it just not allowed,
period? 

Question #2

As I understand it, in Evanston, IL, they have a ordinance banning handguns.
Is there any way to get around this provision?  What would the penalty if
you were found out be?  What if you used said handgun in a defensive shooting
in your apartment there?  How would the city law apply to your impending 
trial for the shooting?
Also, what is IL state law concerning short barreled weapons?  Short barreled
shotgun is what I would be interested in if a handgun were not available, 
either that or a shortened 9mm carbine (ie Colt, Marlin).  
One more thing, what is the chance of getting a CCW permit in IL without being
rich or famous or related to the mayor?

Please send replies via E-Mail, as things seem to be piling up around t.p.g
a little faster than I can handle.  Thanks again 
-------   Steve Syck        syck5280@miller.cs.uwm.edu        --------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54478
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
:cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
:>mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
:>>
:>> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm 
:>> day in Texas. 
:>
:>Do YOU eat all your food cold?
:
:Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
:Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.

Hey, Einstein, ever tried to use an electric stove or microwave WITHOUT
ELECTRICITY?  It's been shut off for weeks now, courtesy of your local FBI
assault squad.

Now, are you going to put your foot in your mouth or shall I get a crowbar
and assist you?


Mike Ruff
-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54479
From: mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
:jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
:> Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect
:> them. Resistance is useless. 
:
:Don't tell me -- you're the "Borg Warner," right?

HAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.  Hee, hee.  <chuckle>

This was absolutely fabulous.  I nearly fell out of my chair laughing.
Wonderful!  Mr. Tavares, my hat is off to you again!


Mike Ruff

-- 
- This above all, to thine own      S T R I D E R      mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
-     self be true.  --Polonius     *  * *****    **  *  * **** ***** *** *   *
Those who would sacrifice essential *  *   *     *  * *  * *      *    *  **  *
   liberties for a little temporary *  *   *     **** *  * ****   *    *  * * *
   safety deserve neither liberty   *  *   *     *  * *  *    *   *    *  *  **
   nor safety.  --B. Franklin       ****   *     *  * **** ****   *   *** *   *

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54480
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5t2IC.DC@news.udel.edu>, roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:

> >>Please tell me what you think would have happened had the people 
> >>come out with their hands up several weeks ago.

> Now will you answer my question up top?

A suggestion: cameras panning over planted automatic weapons, followed by
a show trial and medals all around for the valiant forces of Lawn Order?
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54481
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr20.124518.886@batman.bmd.trw.com> auerbach@batman.bmd.trw.com writes:
>Women stand up for your right to be just as stupid as men.

Our new Attorney General seems determined to do so. In the past
few days she has said:

	She hopes the King beating will not reduce public confidince
	in law enforcement.

	The tactics of using tear gas and driving tanks through
	walls in Waco were intended to further a "peacefull solution"
	to the crisis.

	Those same tactics were intended to prevent a mass suicide,
	but she never expected the sect to react by killing themselves.

It's comforting to know, at least, that she wasn't Clinton's first
choice...

                                                   Frank Crary
                                                   CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54482
From: cash@convex.com (Peter Cash)
Subject: Raid justification was: Blast them next time

In article <1r1chu$h22@pandora.sdsu.edu> chiu@io.nosc.mil (Francis Chiu) writes:

>    Initial assault on the "compound" ( more like a wooden farm house if
>  it burned to the ground like it did ) for WHAT?  Regardless of who
>  started/caused the fire, NONE of this would have happened if the
>  ATF can HONESTLY justify their initial assault and handled it 
>  properly!  

I just got through listening to the 10 o'clock news on Channel 4 here in
Dallas. They trotted out a list of justifications produced by the ATF after
"months of investigation" for their raid. 

I couldn't believe the junk on this list! For example, the BDs were accused
of stockpiling a bunch of "9mm and .223 ammunition that can be used in M15
and M16 assault rifles". Imagine that--they had ammunition!  They also had
aluminum dust! (Yeah, it's a component of thermite, but so far I haven't
heard that it's illegal to take a grinder to the aluminum lawn
furniture...) The only thing on the list that could conceivably have been
illegal was an M-79 grenade launcher. (Anybody know about this?)

Months of investigation! For this 80+ people died!

-- 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
             |      Die Welt ist alles, was Zerfall ist.     |
Peter Cash   |       (apologies to Ludwig Wittgenstein)      |cash@convex.com
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54483
From: yodicet@gtewd.mtv.gtegsc.com
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <93110.11320334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>, <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
> Ah yes, I see a few liberal weenies have come out of the woodwork
> to defend the burning of the children. Probably drooled all over themselves
> while watching the TV coverage.
> 
> Probably had a few like that in Nazi Germany, as well.
> 
> Oh yeah, ATF/FBI now claims, according the the media, that there are
> a few survivors. The number seems to vary minute by minute.
> 
> 
> 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54486
From: green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

Just to shed some light on the fire, it was widely reported (AP, etc.) that
there WERE several witnesses to BD folks starting the fires.  It has also
been reported that the fires broke out in several places at once, which
rules out a Bradley knocking over a lamp, etc. as the cause.

What I would like to see is some serious discussion of this incident.  I
believe the moves made were right and proper, but I still have some problems
with some of the tactics.  After watching the ABC special on it tonight, as
well as CNN and Nightline, I question some of the ATF and FBI actions.

1) Could it have been possible to have taken Koresh outside the compound at
some time before the Feb. 28th raid?

2) Could a further wait have resulted in a different outcome.

3) Were FBI actions (blaring loudspeakers, etc.) the "right" course of action?

And a few other questions.  Like I said, I believe the actions taken, in
general, were proper.  But I still have some reservations.

One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54487
From: dnewcomb@whale.st.usm.edu (Donald R. Newcomb)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

First, I would like to say how much I appreciate having so literate and
erudite an individual as Mr. Rutledge with whom to discuss this topic.
Frankly, most anti-RKBA posters refuse even to approach the topic of
the original understanding of the Bill of Rights as detailed in the
writings of the era. This  is most refreshing.

Second, I must apologize for leaving the discussion for several days.
My brigade's quarterly drill was this weekend and I needed to attend
to several matters pertaining to the State Militia.

Some people seem to feel that the concept of the Militia is an anachro-
nism that is out of place in the 20th century. I'm not sure the Swiss
would agree and I think perhaps a discussion of how the Militia, both
organized and unorganized, fits into the defense plans of my State,
Mississippi. Please do not assume that this describes something peculiar
to one southern state. For instance, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
has a well organized Militia which, members report, maintains stocks
of both riot guns and machine guns. The laws of other States will vary
but are probably similar.

Title 35  of Mississippi Code defines our Militia as "all able-bodied
citizens of the state between the ages of seventeen (17) and sixty-
two (62) years...". The Militia is divided into 3 classes: The National
Guard, the Mississippi State Guard and the unorganized Militia.  The
National Guard is a strange sort of fish from a Constitutional perspective.
It tries to be both State Militia and Federal Reserve. The discussion
of this "para-constitutional" arrangement is quite interesting in itself
but somewhat beyond the scope of this discussion. Suffice it that, at this
date, the National Guard has ceased to have any Constitutional standing
as anything but a Federal reserve force.

Mississippi, and most other States, maintains a purely State organized
Militia. In Mississippi this is called The State Guard. In other 
States it may be called something else. The State Guard exists as
a cadre or training corps made up of mostly experienced officers and
senior NCOs who serve as volunteers without compensation. We drill
on a monthly basis at the company and battalion level, brigade once
a quarter and have an annual drill of the whole organization. Our
State-authorized cadre strength is 694. This is a skeleton of an
organization without any flesh. The muscle and sinew when needed will
come from the unorganized Militia.

In time of invasion, insurrection or calamity the Governor can order
the activation of the State Guard. When this takes place a call will
first be made  for volunteers to fill the organization out to either
its contingency strength of 2194 or full strength of 4910. In the
event that a sufficient number of people fail to volunteer, the law
provides detailed instructions for the conducting of a draft of the
unorganized Militia. The size of the State Guard is not specified by
law, but rather by executive order. At one time, the organized Militia
of Mississippi consisted of 68 regiments. Needless to say, the State
does not have armories brimming with weapons with which to equip such
a force. The historical precedent for arming such a force is by use
of mostly the private arms of the Militiamen. 

It is my hope that demonstrates that State Militias are far from being
the long dead anachronisms that some may wish to claim.

>No, I simple stated that the people have a right to "join a well
>organized militia."  And I have also stated that a militia that
>meets once or twice a year is clearly "well organized."  And this
>state of readiness that I have claimed the people have a "right"
>to, is the same state of readiness expected of the militia as stated
>by Hamilton. 

Regarding Hamilton: If you take Hamilton's opinion as being the sole
representative of the opinions of the Founding Fathers, you will have
chosen a highly skewed sample set. Hamilton was on the extreme Federalist
end of the political spectrum. Others, such as Coxe and Henry, can
be chosen to represent the other end. Many contemporaries felt that
the idea of having a standing Army of any sort or even a select Militia
or "train bands" were contrary to the egalitarian nature of the govern-
ment they were striving to perfect. The compromise reached was to
provide for a small Army, which had to be refinanced every two years,
and iron-clad protection for the Militia, which was to remain ever,
"terrible and irresistible".

These protections included: State control, not Federal; limitation
of Federal utilization of the Militia (i.e. execute Laws, suppress
Insurrections and repel Invasions), and the Right to Keep and Bear
Arms to prevent what the British had tried to do at Lexington.
These limitations eventually proved so onerous to the Federal Govern-
ment that they were skirted by the creation of the National Guard.

The National Guard was created for one very simple reason: the 
Constitutional Militia was had proved too unreliable for fighting
wars of imperial expansion. (e.g. Spanish-American War). The
Constitution provided that the Militia could only be employed by
the Federal government in very limited purposes. As far back as the
War of 1812, Militia units had refused to leave United States
territory to attack the enemy. Further, there was no Constitutional
authorization for any conscription of anyone into the Federal
Military and Militiamen were particularly protected. In all wars until
WW-I every American who left the country under arms was a volunteer.
When the National Guard acts of 1903-1916 required that each new
member also enlist as a reservest in the Army, existing soldiers were
"grandfathered". At least one of these "grandfathered" individuals
refused to go to France in 1918 and his refusal was upheld by the
Federal Courts.

Mr. Rutledge has stated that the Second Amendment applies only to
members of a "well organized" militia. However, the pre-Constitutional
history of the American Militia shows relatively few periods when
The Militia came close to meeting either Messrs. Rutledge or Hamilton's
definition of "well organized". In the period of peace between the
French & Indian War and The Revolution many companies simply stopped
drilling and had to be reconstituted just prior to The Revolution.
Perhaps Mr. Rutledge would care to argue that those of my ancestors
who answered the Lexington alarm had forfeited their rights because
their units didn't drill for a few years in the 1760s. I would not
be so bold.

Again, I wish to repeat. The National Guard, for all its merits, is
not the Militia described by the Constitution  nor by Mr. Hamilton
nor by Mr. Henry nor by Mr. Coxe. The fact that the Federal Government
and many States are delinquent in their attentions to and organizing
of their Constitutional Militias  diminishes neither their
responsibilities nor the rights of the Militia as detailed in the
Constitution.
 
Misunderstanding of the nature and purpose of the Militia is but one
error that has crept into modern readings of the Constitution. The
Constitution prohibits States from keeping "Troops or Ships of War
in time of Peace". I have heard some insist this prevents States from
maintaining a Militia, but this comes about because people today do not
understand the meanings of the words in their 18th century usage.
Today we call any large vessel a "ship" but in the 18th century the word
described a particular kind of vessel.  A "ship" is a large vessel with
three or more masts each carrying square rigged sails. A "brig" has two
masts. In the contemporary usage the States were prohibited only from keeping
the largest warships of the day, those capable of global operations. Today's
equivalent might be a prohibition on the States' keeping nuclear missiles.
"Troops" at this time meant a full-time professional military organization.
Any study of contemporaneous writings will bear this out. 

In at least one respect, I am in agreement with Mr. Rutledge; being
personally involved in the maintenance and advancement of The Militia
as a viable means of defense for a modern society, I am frequently
both bemused and saddened when friends and associates wax poetic on
their place in the unorganized Militia and become strangely silent or
scarce when invited to attend a  drill of their State's Militia.
-- 
Donald R. Newcomb              * University of Southern Mississippi
dnewcomb@whale.st.usm.edu      * This is the way we tax and spend, tax 
dnewcomb@falcon.st.usm.edu     * and spend. We're Democrats in office.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54488
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...

In article <1993Apr20.050550.4660@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca> j979@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca (FULLER  M) writes:
>That the gas was "not harmful", as the sensitive, caring Janet Reno described 
>it?

Is it? As far as I know, tear gas, especially in large concentrations,
is very dangerous (even toxic) for small children. This makes the
FBI's supposedconcern for the safety of the children seem rather 
hypocritical.

                                                       Frank Crary
                                                       CU Boulder


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54489
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1r21g2INNeah@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:
>In article <C5sou8.LnB@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
>writes:
>> In article <1993Apr20.163730.16128@guinness.idbsu.edu> betz@gozer.idbsu.edu  
>(Andrew Betz) writes:
>> >In article <C5rynw.Iz8@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
>writes:
>> >>And I suppose the FBI also prevented them from coming out with their 
>> >>hands up while national tv cameras watch.
>> >>
>> >Watch from where?  Two miles away?  Far enough away that whatever
>> >really happenned must be explained through the vengeful filter of
>> >a humiliated agency that said (quote!) "Enough is enough."
>> 
>> Please tell me what you think would have happened had the people 
>> come out with their hands up several weeks ago.
>> 
>It didn't happen.

And who is responsible for it not happening?
Certainly not the children.  Koresh was calling the shots.  He was 
talking with his lawyer and the FBI.  Since others were released safely, 
there is no sane reason for keeping the children inside the compound.

>> >>scenario that is simplest and most plausible.  I do not generally 
>> >>believe in conspiracy theories that involve complicated and unlikely 
>> >>scenarios.
>> >
>> >The FBI sent letters to Martin Luther King's wife insinuating
>> >that MLK was having an affair!  Again, please tell us exactly
>> >how much you trust our supposedly benevolent government.
>> 
>> More than someone who would not release children from the compound.
>> 
>Obviously.  You are an authority worshiper.

Not at all.  Are you a Koresh worshiper?

>> I.e., more than David Koresh/Vernon Howell/"Jesus Christ".
>> I saw lengthy excerpts from an Australian documentary made in 
>> 1992 that clearly showed that this was a cult.
>
>Give me a camera, and time with you, and I can present excerpts that show you  
>to be a cult leader.  Guarenteed. 

Thanks for my laugh of the day!  Definitely a very silly supposition.

>You should at least view the whole  
>documentary before you claim it as a source.

I would if I could.  The news show that showed the lengthy excerpts also 
had interviews with the filmmaker who made the documentary who basically 
confirmed what was shown in the excerpts from the time he spent at the 
compound in 1992.

>> I am not pleased with the BATF handling of the affair.  I think they 
>> bungled it badly from the start.  But I don't think they are 
>> responsible for the fire, which started in two different places.
>
>Two places, eh?  You saw this?  Or did the wonderful FBI tell you this?  
>I saw one place.

I believe that this was reported by local radio reporters on site.
A fire started in a three story tower at the same time as the two 
story window shown on the tv coverage.

>> >>The BATF is by no means devoid of fault in the handling of this affair.
>> >>But to suggest that they may have intentionally started the fire is 
>> >>ludicrous.
>> >
>> >I suspect that there were plenty of camerapeople willing to
>> >risk small arms fire to get some good footage.  These people
>> >were told to get the hell out of camera range.  Why?
>
>Couldn't answer this one, eh?  This is the most important question of all, it  
>is the root cause of all the other suspicion.

I thought about mentioning how Reagan and the military treated the press 
in Grenada and how that set the precedent, but decided it wasn't worthy 
of discussion.  If the news reporter got shot, you can bet his family 
would sue the government for letting him into the danger area.

The root cause of suspicion in my mind is why 100 people wouldn't flee 
a building that had numerous exits during the 30 minutes time it took 
to burn down.  Or why didn't they flee hours earlier when the tear gas was 
first introduced?  I can find no rational explanation for their behavior.

-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54490
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: The Cold War: Who REALLY Won?

In article <1993Apr20.220335.9235@linus.mitre.org> glover@tafs2.mitre.org  
(Graham K. Glover) writes:
> If one reasons that the United States of America at one time represented 
> and protected freedom << individual liberty and personal responsibility >> 
> (and I do, in fact, think that this is true) and that totalitarianism << 
> absolute government control and tyranny >> represents freedom's opposite 
> (which it does), did the USA really win the cold war?

Of course not.  The USA's only hope is for Yelsen (how ever you spell it) to  
fail the referendum, and have the hard-liners take over again.

> 
> Standard disclaimers ALWAYS apply!
> 
> ----------------
> Graham K. Glover
> ----------------
> 
> UNMUTUAL

--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54491
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...

In article <1r1lp1INN752@mojo.eng.umd.edu> chuck@eng.umd.edu (Chuck Harris - WA3UQV) writes:
>>If so, why was CS often employed against tunnels in Vietnam?

>CS "tear-gas" was used in Vietnam because it makes you wretch so hard that
>your stomach comes out thru your throat.  Well, not quite that bad, but
>you can't really do much to defend yourself while you are blowing cookies.

I think the is BZ gas, not CS or CN. BZ gas exposure results in projectile
vomiting, loss of essentially all muscle control, inability to concentrate
or think rationally and fatal reactions in a significant fraction of
the population. For that reason its use is limited to military
applications.

                                                          Frank Crary
                                                          CU Boulder
 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54495
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1r21vqINNeb8@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:
>In article <C5spov.LrE@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
>writes:
>> In article <1r0qsrINNc61@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De  
>Arras) writes:
>> >In article <C5s0Ds.J54@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
>> >writes:
>> >> I agree that they deserved a trial.  They had more than 40 days to come 
>> >> out and get their trial.  They chose to keep the children with them and 
>> >> to stay inside.  They chose to stay inside even after they were tear  
>gassed.
>> >> I do not find these actions rational.  Even Noriega was smart enough to 
>> >> give up and go for the trial he deserved.
>> >> 
>> >
>> >Mr. Roby, you are a government sucking heartless bastard.  
>> 
>> Unworthy of comment.
>
>But apparently true.  My opinion, only, of course.

So, your opinion is truth.  I see...  :-)

>> >Humans died  
>> >yesterday, humans who would not have died if the FBI had not taken the 
>> >actions  
>> >they did.  That is the undeniable truth.  I cried for them.  
>> 
>> Nor would they have died if they had come out with their hands empty.
>> That is undeniable truth.  
>
>No, it is not.  It is possible the FBI planned for this to happen, and the  
>gunfire heard was the FBI keeping the folks inside.  I'm not proposing this as  
>the way it went down, but just to point out that it's not "undeniable" that if  
>they walked out yesterday, they would be alive today.

You can believe that if you wish.  It is undeniable, however, that people 
have left the compound unharmed and alive earier in the standoff.

And since their leader was preaching that they would have an apocalypse, you 
can not say undeniably that there wouldn't have been a mass suicide if the 
FBI had simply stayed outside and waited another 51 days.

>> My heart bleeds just as much as yours for 
>> the children who were never released given 51 days of ample opportunities 
>> to do so.  My heart also bleeds for people so blinded by religious devotion 
>> to not have the common sense to leave the compound when tanks came up 
>> and started dropping in tear gas early in the morning.
>
>My heart "bleeds" for no one.  You are the "bleeding heart".  And I'm sure  
>beyond any possible doubt that you do not feel for those people as I do.  You  
>can not say the heartless things you have said if you did.

I am the heartless bleeding heart?  You are not making sense.
You seem to have no concern that someone would keep children inside this 
compound when they had 51 days to let them out.  That sounds pretty heartless 
to me.

I just heard on the news that some of the survivors regret they hadn't 
stayed in the inferno to prove their loyalty to Koresh.  This makes me 
sad and sick.

>> >You seem to say  
>> >they got what they deserved.
>> 
>> I do not think this.  However, if they did set the fire (which started in 
>> more than one place and spread very quickly), then they got what they 
>> wanted and put into motion themselves.
>
>"they got what they wanted".  What kind of creature are you that you can  
>believe this?

Have you ever heard of Jonestown?
The sad thing is the people inside the compound were the authority 
worshipers and their only authority was Koresh/Howell.   If these 
people were able to think for themselves, there would likely be a lot 
more survivors today.  Koresh preached a fiery apocalypse as early as 
last year.

>> I see the BATF is going to be investigated by the Justice Dept. and likely 
>> by Arlen Spectre and congress.  This is good.  They have bungled the affair 
>> from the start.
>
>We agree on this.  Now lets have your God, the FBI, investigated, too.

By all means, the FBI should be investigated, too.  
BTW, I thought the second ammendment was God.  :-)

>> >Jim
>> >--
>> >jmd@handheld.com
>>  


-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54496
From: fontenot@ravl.rice.edu (Dwayne Jacques Fontenot)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu> green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green) writes:
>Just to shed some light on the fire, it was widely reported (AP, etc.) that
>there WERE several witnesses to BD folks starting the fires.  It has also
>been reported that the fires broke out in several places at once, which
>rules out a Bradley knocking over a lamp, etc. as the cause.

Consider this: The BDs had more than one lamp; The tanks made more than
one hole in the building. Did anyone else notice on the video that it
appeared that wherever there was smoke coming out of the building, there
was a tank nearby?

The fact that it appears that fires started in several places does not
rule out anything.

Also, where are these several witnesses? The way I heard it (from the FBI
spokesman on CNN) the "witnesses" were all people driving the tanks.

>One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
>"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
>had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.

Too bad nothing will happen to her or him. The FBI and the media have
done their job well.

Dwayne Jacques Fontenot

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54498
From: phz@cadence.com (Pete Zakel)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1993Apr16.010235.14225@mtu.edu> cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter) writes:
>You didn't even get the capitalization correct!  Try reading USCA on
>the Constitution, or get any other CORRECT version of the
>Constitution. 

This is REALLY STUPID nitpicking.  Capitalization rules in the late 18th
century were quite different from today, and what was posted matches current
capitalization rules.

We also don't make 's' look like 'f' and other such things done in the late
seventeen hundreds.

In the original Constitution, "militia", "arms", etc. were capitalized simply
because they were nouns.  This is also done currently in German.  There is
no special significance to these words simply because they are capitalized.
The capitalization denotes no special emphasis.

-Pete Zakel
 (phz@cadence.com or ..!uunet!cadence!phz)

	ARIES (Mar 21 - Apr 19)
You are the pioneer type and hold most people in contempt.  You are
quick tempered, impatient, and scornful of advice.  You are not very
nice.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54499
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In <C5rynw.Iz8@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:

>And I suppose the FBI also prevented them from coming out with their 
>hands up while national tv cameras watch.

	Would *you* have come out if you knew the only national TV
cameras were well over a mile away, and yet the agents with the guns
were only a few yards away?  They had contact with a lawyer, so I
am inclined to believe they had an idea of what their situation
actually was.  This also leads to the conspiracy theory that the
lawyer had the BATF pinned on rights violations if the BD's
acted as witnesses, hence the arson.  I doubt that one too, but
it is still quite clear that leaving a safe place to surrender is
a rather stupid thing to do until that place is no longer safe.

>Do you disbelieve everything the FBI says?

	As a matter of course, given how they've allowed no other
views to be heard.  I'll reserve judgement until the trial, but so
far as the FBI is concerned their statements carry the same amount
of weight as photons at rest.

>The BATF is by no means devoid of fault in the handling of this affair.
>But to suggest that they may have intentionally started the fire is 
>ludicrous.

	Ludicrous, yes.  Possible, yes.  Plausible?  Get the jury.

>If the fire were set by accident or by people outside the compound, I would 
>have expected far more cult members to flee the compound.  Or at least come 
>out shooting.

	That's what gets me too.  It is likely the cult members were
holed up in an enforced place inside the building.  With a decent arson
attempt I suspect many of them could have been trapped.  In addition,
the introduction of CS gas for several hours would have rendered many
of them immobile if not unconscious when their masks quit.  All the props
are there, but proving what scene was played is difficult.  The only
certainty is that the FBI and BATF have few witnesses against them.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54500
Subject: Re: "Proper gun control?" What is proper gun cont
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)

In article <C5JGz5.34J@SSD.intel.com> hays@ssd.intel.com (Kirk Hays) writes:
>I'd like to point out that I was in error - "Terminator" began posting only 
>six months before he purchased his first firearm, according to private email
>from him.
>I can't produce an archived posting of his earlier than January 1992,
>and he purchased his first firearm in March 1992.
>I guess it only seemed like years.
>Kirk Hays - NRA Life, seventh generation.

I first read and consulted rec.guns in the summer of 1991.  I
just purchased my first firearm in early March of this year.

 NOt for lack of desire for a firearm, you understand.  I could 
have purchased a rifle or shotgun but didn't want one.
-Case Kim



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54501
Subject: Re: Cop kills teenager
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)

.ACNS.ColoState.EDU> holland@CS.ColoState.EDU (douglas craig holland) writes:
>	SUSPENDED POLICE OFFICER ARRESTED IN REVENGE TRIPLE HOMICIDE
>
>PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) -- A police officer afraid he would be fired for
>allegedly assaulting a teen-ager walked into an auto body shop wher the youth
>worked, said "You're going to die" and fatally shot him and two others, police
>said.
>A fourth youth was wounded.  A fifth escaped injury by hiding under a car.
>Suspended police officer Robert Sabetta, 23, of Cranston, was arrested at
>gunpoint over three hours after the shooting at Wilson's Auto Enterprises in
>Foster, a rural town of about 4,000 people in northwest Rhode Island.
>						Doug Holland
>
	I think I have updated info on this.  My understandingis that
former officer Cranston approached a teenager who was being questioned
by another officer.   Officer Cranston struck Teenager A in the head
with a heavy police flashlight, causing a significant, though not
life-threatening.  THere is no evidence that Teenager A was
doing anything threatening at the time.  Teenager A was released
on bail/recognizance and filed a formal complaint against Officer
Cranston.  The Police Chief suspended Cranston pending an 
investigation into the use of excessive force.  
	The above is pretty clear... but what seems to have 
happened is this.  The Chief requested Cranston's gun, but Cranston
refused to turn it over until the Chief went the Cranston's home
 to get it.  Sources said Cranston had always wanted to be
a cop and was very afraid of loosing his job because of the complaint
against him.
	A few days afterward, Cranston allegedly walked into 
Wilson's Garage, where Teenager A and friends were known to
hang out and work on cars as a hobby.  Cranston fatally shot
Teenager A as well as TEenagers B and C.  Teenager D was shot once
in the shoulder/chest.  Teenager E was working under the car
and was not noticed by Officer Cranston.  Teenager D went to a home
and summoned police, who went to Wilson's Garage and found the 
3 corpses and one unscathed survivor.

	A few days after his arrest, Officer Cranston attemped
to commit suicide in his cell.
-Case Kim




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54502
From: mort@hpfcso.FC.HP.COM (Jeff Mortensen)
Subject: Re: We knew it would happen

In talk.politics.guns, jagst18+@pitt.edu (Josh A Grossman) writes:

	Well Josh I agree with you to some respect...less your spelling
	errors.  The Gov'mnt always must win! even if they kill every
	man women and child....by GOD they must win at all costs......

	This happens over and over and over in this country.  Lets make
	excuses, get the worthless press to cover up everything, let the
	officials take the heat for top management stupidity etc...etc...

> I am sick with greif for the entire well being of this nation and the 
> constitution in claims to protect.
	> 
> Later,
> Josh   

> 
>later Morty
 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54503
From: ron@hpfcso.FC.HP.COM (Ron Miller)
Subject: Re: Boston Gun Buy Back

Re: More on Gun Buybacks

The Denver buy back, trading guns for Denver Nuggets tickets was pretty much
a bust. Very few guns were turned in. The news tried to hype it but 
when the best they could do was ".... including a loaded .38..." well,
you get the picture.

A side note- the news also reported that the guns would be checked for
whether or not they were stolen. STOLEN GUNS WILL BE RETURNED TO THEIR
OWNERS!!!!! (They say)

(Does this have anything to do with the rally on the Capital steps yesterday
 in support of the RKBA????)

Even the rally made the 5 pm news on 3 channels :-)


Ron Miller

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54504
From: ron@hpfcso.FC.HP.COM (Ron Miller)
Subject: Re: Waco, they did it.    ( MASADA )

Re: Flaming wreckage

I wrote my congressmen strongly worded letters demanding they dissolve the
BATF.

Perhaps anger and grief can help spur a letter writing campaign?

Ron Miller

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54505
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1r27ld$bp2@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>In article <C5t38G.IL@news.udel.edu>, roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>> In article <1r1rad$7rl@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>> >In article <C5s0Ds.J54@news.udel.edu>, roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>> 
>>   [The original question was about who started the fire and whether the 
>>    "madmen" were inside or outside the compound.  To which I replied on 
>>    the possible sanity level of those inside and outside.]
>
>Was THAT your argument.  Well, you didn't make it very well.  You started 
>from the questionable premise that the fire was necessarily an act of
>insanity, rather than an act of negligence or an accident.  Recall, one
>survivor claims that the fire started when a tank knocked over a kerosene 
>lamp.  Kind of makes arguments regarding relative sanity somewhat moot, no?

And another survivor claims he heard someone shouting "The fire's started!".
Odd terminology.  That's what one says when you know a fire is planned, not 
when one occurs by accident.  We will have to wait and see what the evidence 
shows, assuming one is willing to believe any evidence offered by the 
"distrustful ones".

>> >> According to an Australian documentary made in the year before the stand off 
>> >> began, Koresh and his followers all believed he was Christ.  Koresh 
>> >> had sex with children and women married to other men in the compound.  
>> >> These were the "perfect children" resulting from the "great seed" of 
>> >> his "magnified horn".  Ex-members describe him in ways not dissimilar 
>> >> to the way Jim Jones has been described.
>> >
>> >Point noted.  Have you submitted YOUR faith and sex life for BATF clearance?
>> >Better hurry; I believe the deadline was April 15.
>> 
>> I paid my taxes.  There was no reference to sex or religion on the form.
>> The comments above and below were meant to address who might be unstable 
>> enough to keep children in a building with tear gas or start a fire.
>
>"Nice evasive maneuver, Mr. Chekov, but they're still on our tail."
>
>Let me ask it more plainly.  Which of the above complaints about David 
>Koresh's religious or sexual proclivities justified an armed raid by the 
>Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms?

Neither.  Again I was merely addressing the sanity level of the players.  
I agree that the BATF handled the affair badly from day one.  BTW, I heard 
on the news today that the affadavit behind the no-knock warrant was unsealed 
today.  Grenade launcher was the only thing on the list that I found 
unusual.

>> >> >:Two of the nine who escaped the compound said the fire was deliberately set 
>> >> >:by cult members.
>
>> >> So, when they talk to the news reporters directly, and relate the same details, 
>> >> will you believe them?
>
>> >Believe them?  I won't even RECOGNIZE them.  And neither will anyone else
>> >who doesn't know them personally.
>
>> Do you believe they would put impostors before the national tv cameras?
>
>It's not entirely far-fetched.  Nobody outside the compound would know 
>EVERYBODY inside the compound.  Don't forget, the BATF admits having 
>agents inside the compound, in any case.

Ambitious news reporters could use the documentary filmed by an Australian 
in 1992 on the compound grounds to help identify survivors.  I, for one, 
will check their stories for consistency with what I learned in a long 
news story about that documentary.

>> At this point, we are getting conflicting reports from the survivors.
>> Best wait til more light is shed upon them.  Of course, this is no 
>> good if you believe in eternal darkness.
>
>I'm simply being the devil's advocate.  There's reasonable doubt by the
>boatload standing in the way of anybody totally swallowing the official 
>government story on Waco.

Certainly there is some room for doubt.  I certainly reserve the right 
to change my opinions when new evidence warrants such a change.  If I 
were conspiratorially minded, however, I would never be able to change 
my mind, because any evidence I disliked would have to be a lie 
fabricated by the "distrustful ones".


-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54506
From: mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu (The Lawnmowerman)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r1j1l$4t@transfer.stratus.com>, cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
> In article <1993Apr20.143255.12711@mcs.kent.edu>, mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu (The Lawnmowerman) writes:
> 
> Oh, then, I guess that shooting THOSE kind of babies is all right.
> 
> You sick bastard.
> -- 
> 
> cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
> OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...
> 

Why thanks for your reply to my post.  By the way, I never, never ever said 
that it was right to shoot "THOSE kind" of babies.  However it was the Branch
Davidian people in there that insisted on staying there with their "savior" 
(yeah right budy boy) because he had brain-washed them into believing that 
what ever he says is the truth, even if means that they are to give up their
lives for <<<<HIS>>>> cause.  Therefore it is Davids fault and not the ATF's
who gave them 50 to 51 days to get out, this was 50 days to many for me and
for many of the rest of the U.S.  I am however sad to hear of the death of any 
child unlike the sick bastard I supposedly am.
-- 
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Matthew R. Hamilton   | mhamilto@mcs.kent.edu    |      A.K.A              |
| CS/ Physics Major     | 1499h751@ksuvxb.kent.edu |   (The Lawnmowerman)    |
| Kent State University	| 1299h751@ksuvxb.kent.edu |			     |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                                            |
|                                                                            |
|      Look here for future advice.quotes.sayings.jibberish.philosohy        |
|                                                                            |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54508
From: ndallen@r-node.hub.org (Nigel Allen)
Subject: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

Here is a press release from the White House.

 President Clinton's Remarks On Waco With Q/A
 To: National Desk
 Contact: White House Office of the Press Secretary, 202-456-2100

   WASHINGTON, April 20 -- Following are remarks by President 
Clinton in a question and answer session with the press:

1:36 P.M. EDT

     THE PRESIDENT:  On February the 28th, four federal
agents were killed in the line of duty trying to enforce the law
against the Branch Davidian compound, which had illegally stockpiled
weaponry and ammunition, and placed innocent children at risk.
Because the BATF operation had failed to meet its objective, a 51-day
standoff ensued.

     The Federal Bureau of Investigation then made every
reasonable effort to bring this perilous situation to an end without
bloodshed and further loss of life.  The Bureau's efforts were
ultimately unavailing because the individual with whom they were
dealing, David Koresh, was dangerous, irrational, and probably
insane.

     He engaged in numerous activities which violated both
federal law and common standards of decency.  He was, moreover,
responsible for the deaths and injuries which occurred during the
action against the compound in February.  Given his inclination
towards violence and in an effort to protect his young hostages, no
provocative actions were taken for more than seven weeks by federal
agents against the compound.

     This weekend I was briefed by Attorney General Reno on
an operation prepared by the FBI, designed to increase pressure on
Koresh and persuade those in the compound to surrender peacefully.
The plan included a decision to withhold the use of ammunition, even
in the face of fire, and instead to use tear gas that would not cause
permanent harm to health, but would, it was hoped, force the people
in the compound to come outside and to surrender.

     I was informed of the plan to end the siege.  I
discussed it with Attorney General Reno.  I asked the questions I
thought it was appropriate for me to ask.  I then told her to do what
she thought was right, and I take full responsibility for the
implementation of the decision.

     Yesterday's action ended in a horrible human tragedy.
Mr. Koresh's response to the demands for his surrender by federal
agents was to destroy himself and murder the children who were his
captives, as well as all the other people who were there who did not
survive.  He killed those he controlled, and he bears ultimate
responsibility for the carnage that ensued.

     Now we must review the past with an eye towards the
future.  I have directed the United Stated Departments of Justice and
Treasury to undertake a vigorous and thorough investigation to
uncover what happened and why, and whether anything could have been
dne differently.  I have told the departments to involve independent
professional law enforcement officials in the investigation.  I
expect to receive analysis and answers in whatever time is required
to complete the review.  Finally, I have directed the departments to
cooperate fully with all congressional inquiries so that we can
continue to be fully accountable to the American people.

     I want to express my appreciation to the Attorney
General, to the Justice Department, and to the federal agents on the
front lines who did the best job they could under deeply difficult
circumstances.

     Again, I want to say as I did yesterday, I am very sorry
for the loss of life which occurred at the beginning and at the end
of this tragedy in Waco.  I hope very much that others who will be
tempted to join cults and to become involved with people like David
Koresh will be deterred by the horrible scenes they have seen over
the last seven weeks.  And I hope very much that the difficult
situations which federal agents confronted there and which they will
be doubtless required to confront in other contexts in the future
will be somewhat better handled and better understood because of what
has been learned now.

     Q  Mr. President, can you, first of all, tell us why,
after 51 days, you decided --

     Q  Mr. President, can you describe for us what it is
that Janet Reno outlined to you in your 15-minute phone conversation
with --

     THE PRESIDENT:  I can't hear you both.  If one will go
first and then the other.

     Q  Sorry.  Can you describe what Janet Reno --

     Q  Mr. President --

     THE PRESIDENT:  I'll answer both your questions, but I
can't do it at once.

     Q  Can you describe what she told you on Sunday about
the nature of the operation and how much detail you knew about it?

     THE PRESIDENT:  Yes.  I was told by the Attorney General
that the FBI strongly felt that the time had come to take another
step in trying to dislodge the people in the compound.  And she
described generally what the operation would be -- that they wanted
to go in and use tear gas which had been tested not to cause
permanent damage to adults or to children, but which would make it
very difficult for people to stay inside the building.  And it was
hoped that the tear gas would permit them to come outside.

     I was further told that under no circumstances would our
people fire any shots at them even if fired upon.  They were going to
shoot the tear gas from armored vehicles which would protect them and
there would be no exchange of fire.  In fact, as you know, an awful
lot of shots were fired by the cult members at the federal officials.
There were no shots coming back from the government side.

     I asked a number of questions.  The first question I
asked is, why now?  We have waited seven weeks; why now?  The reasons
I was given were the following:

     Number one, that there was a limit to how long the
federal authorities could maintain with their limited resources the
quality and intensity of coverage by experts there.  They might be
needed in other parts of the country.

     Number two, that the people who had reviewed this had
never seen a case quite like this one before, and they were convinced
that no progress had been made recently and no progress was going to
be made through the normal means of getting Koresh and the other cult
members to come out.

     Number three, that the danger of their doing something
to themselves or to others was likely to increase, not decrease, with
the passage of time.

     And number four, that they had reason to believe that
the children who were still inside the compound were being abused
significantly, as well as being forced to live in unsanitary and
unsafe conditions.

     So for those reasons, they wanted to move at that time.
The second question I asked the Attorney General is whether they had
given consideration to all of the things that could go wrong and
evaluated them against what might happen that was good.  She said
that the FBI personnel on the scene and those working with them were
convinced that the chances of bad things happening would only
increase with the passage of time.

     The third question I asked was, has the military been
consulted?  As soon as the initial tragedy came to light in Waco,
that's the first thing I asked to be done, because it was obvious
that this was not a typical law enforcement situation.  Military
people were then brought in, helped to analyze the situation and some
of the problems that were presented by it.   And so I asked if the
military had been consulted.  The Attorney General said that they
had, and that they were in basic agreement that there was only one
minor tactical difference of opinion between the FBI and the military
-- something that both sides thought was not of overwhelming
significance.

     Having asked those questions and gotten those answers, I
said that if she thought it was the right thing to do, that she
should proceed and that I would support it.  And I stand by that
today.

     Q  Mr. President --

     THE PRESIDENT:  Wait.  Go ahead.

     Q  Can you address the widespread perception --
reported widely, television, radio and newspapers -- that you were
trying somehow to distance yourself from this disaster?

     THE PRESIDENT:  No, I'm bewildered by it.  The only
reason I made no public statement yesterday -- let me say -- the only
reason I made no public statement yesterday is that I had nothing to
add to what was being said and I literally did not know until rather
late in the day whether anybody was still alive other than those who
had been actually seen and taken to the hospital or taken into
custody.  It was purely and simply a question of waiting for events
to unfold.

     There was -- I have -- I can't account for why people
speculated one way or the other, but I talked to the Attorney General
on the day before the action took place.  I talked to her yesterday.
I called her again late last night after she appeared on the Larry
King Show, and I talked to her again this morning.  A President -- it
is not possible for a President to distance himself from things that
happen when the federal government is in control.

     I will say this, however.  I was, frankly, surprised
would be a mild word, to say that anyone that would suggest that the
Attorney General should resign because some religious fanatics
murdered themselves.  (Applause.)

     I regret what happened, but it is not possible in this
life to control the behavior of others in every circumstance.  These
people killed four federal officials in the line of duty.  They were
heavily armed.  They fired on federal officials yesterday repeatedly,
and they were never fired back on.  We did everything we could to
avoid the loss of life.  They made the decision to immolate
themselves.  And I regret it terribly, and I feel awful about the
children.

     But in the end, the last comment I had from Janet Reno,
is when -- and I talked to her on Sunday -- I said, now, I want you
to tell me once more why you believe -- not why they believe -- why
you believe we should move now rather than wait some more.  And she
said, it's because of the children.  They have evidence that those
children are still being abused and that they're in increasingly
unsafe conditions, and that they don't think it will get any easier
with time -- with the passage of time.  I have to take their word for
that.  So that is where I think things stand.

     Q  Can we assume then that you don't think this was
mishandled in view of the outcome, that you didn't run out of
patience?  And if you had it to do over again, would you really
decide that way?

     THE PRESIDENT:  No -- well, I think what you can assume
is just exactly what I announced today.  This is a -- the FBI has
done a lot of things right for this country over a long period of
time.  This is the same FBI that found the people that bombed the
World Trade Center in lickety-split, record time.  We want an inquiry
to analyze the steps along the way.  Is there something else we
should have known?  Is there some other question they should have
asked?  Is there some other question I should have asked?  Can I say
for sure that no one -- that we could have done nothing else to make
the outcome come different?  I don't know that.  That's why I want
the inquiry and that's why I would like to make sure that we have
some independent law enforcement people, not political people, but
totally non-political, outside experts who can bring to bear the best
evidence we have.

     There is, unfortunately, a rise in this sort of
fanaticism all across the world.  And we may have to confront it
again.  And I want to know whether there is anything we can do,
particularly when there are children involved.  But I do think it is
important to recognize that the wrong-doers in this case were the
people who killed others and then killed themselves.

     Q  Mr. President, were there any other options
presented to you for resolving this situation at any point from
February 28th until yesterday?

     THE PRESIDENT:  Well, yes, I got regular reports all
along the way.  There were lots of other options pursued.  If you go
back -- you all covered it very well.  The FBI -- you did a very good
job of it.  I mean, the FBI and the other authorities there pursued
any number of other options all along the way, and a lot of them
early on seemed to be working.  Some of the children got out, some of
the other people left.  There was a -- at one point, there seemed to
be some lines of communication opening up between Koresh and the
authorities.  And then he would say things and not do them and things
just began to spin downward.

     Whether there were other -- in terms of what happened
yesterday, the conversation I had with the Attorney General did not
involve other options except whether we should take more time with
the present strategy we were pursuing -- because they said they
wanted to do this, because they thought this was the best way to get
people out of the compound quickly before they could kill themselves.
That's what they thought.

     Q  Did the government know that the children did not
have gas masks?

     Q     congressional hearings once the situation -- are
you in agreement with that?

     THE PRESIDENT:  That's up to the Congress.  They can do
whatever they want.  But I think it's very important that the
Treasury and Justice Departments launch this investigation and bring
in some outside experts.  And as I said in my statement, if any
congressional committees want to look into it, we will fully
cooperate.  There is nothing to hide here.  This was probably the
most well-covered operation of its kind in the history of the
country.

   (more, more)
 -30-

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54509
From: ndallen@r-node.hub.org (Nigel Allen)
Subject: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 2

Here is a press release from the White House.

 President Clinton's Remarks On Waco With Q/A
 To: National Desk
 Contact: White House Office of the Press Secretary, 202-456-2100

   WASHINGTON, April 20 /U.S. Newswire/ -- Following are
remarks by President Clinton in a question and answer session
with the press (Part 2 of 2):

     Go ahead, Sarah.

     Q  There are two questions I want to ask you.  The
first is, I think that they knew very well that the children did not
have gas masks while the adults did, so the children had no chance
because this gas was very -- she said it was not lethal, but it was
very dangerous to the children and they could not have survived
without gas masks.  And on February 28th -- let's go back -- didn't
those people have a right to practice their religion?

     THE PRESIDENT:  They were not just practicing their
religion, they were -- the Treasury Department believed that they had
violated federal laws, any number of them.

     Q  What federal laws --

     THE PRESIDENT:  Let me go back and answer -- I can't
answer the question about the gas masks, except to tell you that the
whole purpose of using the tear gas was that it had been tested; they
were convinced that it wouldn't kill either a child or an adult but
it would force anybody that breathed it to run outside.  And one of
the things that I've heard -- I don't want to get into the details of
this because I don't know -- but one of the things that they were
speculating about today was that the wind was blowing so fast that
the windows might have been opened and some of the gas might have
escaped and that may be why it didn't have the desired effect.

     They also knew, Sarah, that there was an underground
compound -- a bus buried underground where the children could be
sent.  And they were -- I think they were hoping very much that if
the children were not released immediately outside that the humane
thing would be done and that the children would be sent someplace
where they could be protected.

     In terms of the gas masks themselves, I learned
yesterday -- I did not ask this fact question before -- that the gas
was supposed to stay active in the compound longer than the gas masks
themselves were to work.  So that it was thought that even if they
all had gas masks, that eventually the gas would force them out in a
nonviolent, nonshooting circumstance.

     MS. MYERS:  Last question.

     Q  Mr. President, why are you still saying that --

     Q  Could you tell us whether or not you ever asked
Janet Reno about the possibility of a mass suicide?  And when you
learned about the actual fire and explosion what went through your
mind during those horrendous moments?

     THE PRESIDENT:  What I asked Janet Reno is if they had
considered all the worse things that could happen.  And she said --
and, of course, the whole issue of suicide had been raised in the
public -- he had -- that had been debated anyway.  And she said that
the people who were most knowledgeable  about these kinds of issues
concluded that there was no greater risk of that now than there would
be tomorrow or the next day or the day after that or at anytime in
the future.  That was the judgment they made.  Whether they were
right or wrong, of course, we will never know.

     What happened when I saw the fire, when I saw the
building burning?  I was sick.  I felt terrible.  And my immediate
concern was whether the children had gotten out and whether they were
escaping or whether they were inside, trying to burn themselves up.
That's the first thing I wanted to know.

     Thank you.

     Q  Mr. President, why are you still saying it was a
Janet Reno decision?  Isn't it, in the end, your decision?

     THE PRESIDENT:  Well, what I'm saying is that I didn't
have a four- or five-hour, detailed briefing from the FBI.  I didn't
go over every strategic part of it.  It is a decision for which I
take responsibility.  I'm the President of the United States and I
signed off on the general decision and giving her the authority to
make the last call.  When I talked to her on Sunday, some time had
elapsed.  She might have made a decision to change her mind.  I said,
if you decide to go forward with this tomorrow, I will support you.
And I do support her.

     She is not ultimately responsible to the American
people; I am.  But I think she has conducted her duties in an
appropriate fashion and she has dealt with this situation I think as
well as she could have.

     Thank you.  (Applause.)

 -30-

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54510
From: tzs@stein.u.washington.edu (Tim Smith)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:
>We have NO evidence that BATF & FBI would not have started shooting
>when and if people had started coming out of the burning building.

Oh?  How about the press?  If the BATF & FBI were going to shoot people
leaving a burning building, don't you think they would get rid of the
press first?

--Tim Smith

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54511
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: Re: "militia" (incredibly long)

In article <C5n0vy.EJ6@ulowell.ulowell.edu> jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) writes:
<In article <1qna9m$nq8@transfer.stratus.com>, cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
<-> In article <C5L0n2.5LL@ulowell.ulowell.edu>, jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) writes:
<-> > But, do you knew how much organization is required to training a large
<-> > group of poeple twice a year.  Just to try to get the same people
<-> > every year, provide a basic training to new people so they can
<-> > be integrated into the force, and find a suitable location, it 
<-> > requires a continually standing committee of organizers.  
<-> 
<-> Again, my response is, "so what?"  Is Mr. Rutledge arguing that since
<-> the local and federal governments have abandoned their charter to support
<-> such activity, and passed laws prohibiting private organizations from 
<-> doing so, that they have eliminated the basis for the RKBA?   On the
<-> contrary, to anyone who understands the game, they have strengthened it.
<
<No, I originally argued that the Second Amendment was "a little bit
<and an anachronism."  These prohibiting laws are examples why the are
<an anachronism.  After all, laws in made by representatives of the 
<people.  These representatives of the people have already decided
<that the Second Amendment does not apply or is too broad in some
<cases.  Since these representatives feel an unconditional 
<interpretation is not wanted, then it is probable that they majority
<of the people feel the same way.  If this is so, it is an example
<of the people using their power of government.  If this is not
<how the people feel, the people should stand up and state their wishes.

Wrong.  Neglecting that the government and media have bullshitted the
people almost nonstop on this issue, Constitutional limitations are
there to prevent a 'tyrrany of the majority'.  For example, a majority
could vote that given ethnics have no rights, are not people, etc.
and it would fly using the logic above.

When government feels the Constitution is not right for the times,
there is a procedure called an AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.  THis
is deliberately difficult, and cumbersome, to prevent abuse of those
who decide to ignore the people, or impose unjust policies of a
majority on a minority.   A lynch mob is a majority, remember, outvoting
the hangee.

What the government is doing are VIOLATIONS, end-runs around the
limitations on the government, probably because they know that the
people would be very hard to convince that a good intention is behind
tampering with the Bill of Rights.  Government propeganda on guns has
been very strong and persistant, but not THAT strong.  And it just
shows how gullible the people have become to "I am from the government
and am here to help you sort of line".  We have been lied to, fed
half truths, rigged stats, while the government knows their control
laws have no effect on crime.  They want a government monopoly on
force, pure and simple.  Do you REALLY want the government to be able
to override Constitutional limitations by a simple vote of a bunch
of elitists (congresscritters)?  I sure don't.  The Founding Fathers
sure as hell didn't, either.

<> Mox nix, Mr. Rutledge.  YOU are the only one here claiming that the
<-> RKBA is dependent on the existence of a top-flight, well-regulated
<-> militia.  Why this is a false assumption has already been posted a 
<-> number of times.  
<
<No, I simple stated that the people have a right to "join a well
<organized militia."  And I have also stated that a militia that
<meets once or twice a year is clearly "well organized."  And this
<state of readiness that I have claimed the people have a "right"
<to, is the same state of readiness expected of the militia as stated
<by Hamilton. 

You better read the Senate Subcommitte on the Constitution regarding the
Second Amendment, and a linguist's analisys of the Second itself.
IN the meanwhile, show us some stuff to back up your assertions.
And yes, I have the above mentioned documents (and more) online.

-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54512
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1r27vo$425@geraldo.cc.utexas.edu> mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider) writes:
>roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>:mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider) writes:
>:
>:According to an Australian documentary made in the year before the stand off 
>:began, Koresh and his followers all believed he was Christ.  Koresh 
>:had sex with children and women married to other men in the compound.  
>:These were the "perfect children" resulting from the "great seed" of 
>:his "magnified horn".  Ex-members describe him in ways not dissimilar 
>:to the way Jim Jones has been described.
>
>I don't know how accurate the documentary was; 

The documentary interviewed Koresh and current and ex-members.  
The documentary disucussed Koresh's "Christ" status inside the cult, 
cult brain-washing techniques, and unusual sex practices (the leader 
gets any he wants, and tells others when they can or can't).  I will let 
others decide if using religious authority to have sex with a minor is 
technically child abuse or not.

>however, Koresh was never
>convicted of any crimes against children, nor was the BATF after him for
>child abuse.  
>Their purview (in this case) is strictly in firearms violations,

All true.

>so this information is irrelevant to the discussion.

Well, if a fire was deliberately set by members of the cult, then the 
history and background of the cult is very relevant.  The history 
and backgournd of the Jones cult was very important in understanding 
what happened at Jonestown.

Not taking into account the history and background of Koresh's cult may 
also help explain why the FBI and BATF so badly predicted the reponses 
they would get from inside the compund nearly every step of the way in 
this badly handled affair.

>:FBI agents have to pass rigorous psychological examinations and background 
>:checks.  Plus, those in charge will undoubtedly have to explain their 
>:decisions in great detail to congress.  Why would the FBI want to fulfill 
>:Koresh's own prophecy?
>
>Those in charge will undoubtedly have to explain *something*, but whether
>their answers even remotely resembles the truth we may never know.  And who
>is left alive to care whether the prophecy is fulfilled?  It only holds
>meaning for the nine who survived.

It is likely that there will be at least two investigations (JD and congress) 
at this point.

>:>Correction:  The *FBI* said that two of the cult members said this; so far,
>:>no one else has been able to talk to them.
>:
>:So, when they talk to the news reporters directly, and relate the same 
>:details, will you believe them?
>
>*IF* they confirm the story, I probably will.  Definitely not until then, 
>however.

Interesting and conflicting details are starting to come out.  I have 
reverted back to wait mode to find out whether the fire was intentional 
or accidental and how it started and why it spread so fast.

>
>Mike Ruff
>-- 


-- 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54513
From: cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter)
Subject: Re: Impeach Clinton, Reno

On 21 Apr 93 02:59:52 GMT, Glenn R. Stone (gs26@prism.gatech.EDU) wrote:

> Fact:  It is a federal felony to infringe civil rights under color of
>        law; where death is involved, this offense carries a penalty
>        of life in prison.

Title 18, 241 and/or 242 seem to apply.  241 is conspiracy (two or
more persons) against rights of citizens.  242 is deprivation of
rights under color of law.  Both call for up to life in prison if
death occurs.  Reno, Bentsen, and Clinton are probably all principals
to the crime (as they are responsible for authorized actions on the
part of their subordinates). 

> Conclusion:  We have NO CHOICE, if we are an honest people, but to 
>              impeach Mr. Clinton, and remove Reno from office.

You forgot one detail, they should be turned over to the Texas
authorities for trial, as the crime was committed there (Article 4,
section 2). 

--
Charles Scripter   *   cescript@phy.mtu.edu
Dept of Physics, Michigan Tech, Houghton, MI 49931
-------------------------------------------------------------
"...when all government... in little as in great things, shall be
drawn to Washington as the centre of all power, it will render
powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will
become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we
separated."   Thomas Jefferson, 1821

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54514
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Re: We knew it would happen

God forgive me for being an American who pays taxes to a government
that commits atrocities like the Waco Massacre of 1993.
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

I'm beginning to look forward to reaching the %100 allocation of taxes
to pay for the interest on the national debt. At that point the
federal government will be will go out of business for lack of funds.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54515
From: diederic@spot.Colorado.EDU (Andrew Diederich)
Subject: BATF Acronym

  Haven't seen this one on here yet, so here it goes:

B. arely
A. dequate,
T. otally
F. ***ed!

  I don't know about adequate, but it fits the acronym.  =)

-- 
Andrew Diederich                    diederic@spot.colorado.edu

These opinions are only mine on alternate Tuesdays.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54516
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas) writes:

>You believe that individuals should have the right to own weapons of
>mass destruction?  I find it hard to believe that you would support a 
>neighbor's right to keep nuclear weapons, biological weapons, and nerve
>gas on his/her property.  

	That really depends upon where you draw the line while defining
these weapons, and also on if you intend the law to be reflective of
modern practice five months or five centuries down the road.  I'll give
you a little hint:  see that manure pile in the farmer's field down the
road?  In the USA, that is a weapon of mass destruction, biological in
nature, because if it gets washed into an open well it will contaminate
the aquifers that supply thousands of cities with drinking water.  So,
where do *you* draw the line?  In the USA, the EPA has ruled that
a pile of scrap iron is illegal.  Care to draw a thinner line this time?

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54517
From: cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter)
Subject: Re: Raid justification was: Blast them next time

On Wed, 21 Apr 1993 03:52:11 GMT, Peter Cash (cash@convex.com) wrote:

> I just got through listening to the 10 o'clock news on Channel 4 here in
> Dallas. They trotted out a list of justifications produced by the ATF after
> "months of investigation" for their raid. 

CNN just claimed he bought 104 "semi-automatic assault rifles".  And
they say Koresh wasn't god-like...  He managed to buy or build a
collection of fully-automatic semi-automatic rifles...  Quite a feat,
I would say.  ;-)

They're still making charges of "sexual abuse" and such, or course.
Nobody seems to have noticed that the Treasury department has nothing
to do with sex crimes.  Or maybe the feds have recently instituted a
TAX on sex crimes...  Yeah, that's why the BATF was there, looking for
unregistered *guns* ("this is my weapon, this is my gun, this is for
fighting, this is for...").

> I couldn't believe the junk on this list! For example, the BDs were accused
> of stockpiling a bunch of "9mm and .223 ammunition that can be used in M15
> and M16 assault rifles". Imagine that--they had ammunition!

I also heard that they're claiming to be cautious because of Koresh's
"heated ammunition stockpile".  I seem to recall that smokeless powder
tends to decompose at even moderate temperatures.  I would be rather
surprised, after a fire of that nature, if *any* of his "stockpile" is
unexploded, or unburned.

> They also had
> aluminum dust! (Yeah, it's a component of thermite, but so far I haven't
> heard that it's illegal to take a grinder to the aluminum lawn
> furniture...)

I seem to recall that aluminum powder is a common component of
fireworks...  The folks on rec.pyro could probably tell you.

> The only thing on the list that could conceivably have been
> illegal was an M-79 grenade launcher. (Anybody know about this?)

I think *anything* is legal if you have the proper license.  If he had
a "curios and relics" permit, I believe he could legally own
handgrenades to go with his launcher.

--
Charles Scripter   *   cescript@phy.mtu.edu
Dept of Physics, Michigan Tech, Houghton, MI 49931
-------------------------------------------------------------
"...when all government... in little as in great things, shall be
drawn to Washington as the centre of all power, it will render
powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will
become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we
separated."   Thomas Jefferson, 1821

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54518
From: atfurman@cup.portal.com (A T Furman)
Subject: Re: The Cold War: Who REALLY Won?

>If one reasons that the United States of America at one time represented 
>and protected freedom << individual liberty and personal responsibility >> 
>(and I do, in fact, think that this is true) and that totalitarianism << 
>absolute government control and tyranny >> represents freedom's opposite 
>(which it does), did the USA really win the cold war?
>
>Standard disclaimers ALWAYS apply!
>
>----------------
>Graham K. Glover
>----------------

The Cold War has not ended.  The only thing that has happened is that 
the two sides have exchanged roles.

The USA has a higher imprisonment rate (400 per 100,000 population)
than any country in Europe by a factor of 10 or so.  In California,
it is over 600 per 100,000 population.  The prison population in
California is now over 100,000, a quadrupling since 1980.  Most of
these inmates were convicted under the drug prohibition laws.  Police
now confiscate property, without trial, under a "good faith probable
cause" standard, in the name of depriving the horrible ghastly drug
dealers of their ill-gotten gains.  Conduct an opinion poll, and a
majority will answer "yes" if you ask them whether civil liberties and
due process should be diluted in order to Send Our Young People The
Message That We Are Serious About Winning The War On Drugs.  I don't
know whether anyone has measured such a figure among gun owners, but
I would expect the same result.  They certainly seem to vote that way.

According to Jack Herer's book _The Emperor Wears No Clothes_, over
TWELVE MILLION YEARS of prison time have been served under the
marijuana prohibition laws, by people who were minding their own
business and causing no harm to others (and less harm to themselves
than users of tobacco, with 400,000 confirmed kills/year).  Under
the "War on Drugs" campaign of "zero tolerance" due process protections
have eroded, and mandatory sentences of ten years without parole have
proliferated.  By and large, gun owners have voted for the politicians
who favor such measures.  And now, all the precedents--not only
legal, but political:  "My fellow Americans, we must send our young
people the message that we are serious about winning the War On
Murder"--are going to be applied to the oncoming wave of gun
prohibition laws.  Gun owners are about to get a taste of the medicine
they voted for believing it would be used only on those with different
tastes in recreational drugs.

What goes around comes around.


    Alan T. Furman         | Don't blame me -- I voted Libertarian
---------------------------+----------------------------------------
  atfurman@cup.portal.com  |   (800)682-1776 for more information

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54519
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1993Apr19.203606.27625@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>,
andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:
>
>In article <93108.172544U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz                     >
><U28037@uicvm.uic.edu
>>The point that I forgot to bring up here (and this has nothing to do with    g
>bein
>>a gang member or not) is that it is illegal to carry a concealed weapon in   s
>thi
>>area (or in the state of illinois for that matter).
>
>Right - it nas nothing to do with whther or not the person
>is/was a gang member, but that's what Kratz inferred....
>
>Wrong - there are people who can legally carry concealed in IL and
>there are circumstances under which MANY people can carry concealed.
>
>Is accuracy really too much to expect?
>
>-andy
>--
No it's not.  If you would have read my other post I was accurate.  Here's what
I said:

[material from another post]------------------------->  The other point that I
would like to make because I know it's true (looked this one up in the Illinois
                  this is for you Andy-----> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
statutes before) is that it is illegal to carry a concealed weapon in Illinois.
^^^^^^^^ <------ Also for you Andy.

And then I went on to say:
There is no such thing as a CCW for us ordinary folk here.
[end of quoted material]

Of course I forgot to mention who "us ordinary folk" are so just for Andy I'm
going to go to the library tomorrow and photocopy the part of the Illinois
statutes with this information and post it.  Ordinary citizens CAN NOT get a
license to carry a concealed weapon.  There are very few people who can.  I
even asked my lawyer friend about this and he told me that only certain people
can get licenses for concealed carry.  He couldn't remember which people but he
knew for sure that regular citizens couldn't get that type of license.  He told
me to go check at the library for the statutes which I did.  I'll post that
info tomorrow night.  Until then.......

Jason

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54520
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: The Right To Keep And Bear Arms (was: Re: Who's next?...)

mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider) writes:

>st922957@pip.cc.brandeis.edu writes:

>:Just because someting was good once, does not mean it will be forever.

>Yes, gone are the days when you can leave your house unlocked at night.
>Well, it couldn't last forever.

	For the record, it wasn't until I came to college (excluding
the times I went to Omaha or Council Bluffs for something) that I
ever removed the keys from the ignition of my car!  Come to think of
it, it was only after I moved to Ames, Ia (pop 45K) that I ever took
to locking my doors at night.

	I've discovered that $50K/year isn't worth living in fear
all day.  I might just move back to the farm.

	This weekend is Veishea.  You know, when ISU students riot
for no apparent reason.  This year, we've the Farm Aid concert
to add to the festivities.  Anybody bet me there's another riot?
Remember, Iowa law has three guys talking loud defined as a riot.
Stay tuned for an on-the-scene report this weekend.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54521
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1qvff6INN9p4@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
Arras) says:
>
>In article <93109.172450U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz
>[...]
>
>> It is kind of funny though how you were the only one who picked up
>> the part about my sister being a social worker and keeping me up to date on
>the
>> gang thing.  Everyone else seemed to just skim by that part.
>>
>> Jason
>
>
>I guess that just means "Everyone else" was mistaken?
>
>Jim
>
>jmd@handheld.com
>------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>-
Actually not Jim.  I just said that everyone else seemed to have skimmed by
that part and not mentioned it.  You can get whatever meaning you want from it.

Jason




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54522
From: mwj@se17.wg2.waii.com (Mike Johnson)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 2

Did anyone else notice how the question of what federal
laws were violated was brushed aside? I'd like to know
what laws were violated, and on what evidence the orignial
BATF warrants were based.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54523
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham) writes:

>What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
>had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
>compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.

	SeAL Team six should have handled it?  Delta Force?  The
BATF had more than enough equipment and men.  They did not have
good intel, but they did have poor planning.  They fucked up.  Even
in just the most basic military sense, they fucked up.  Excuses do
not justify body counts.

>The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
>transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use
>more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to
>do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they
>must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.

	And your excuses fall upon deaf ears when the same BATF
has shown shitty leadership despite more people, better weapons,
and exclusive use of armor against their targets.  BATF is nothing
more than a private army of the government.  Do the agents swear an
oath, as I did, to uphold the Constitution?  You know, that document
that stipulates the highest law of the land?  If they do, they should
be up for charges in a court of law.  Remember, the law?  That's
the whole reason for any of this.

>With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
>more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
>the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look
>at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country
>of ours.

	Yeah, I've been related to many of them.  This is flame-bait,
right?  I'm not paying your price.  Mind if I sight in my guns on
your body?  Think of it as the price you have to pay that we may all
live without fear of my making a stray shot.  It's fine and dandy to
revel in the other guy being the target and your supposed safety.  In
the military, we called this "chicken shit."  Leadership from the rear.
The War on Drugs, despite being a catchy term for nothing more than
a continuation of policy since before this century, seems to have
gotten you convinced that my rights aren't worth your good vibes.
Mind if I cut your net access, as well as access to any and all forms
of expression?  See, you make me nervous, what with you being able
to influence so many.  I'm sure you can see how this is the price we
have to pay for freedom and liberty in this country, as well as
a fair and unbiased judiciary.

>With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
>mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
>women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
>to death 51 days later.

	Mind if we include you in the body count?  I'm sure we could
all file it under "civic improvement" and your life wouldn't have
been sacrificed in vain.  If you like, you can will your estate to
defecit reduction, too.  Now, when you learn how the law protects, or
doesn't protect, everybody equally and how our collective boot may
one day be on your collective throat, perhaps at that time you will
mature enough to realize just what you're talking about and how
serious this is.

	Next time, include a smiley.  While I hesitate to think that
you could have meant this seriously, it deserved a small flame anyway.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54524
From: strnlght@netcom.com (David Sternlight)
Subject: Re: text of White House announcement and Q&As on clipper chip encryption


Though I agree this is not the place to discuss guns, I note in passing that
a number of gun apologists seem to have ignored the words "well regulated"
in their distorted interpretations of the Second Amendment.

David
-- 
David Sternlight         Great care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of
                         our information, errors and omissions excepted.  



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54525
From: dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

In article <1r1eu1$4t@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>In article <1993Apr20.083057.16899@ousrvr.oulu.fi>, dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas) writes:
>> In article <1qv87v$4j3@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>> >In article <C5n3GI.F8F@ulowell.ulowell.edu>, jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) writes:
>
>> >> The massive destructive power of many modern weapons, makes the
>> >> cost of an accidental or crimial usage of these weapons to great.
>> >> The weapons of mass destruction need to be in the control of
>> >> the government only.  Individual access would result in the
>> >> needless deaths of millions.  This makes the right of the people
>> >> to keep and bear many modern weapons non-existant.

>> >Thanks for stating where you're coming from.  Needless to say, I
>> >disagree on every count.

>> You believe that individuals should have the right to own weapons of
>> mass destruction?  I find it hard to believe that you would support a 
>> neighbor's right to keep nuclear weapons, biological weapons, and nerve
>> gas on his/her property.  

>> If we cannot even agree on keeping weapons of mass destruction out of
>> the hands of individuals, can there be any hope for us?

>I don't sign any blank checks.

Of course.  The term must be rigidly defined in any bill.

>When Doug Foxvog says "weapons of mass destruction," he means CBW and
>nukes.  When Sarah Brady says "weapons of mass destruction" she means
>Street Sweeper shotguns and semi-automatic SKS rifles.  

I doubt she uses this term for that.  You are using a quote allegedly
from her, can you back it up?

>When John
>Lawrence Rutledge says "weapons of mass destruction," and then immediately
>follows it with:

>>> The US has thousands of people killed each year by handguns,
>>> this number can easily be reduced by putting reasonable restrictions
>>> on them.

>...what does Rutledge mean by the term?

I read the article as presenting first an argument about weapons of mass
destruction (as commonly understood) and then switching to other topics.
The first point evidently was to show that not all weapons should be
allowed, and then the later analysis was, given this understanding, to
consider another class.

>cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
>OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...



-- 
doug foxvog
douglas.foxvog@vtt.fi

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54526
From: dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

In article <viking.735378520@ponderous.cc.iastate.edu> viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson) writes:
>dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas) writes:

>>You believe that individuals should have the right to own weapons of
>>mass destruction?  I find it hard to believe that you would support a 
>>neighbor's right to keep nuclear weapons, biological weapons, and nerve
>>gas on his/her property.  

>	That really depends upon where you draw the line while defining
>these weapons, 

This means you would support a ban if it were narrow enough.  Good.

>and also on if you intend the law to be reflective of
>modern practice five months or five centuries down the road.  

I would hope so.  Let's define a nuclear weapon as an explosive weapon
whose majority of energy comes from fission and/or fusion of atomic
nuclei.  Let's define a biological weapon as live organisms or viruses 
in such state, quantity, and with such a vector that they could cause 
death or serious disease [further defined] to a significant number of
people if released in a city, similarly populated area, resevoir, or
cropland.  


Nerve gas and mustard gas are well defined.  Other poisonous
gasses should be individually banned only if it can be shown that there
is no use not related to weaponry.  Licenses should be available for
research purposes on such chemicals.

I am not a lawyer, but these ideas could certainly be a basis for 
definitions.

>I'll give
>you a little hint:  see that manure pile in the farmer's field down the
>road?  In the USA, that is a weapon of mass destruction, 

Nope.  It is not considered a weapon.

>biological in
>nature, because if it gets washed into an open well it will contaminate
>the aquifers that supply thousands of cities with drinking water.  So,
>where do *you* draw the line?  In the USA, the EPA has ruled that
>a pile of scrap iron is illegal.  Care to draw a thinner line this time?

It is not defined as a weapon of mass destruction.  Many things are
banned for other reasons.

>< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
><  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >


-- 
doug foxvog
douglas.foxvog@vtt.fi

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54527
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: Will CS burn or explode

rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy) writes:

>The FBI released large amounts of CS tear gas into the compound in
>Waco.  CS tear gas is a fine power.  Is CS inflammable.  Grain dust
>suspended in air can form an explosive mixture, will CS suspended in air
>form an explosive mix? Could large quantities of CS have fueled the
>rapid spread of fire in the compound?

	No chance.  If that CS ignited at all, it would have been
quite similar to a grain bin explosion.  Explosion, I note.  The
entire compound would have been leveled, not merely burned.  As
there was no explosion, there was no CS ignition causing the fire.

	Note: at five miles a decent grain elevator explosion will
knock you on your butt and your ears will ring for days.  I speak
from experience here.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54528
From: tms@cs.umd.edu (Tom Swiss (not Swift, not Suiss, Swiss!))
Subject: Re: Clinton wants National ID card, aka USSR-style "Internal Passport"

johnston@cyberia.win.net (Robert Johnston) writes:
>>
>>How 'bout we embed the `card` in the forhead of everyones skull ? 
>>Can't lose it without being already dead (ergo, no need for treatment).
>>
>Close, at birth we implant a smart chip just behind the ear under the skin but
>above the skull.  We incase it in a hypo-allergenic high carbon content
>glass.  This chip would be reprogrammed as we age with the pertinent
>medical, correctional, taxational data.  Behave yourself or we'll 
>input it into your permenant record.

     You forgot the part about encasing it in a small shaped charge so that
if anyone tries to tamper with it, it explodes and kills you.

     Oh, and the shaped charge can be set off by remote control...but only
if you get out of line. Properly patriotic citizens have nothing to fear.

===============================================================================
Tom Swiss/tms@cs.umd.edu  |  "Born to die"   |   Keep your laws off my brain!
     "What's so funny 'bout peace, love and understanding?" - Nick Lowe 
     This .sig contains no animal products and was not tested on animals.
     "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion,
      or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of
      speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to 
      assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances."
      -- The Constitution of the United States of America

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54529
From: Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no>
Subject: Re: Change of name ??


How we survived ww2:
We mailed postings about things we didn't know any thing about
to ONLY the wrong places.

I'm NOT trying to censor this or any newsgroup, I'm just trying to
give some hints about OTHER newsgroups.
Doesn't this belong to alt.conspiracy ??

NOTE!!!
My posting was in reply to those about FBI torching the plasce after
filling it with napalm, and arrested people dissapering.

>We all know what a quisling is, right?
Obviously we don't.....
Vidkun Quisling is known to be a traitor in Norway, not a 'censor'.
If I have betrayed my country (Norway) bescause I implied that som of 
you jumped to conclusions/sound a little paranoid then I think there
is a LOT of quislings in Norway.......


About Waco
It looks to me as the BATF and FBI can't handle situations like this.
The way it went reminds me of 'stun' bomb beeing dropped on a house
in LA from a helicopter. (Whole block went up in flames, 5 died...)

It doesn't HAVE to be a conspiracy, MAYBE they just screwed up ???



	This is not a .signature.
	It's merely a computergenerated text to waste bandwith
	and to bring down the evil Internet.


                        Thomas Parsli
                        thomasp@ifi.uio.no

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54530
From: kevin@axon.cs.byu.edu (Kevin Vanhorn)
Subject: American Horror File -- call for help


Today's atrocity in Waco has finally impelled me to start working on
something I've been thinking about for some time.  Over the last few
years I have heard of one case after another of government running
completely amok.  Unfortunately, most people are oblivious of the
government's crimes and still think of it as their protector.  So I
intend to put together what I call the "American Horror File": a
compilation of cases where the American government has run roughshod
over the rights of its citizens over the last few years, focusing
especially on deaths and injuries resulting from no-knock warrants,
and financial ruin to innocents resulting from civil forfeiture laws,
but including any other cases for which I can find decent
documentation.  I hope to make people blood-boiling, artery-bursting,
red-hot enraged at their government.

The end result will probably be a book in electronic form (ASCII text
and postscript files) detailing the government's crimes of recent
years.  This book will be distributed at cost, and I will encourage
people to post copies to BBS's, send copies on disk to friends, and
print out copies and give them to neighbors.

This is a call for your help.  Any information that you can send me on
how government is running amok will be greatly appreciated.  I would prefer
information that is well-documented, with sources given, about specific
instances of governmental abuses.  I also welcome anyone who wants to
join me in collecting and researching information for this project.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kevin S. Van Horn       | Is your religion BATF-approved?
vanhorn@bert.cs.byu.edu |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54531
Subject: news says BATF indictment/warrant unsealed...
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)

Something about how Koresh had threatened to cause local 
problems with all these wepaons he had and was alleged to
have.  

Someone else will post more details soon, I'm sure.

Other News:
Sniper injures 9 outside MCA buildling in L.A.  Man arrested--suspect
was disgruntled employee of Universal Studios, which
is a division of M.C.A.


QUESTION:
What will Californians do with all those guns after the Reginald
denny trial?

-Case Kim
kim39@husc.harvard.edu


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54532
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: BATF's Prime Directive

Bully, Them; Bludgeon Them, Bury Them.
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

I'm beginning to look forward to reaching the %100 allocation of taxes
to pay for the interest on the national debt. At that point the
federal government will be will go out of business for lack of funds.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54533
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Janet Reno and "Responsibility"

I see no difference between Janet Reno's claim of responsibility for
the Waco Massacre and the IRA's claims of responsibility for various
acts of terrorism against British citizens.


-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

I'm beginning to look forward to reaching the %100 allocation of taxes
to pay for the interest on the national debt. At that point the
federal government will be will go out of business for lack of funds.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54534
From: Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card



I don't remember the figures EXACTLY, but there were about 3500 deaths in Texas
in 1991 that was caused by guns.....
This is more than those beeing killed in car-ACCIDENTS!
(Yes, there could be that low sentences or high poverty could influence the
figures but they're still *pretty* high right??)
I also believe Texas has some of the most liberal 'gun-laws' in USA......


*I* should not suffer because of others....
We all agree on this one, BUT we also live in a sociaty and therefor
we'll have to give up *SOME* of our 'freedom' (Note the '').

Do you have an insurance??
Then you'll have to pay because of what others do...

Do you buy anything??
YOU are paying for those who return goods, steal or even those who gets a bonus...

Do you live with other people??
Then you 'can't' do ererything you'd want (burping/farting playing music LOUD)

-What the hell is he trying to say ??
When you live in a society (USA are stilll counted as one...) you
have to saccrifice.
The question is HOW MUCH.


One state (don't remember which, Texas??) tried to impose a rule that you could
only buy ONE gun each MONTH. Think you all know what happened.....

I respect the right to defend yourself, but that right should not inflict on
other people.

It seems like you all realize that you have a problem in America, the only
problem is
that you won't take the car away from the drunk driver, you hope to cure him
first.

Hope life comfirms to the standard of Winnie the Poh.



	This is not a .signature.
	It's merely a computergenerated text to waste bandwith
	and to bring down the evil Internet.


                        Thomas Parsli
                        thomasp@ifi.uio.no

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54535
From: <DGS4@psuvm.psu.edu>
Subject: Re: Clinton wants National ID card, aka USSR-style "Internal Passport"

In article <1993Apr19.162137.1306@hsh.com>, paul@hsh.com (Paul Havemann) says:
>
>In article <C5KsE0.5px.1@cs.cmu.edu>, tsmith+@cs.cmu.edu (Tom Smith) writes:
>> In article <1993Apr16.022926.27270@ucsu.Colorado.EDU>                       U
>fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.ED
>(Frank Crary) writes:
>>>In article <C5JIF8.I4n@boi.hp.com> slack@boi.hp.com (David Slack) writes:
>>>>The idea of the card is bull in and of its self, but I'm curious to know,
>do
>>>>they plan on making it a requirement to *always* have it on you, or is it
>>>>only going to be required to be *presented* when trying to ge medical aid?
>>>
>>>This, at least, has already been determined: The Blue Cross medical
>>>coverage for all federal employees is a good model for a future
>>>national system. To get emergency medical care, anyone so insured
>>>must always carry their Blue Cross card. Before entering a hospital,
>>>you must notify Blue Cross, or they will refuse to pay your bills.
>>>In an emergency, where you must be treated before notifying them,
>>>you must inform them within 24 hours or (if you are unable to do
>>>so for medical reasons) the hospital must. Failing to do so within
>>>24 hours means they will not cover the hospitalization. In you need
>>>your card to notify them (and without the card, the hospital certainly
>>>wouldn't know they had to.) Therefore, you are required to carry
>>>the card at all times, or do without emergency medical coverage.
>>>
>> Which works fine until you end up in the hospital because you were hit on
>the
>> head and your wallet, with your insurance card, is stolen.  This happened to
>> me, and it took six months to sort the mess out.  These sorts of plans sound
>> nice at first, but in the end they just create a lot of paperwork and
>> bureaucracy to deal with all the checking and filing they involve.
>>
>>                               Tom the non hacker
>
>Whoa!  Have a care what you say, Tom.  The _obvious_ answer to that problem
>is to tatoo your National I.D. Number on you -- say, your forearm -- so you
>can never leave home without it.  Hell, it worked once before...
>
>And that brings us back to my original, sarcasm-laden post:  where's the
>outcry from the liberal sector over the National ID Card?  My God, if some
>conservative had proposed this -- plus Clinton's "National Police" proposal
>-- the liberals would be shrieking "Sieg Heil!" and "Police State"!
>
>You self-styled liberals ought to be ashamed of yourselves.  Hypocrites!

I don't know what you watch, but I saw a spokesman for the ACLU voice
opposition to this idea on NBC the very first night.




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54537
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

I predict that the outcome of the study of what went wrong with the
Federal Assault in Waco will result in future assaults of that type
being conducted as full-scale military operations with explicit
shoot-to-kill directives.
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

I'm beginning to look forward to reaching the %100 allocation of taxes
to pay for the interest on the national debt. At that point the
federal government will be will go out of business for lack of funds.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54538
From: stevek@cellar.org (Steve Kraisler)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

chiu@io.nosc.mil (Francis Chiu) writes:

> Brent Irvine (irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu) wrote:
> 
> : failed to mention the Davidians pouring kerosene all over and lighting it i
> : plain view.
> 
>   Brent, I'm still waiting to see if there are any evidence of how the fire
> got started, so I'm not going to tell you who did it...  As far as you keep
> talking about the Davidians pouring kerosene all over, stop and *think*
> for a second if it is possible the stove or lamp was knocked over and
> started a fire, and the Davidians were pouring water on it (wrong solution
> but I doubt I can do much better in their states of mind...) to try to
> put it out?   
> 
>   By the way, just how far where you standing from the Davidians when you
> saw them setting the place on fire?   Oh, in case you are new in town,
> microwave ovens doesn't work very well when there's no electricty. :-0
> 
>   Get some *facts* before you post next time!
> 
> --F. Chiu

First the FBI said they saw two members of the cult start the fire-and the 
FBI never lies.  Second, the first started in opposite ends of the compound 
at the same time and thirdly, the fire spread too quickly for it not to be 
help without an accelerate.


------
stevek@cellar.org (Steve Kraisler)
The Cellar BBS - (215) 539-3043

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54539
From: ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r3j2k$da2@menudo.uh.edu>, HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.) writes:
> 
>   The problem with the FBI as a monolithic entity doing it is that it requires
> *everybody* involved to keep their mouths shut.  While they tended to behave 
> like total idiots, that does not make them homocidal maniacs, either.  And if
> it was one nutcase agent, then it serves no purpose to blame the whole agency.

A great deal of documentation exists on exactly that phenomenon. Especially
regarding Vietnam and the Mai Lai (sp?) massacre

Not that I'm suggesting that they started it on purpose but even if they
now know that they accidentally started (or contributed to it) you can
be sure the initial reaction is to lie. Remember the Iranian airliner
which the US navy mistook for a fighter and shot down?
-- 
Alan Greig                            Janet: A.Greig@uk.ac.dct
Dundee Institute of Technology	   Internet: A.Greig@dct.ac.uk
Tel: (0382) 308810                 (Int +44 382 308810)
         ** Never underestimate the power of human stupidity **

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54540
From: mcsdc1jpb@dct.ac.uk (John Bell)
Subject: Re: The Holocaust Revisited

In article <1993Apr21.151601.14962@gozer.mv.com>, klm@gozer.mv.com (Kevin L. McBride) writes:
> The U.S. Government's campaign of persecution and genocide against the
> Branch Davidians was a resounding success.
> 
> Heil Clinton!  Heil Reno!  The Gestapo is alive and well and living in
> Washington, D.C.

Are you for real?

People dumb enough to give their money and possessions to a guy who says he's
jesus deserve all they get

Anyway, he killed a few feds

He's not the goddam hero here

He's dead an' i'm happy!!!!!

> 
> -- 
> Kevin, who agrees that David Koresh was probably a first-rate nutcase
>        but who firmly believes that the Bill of Rights guaranteed his
>        his right to be a religious fanatic and that the government is
>        guilty of violating his civil rights and of 1st degree murder.
> 
>        OK, which small, under-represented-in-congress religious group
>        are we going to persecute next and are we going to torch their
>        church with a rolled up copy of the Constitution?
> 
>        I think I'm going to be sick now. . .
-- 
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
%% John Bell %%%  Dundee FC:                                                %%% 
%% D.I.T.    %%%  League Champions:61/62        runners up: 06/07 48/49     %%%
%% Dundee    %%%  League Cup wins :51/52 52/53  runners up: 67/68 80/81     %%%
%% Scotland  %%%  Scottish Cup win:1910         runners up: 1925,1953,1964  %%%
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54541
From: <MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU>
Subject: Re: Cost/Benefit Analysis (was FBI Director's Statement...)

Has anyone noticed or commented on the fact that so many of those who
were willing, nay demanding, that we wait forever for Mr Hussein and
Iraq, that we use tremendously costly "sanctions", to avoid a loss
of life, are now at the fore front of those clammoring that we should
have smashed those "religious radicals" and we were wasting money allowing
this stand off to go on  ?  How the worm turns when the sect changes.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54542
From: cower@csli.stanford.edu (Richard Cower)
Subject: CNN report: FBI/ATF killing ALL Americans


CNN just reported the ATF and the FBI have begun killing everyone in the
United States. A press release stated this action was required because
bugs had revealed that many people were doing something illegal in their
homes, and statistical data indicated that those who weren't might someday
do something illegal. An ATF spokesperson, just before he shot himself, stated
that "this would clean up things once and for all".

If the citizens can be gathered into groups of more than 100, the FBI has
indicated they will "burn them, just like we did those kooks in Waco". 
It hasn't been decided how the new proposed "energy tax" will enter into
this, an IRS representative stated "We're looking at the tax code to determine
if taxes really end at death. With this many dead Americans, we don't want
to overlook anything". An ATF agent ran into the room, and shot her.

Stay tuned....rich

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54543
From: gaucher@sam.cchem.berkeley.edu
Subject: Re: The Dayton Gun "Buy Back" (Re: Boston Gun Buy Back)

In article <C5uCHu.FFn@cbnews.cb.att.com> lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:
>According to WNCI 97.9 FM radio this morning, Dayton, Ohio is operating a
>gun "buy back".  They are giving $50 for every functional gun turned in.
>They ran out of money in one day, and are now passing out $50 vouchers of
>some sort.  They are looking for more funds to keep operating.  Another
>media-event brought to you by HCI.
>
>Is there something similar pro-gun people can do ?  For example, pay $100
>to anyone who lawfully protects their life with a firearm ?  Sounds a bit
>tacky, but hey, whatever works.
>-- 
>Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Here are a few ideas:

1) a free library card so they can look up the FBI
   Uniform Crime Report which shows how good HCI is
   at lying through their teeth,

2) a free RTD Transit Pass which will allow anti-gunners
   to tour South Central Los Angeles and convince
   people living there that they don't need guns to protect
   themselves because the police will do it for them 
   (don't lose the pass, you'll need it to get out),

3) a free bus ride to Vermont, which has almost no gun
   control and, curiously enough, almost no crime either,

4) a free calculator, since anti-gunners have heretofore
   been unable to figure out what a small percentage of
   the guns owned in America are used to commit violent crime.

--------------------------------------------------------------
Lee Gaucher    NRA                  |  My opinions.
gaucher@sam.cchem.berkeley.edu      |  No one else's.
--------------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54544
From: irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r2dqq$5of@geraldo.cc.utexas.edu> mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider) writes:
>irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>:cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>:>mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
>:>>
>:Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
>:Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.
>
>Hey, Einstein, ever tried to use an electric stove or microwave WITHOUT
>ELECTRICITY?  It's been shut off for weeks now, courtesy of your local FBI
>assault squad.

Calm down.  It is not as if I tweaked the fount of the flame wars
or anything (guns, anything to do with them).

-- 
<><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
<>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
<><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54545
From: kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead)
Subject: Re:  Blast them next time

oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham) babbles:

What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.

	If they'd gone to the door and knocked on it to serve the
	warrant, like the Sheriff had done 3 other times, they
	wouldn't have needed to HAVE an initial assault.  But then,
	Herr Klinton and Attorney Gen'l Reno wouldn't have been
	able to have told such heroic stories about how they
	"protected" the rest of us from a group of people who
	kept to themselves, miles out in the prairie.

The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use
more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to
do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they
must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.

	The BATF needs to be disbanded.  This out of control group
	of Rambo wannabees is a danger to the Republic.

With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country.

	Well, I figure you're going to get flamed pretty badly by
	everybody else for this incredibly stupid statement, so I'll
	just let it pass for now.

	Case Western reserve, huh?  Do the Feds know about that big 
	stockpile of automatic weapons and crack you have in  your
	house?  Are you the same Daniel Oldham that lives on Orchard
	Drive?  Just so they get the address right, that is...

Look
at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country
of ours.

	Well, it used to be a great country.  Now I'm not so sure.  
	I knew a few of those good people who died in wars;  I was
	in Viet Nam.  I can assure you, none of us fought to protect
	the right of the government to attack its own citizens with
	military force without provocation.  (Hint: serving a search warrant
	is NOT sufficient provocation to stage a military style assault
	on a religious group.  At Least not here in the US.  Maybe in
	Iraq, or Syria...)

With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
to death 51 days later.

	This is a joke, right?  Or are they really letting fools like
	you into CWRU now?  Too bad. Used to be a good school.  How'd you
	get in anyway, did your old man buy a new wing for the library?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54546
From: holland@CS.ColoState.EDU (douglas craig holland)
Subject: Re: "43 to 1" all over again.

In article <1993Apr21.175441.22582@iitmax.iit.edu> draughn@iitmax.iit.edu (Mark Draughn) writes:
>[Followups to talk.politics.guns only.]
>
>In article <1qv87v$4j3@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares
>writes:
>>In article <C5n3GI.F8F@ulowell.ulowell.edu>, jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John
>>Lawrence Rutledge) writes:
>>
>So, a person who keeps a gun at home is 43 times more likely to die,
>at home, from a gunshot than he or she is likely to kill an intruder.
>
>Sounds like apples 'n' oranges to me.
>
>In any case, has anybody tried to make the obvious counter-study?
>
>What are the numbers for someone who does not keep a gun at home?
>That is, what is the ratio of dying-at-home-from-a-gunshot to
>killing-an-intruder, for people who do NOT keep guns in their homes?
>
>So, what are is the ratio of unarmed people shot to death in their
>homes v.s. unarmed people who kill intruders?  Is it worse than 6 to 1?
>
>Inquiring minds want to know.

I don't know this specific ratio, but I do have an earlier post that says
a gun is 33 times more likely to defend someone (including the times where
the gun isn't fired, just scares the perpetrator away) than it is to kill
someone. (including self defense)  The post is kind of long, but I'll be
glad to dig it up and email it to anyone who asks.

Doug Holland

-- 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
|  Doug Holland                | Anyone who tries to take away my freedom  |
|  holland@cs.colostate.edu    | of speech will have to pry it from my     |
|  PGP key available by E-mail | cold, dead lips!!                         |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54549
From: VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: The Dayton Gun "Buy Back" (Re: Boston Gun Buy Back)

In article <C5uCHu.FFn@cbnews.cb.att.com> lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:

>According to WNCI 97.9 FM radio this morning, Dayton, Ohio is operating a
>gun "buy back".  They are giving $50 for every functional gun turned in.
>They ran out of money in one day, and are now passing out $50 vouchers of
>some sort.  They are looking for more funds to keep operating.  Another
>media-event brought to you by HCI.
>
>Is there something similar pro-gun people can do ?  For example, pay $100
>to anyone who lawfully protects their life with a firearm ?  Sounds a bit
>tacky, but hey, whatever works.

      Ack, what a public relations nightmare just begging happen.

      "Gun Lobby pays vigilanties."

      "NRA to shell out dough to gunfighters."

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54550
From: bob@hobbes.dtcc.edu (Bob Rahe)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu> green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green) writes:

>What I would like to see is some serious discussion of this incident.  I
>believe the moves made were right and proper, but I still have some problems
>with some of the tactics.  After watching the ABC special on it tonight, as
>well as CNN and Nightline, I question some of the ATF and FBI actions.

   >Some< of?

>1) Could it have been possible to have taken Koresh outside the compound at
>some time before the Feb. 28th raid?

  Yes, I think so and it has been reported as such.  Seems like a cowboy
movie-style attack was needed for some reason....

>2) Could a further wait have resulted in a different outcome.

  The answer is probably YES. But consider; what was the WORST thing that
could have happened if they waited?  Hint: whatever it was it could not have
been any worse that what DID happen.  

>One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
>"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
>had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.

  But that statement of taking full responsibility is totally meaningless.
What are the consequences for being fully responsible for this disaster?
A note in your personnell file??  Slick already called these people a bunch
of crazy people and dismissed the idea she should resign.  Doesn't take 
ANY balls at all to take the responsibility.  Hell, at that rate >I< will
take full responsibility for it.  No skin off my nose....
-- 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
|Bob Rahe, Delaware Tech&Comm College | AIDS, Drugs, Abortion: -        |
|Internet: bob@hobbes.dtcc.edu        |  - Don't liberals just kill you?|
|CI$: 72406,525 Genie:BOB.RAHE        |Save whales; and kill babies?    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54551
From: pngai@adobe.com (Phil Ngai)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5sv88.HJy@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>>Do YOU eat all your food cold?
>
>Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
>Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.

The Dividians didn't have that option after the FBI cut off their
electricity.

-- 
 Flag burners don't bother me as much as seeing the American flag on
tanks assaulting the church of Americans who had never bothered anyone.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54552
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: The Holocaust Revisited

In <1993Apr21.175443.5338@dct.ac.uk> mcsdc1jpb@dct.ac.uk (John Bell) dribbles
in his nappies and manages to splutter:

	You know, John, if you had kept the follow-up to line here on talk
politics guns, we might have taken you a bit more seriously.  It would have
at least implied that you had some backbone, perhaps a modicum of willingness
to present your views and support them.  I guess we all know better now.

>People dumb enough to give their money and possessions to a guy who says he's
>jesus deserve all they get

	Really?  That's interesting, as I was always of the opinion that
people dumb enough to keep a monarchy around and support them with tax
funds when said monarchy is merely a figurehead deserve all that
they get.  Dunkirk, for example.  What?  That has nothing to do with it?
Then enjoy your helping of foot.

>Anyway, he killed a few feds

	And they killed a few people of their own, including one child
at last report.  So what?  Being a federal agent is not license to kill.
Then there's CNN indicating that the ATF/FBI actually *DID* start the
fires which would mean feds killed just under 100 people.  If you're
so hot to assign blame, make sure you don't overlook the obvious.

>He's not the goddam hero here

	Montgomery isn't much of a hero here, either.  Amazing how
different things look on the other side of the pond, isn't it?  Not
that what you think makes much of a difference in the USA, though, and
for good reason.  When you can vote I'll take your rhetoric a bit more
seriously.  Right now, you're merely a waste of trans-atlantic bandwidth.

>He's dead an' i'm happy!!!!!

	Proof positive that ignorance really is bliss.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54553
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <93110.165704U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>In article <1993Apr19.203606.27625@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>,
>andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:
>>Wrong - there are people who can legally carry concealed in IL and
>>there are circumstances under which MANY people can carry concealed.
>>
>>Is accuracy really too much to expect?
>
>As I said before no it isn't.  In another post I referred to the Illinois
>statutes and how I looked up the law for concealed carry.   I will type in the
>complete law and post later  but I would like to prove that I was correct using
>accurate information so I will put sections down here now.

Good - now let's look at those sections.  They'll prove my point.

>     (a)  A person commits the offense of unlawful use of weapons when he
>knowingly:
>
>(4)  Carries or possesses in any vehicle or CONCEALED on or about his person
>     except when on his land or in his own abode or fixed place of business
>     any pistol, revolver, stun gun or taser or other firearm;

Note that this doesn't affect all concealed carry.  (Look after the
word "except".)  It always helps to read the law before commenting on
it.

Would a prudent storekeeper carry concealed?  How about someone at
home?  Note that both are legal, and a lot of "common" people qualify
for one or the other.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54554
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <CMM.0.90.2.735386976.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no> Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
>I don't remember the figures EXACTLY, but there were about 3500 deaths in Texas
>in 1991 that was caused by guns.....
>This is more than those beeing killed in car-ACCIDENTS!
>(Yes, there could be that low sentences or high poverty could influence the
>figures but they're still *pretty* high right??)
>I also believe Texas has some of the most liberal 'gun-laws' in USA......

And you'd be wrong about that too.

Note that Texas isn't unique in this "more with-gun deaths than
with-car deaths", but some of the other states where it happens have
extremely strict gun laws.  Oops - so much for the "meaning".

It isn't clear that the comparision means anything anyway as car
accidents are unintentional while gun deaths aren't, but if we're
going to make it, let's at least be honest.

>*I* should not suffer because of others....
>We all agree on this one, BUT we also live in a sociaty and therefor
>we'll have to give up *SOME* of our 'freedom' (Note the '').

Give it up for what?  Gun control doesn't have any benefits, so
it fails by this standard.

>Do you have an insurance??
>Then you'll have to pay because of what others do...

Note that insurance gives me something in return - gun control doesn't.

>-What the hell is he trying to say ??
>When you live in a society (USA are stilll counted as one...) you
>have to saccrifice.
>The question is HOW MUCH.

That's half the question - the rest is "and what do you get for your
sacrifice".  If the answer to the second question is "nothing", as it
is for gun control, then we don't have to ask the first question
because getting nothing means that no sacrifice is justified.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54555
From: aj359@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Christopher C. Morton)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!


In a previous article, jdurbin@nl.oracle.com (Jason Durbin) says:

>If even half the speculations of conspiracy made about this are
>true, then I would expect that you people should be calling for
>the ATF, FBI, Texas Rangers, Congress and all branches of the
>US government to be immediately and completey disbanded  --  no
>exceptions. 
>
>Jeez, do you people really beleive all this crap? Do you also beleive
>in the Zionist Occupation Government and the tooth fairy?

I leave the anti-semitism to anti-gun types like Holly Silva.  I have in
fact been calling for the disbanding of the BATF for quite some time.
It is an outlaw agency run by incompetants who only have contempt for
the laws which they supposedly enforce.

>Admittedly mistakes were made but why attribute them to malice rather
>than stupidity?
>
I attribute the acts of the FBI to stupidity.  I attribute the acts of
the BATF to malice.  So did Senator Dennis DeConcini when he held
hearings about their misconduct.


-- 
*************************************************************************
If you were smarter, you'd have these opinions....
*******************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54557
From: f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu
Subject: Re: Arlen Specter's address?

In article <1993Apr22.143329.4296@ccsvax.sfasu.edu>, f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu writes:
> In article <1993Apr22.142540.20687@icd.ab.com>, kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead) writes:
>> Anybody got Arlen Spectre's address?  I want to write to him and thank him
>> for showing the leadership to demand a Congressional investigation
>> into the Waco mess.
>> 
>> Ken
> 
> 	You are talking about the man who as a federal attorney did so
> much to frustrate the proper investigation of the JFK assassination by
> the House sub-committee on assassinations.  Fox and hen house???
> 
Please note that my above comment was not intended as a flame of Ken's
call for Congressional leadership to conduct a proper investigation.
It was merely to call attention to the hazard of having Specter involved.
If anyone took it that way, I apologize.

 *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 Joe Gaut                    |   In the super-state, it really does not
 <f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu> |   matter at all what actually happened.
     Remember the Alamo      |   Truth is what the government chooses to 
       Remember Waco         |   tell you.  Justice is what it wants to happen.
                                        --Jim Garrison, New Orleans, La.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54558
From: mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <4615@isgtec.isgtec.com> robert@isgtec.com (Robert Osborne) writes:
>Michael Frederick Rhein (mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU) wrote:
># In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
># >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
>#                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
># As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day  
># in Texas.
>
>Not that I agree with the original theory or anything, buuuuut:
>Since their utilities were turned off they might be using wood stoves
>to cook their meals.
>
>Rob.
>--
>Robert A. Osborne   ...!uunet.ca!isgtec!robert or robert@isgtec.com
To Rob and all others that have been debating about the wood stove.
   The original post claimed that the ATF/FBI was pumping napalm into the 
building with the hopes that the wood stove inside would ignite it.  I responed
with why would the wood stove be lit in the first place?  It wouldn't be lit 
for heating purposes because of the weather in Texas.  Everyone now claims 
that it was for cooking.  Stop and think about this.  CS gas was being pumped
into the building and I presume that everyone was wearing gas masks (either
bought or some type of makeshift type) and this had been going on for 6 hours.
I don't know if you have ever been around CS, but I have.  Being exposed to CS
gas was part of my Army training, so I know that without a mask it VERY 
uncomfortable and makes your eyes water, nose run, and makes you sick in 
the stomach.  And with the mask it is very difficult to drink water much less 
eat.  So my question now is "why were they cooking food?"
   I will buy that a lantern could have been knocked over and caused the fire.
But that stove was not being used for cooking (unless they were even more
crazy than the ATF/FBI claim).

Michael



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54559
From: lairdb@crash.cts.com (Laird P. Broadfield)
Subject: Re: Need Senate Bill numbers and House Resolution numbers

In <53930421052235/0005111312NA3EM@mcimail.com> 0005111312@mcimail.com (Peter Nesbitt) writes:

>I want to get involved in the fight to save our gun rights.  But first, I need
>to get a little more educated.  I've been reading all the magzines and books I
>can get my hands on, and sifting through hundreds of messages here in the 
>Internet.
[...]
>Can anyone tell me how/where to obtain this info?  Surely there has to be a
>way to obtain copies of anti-gun legislation from those *&%$#@'s in Washington.

The House Document Room can be reached at +1 202 225 3456.  You need to 
have the number of the document you want (e.g. HR1036) and they'll be happy
to send it to you.  Tell them if it's going to be a big stack, because the
surly sounding guy who answers is scrawling in a really awful hand on the
back of the envelope that will come and will run out of room quickly if
you don't tell him.

The Senate document room is too important to deal with the likes of you
and I, and will answer requests from off the hill only by mail.


-- 
Laird P. Broadfield     lairdb@crash.cts.com    ...{ucsd, nosc}!crash!lairdb
Hi!  I'm a shareware signature!  Send $5 if you use me, send $10 for manual!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54560
From: lairdb@crash.cts.com (Laird P. Broadfield)
Subject: Re: request advice on waist-bags/fanny paks

In <9304200955.aa09758@angel.qdeck.com> burge@qdeck.com (Bill Burge) writes:

>(I've heard that the color strip on the Bianchi was put there to identify
>the Bianchi fanny pack to law enforcement.  They suposedly recieved a flyer
>indicating the color combinations for easy sighting.  This has led to 
>lackluster sales for the Bianchi.)

Well, that was an easy decision.  No more Bianchi anything for me.


-- 
Laird P. Broadfield     lairdb@crash.cts.com    ...{ucsd, nosc}!crash!lairdb
Hi!  I'm a shareware signature!  Send $5 if you use me, send $10 for manual!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54561
From: kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead)
Subject: Re: Your Evil Tax Dollars at Work, was RE: ATF BURNS RANCH ETC ETC...

Mark 'Mark' Sachs <MBS110@psuvm.psu.edu>, representing the Students for 
Increased Beverage Access (SIBA), writes:


>Oh? Then why did the smoke and flames start from three different places?
>In particular, three different places where there were no APV's?


Well, I only saw it start in one place.  A tank punched a hole in a wall,
and as it withdrew flames came out and spread quickly in the direction that
a 30+ mph wind was blowing.  I saw a diagram in USA Today yesterday, and
fires started at 2 of the 3 holes that the tanks made.  A terrible, negligent
accident.


>And if the government did start the fire, then why weren't people trying
>to get out of the compound?


Maybe they couldn't.  I've often marvelled at how people could get burned alive
in the upstairs of a 2 story house on fire, but it happens all the time.
What if they were in sealed rooms, trying to avoid the gas, and didn't know
about the fire until it surrounded them?  Remember the Israelis hiding in
sealed rooms during Desert Storm to avoid gas-bearing Scuds?

Cripes, Mark, are you REALLY a college student?  Maybe you ought to stop
worrying about increased beverage access and start clearing your head.
Ever heard of questioning authority? 

>And besides... oh, I don't know why I'm even bothering.


OK, I'll buy that.  You _do_ seem totally clueless...


>I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem eager to believe
>a murderous, heavily-armed religious cult, despite much evidence to the
contrary. 

Wellllll....  They weren't murderous.  They'd never harmed or even threatened 
anybody until they were attacked by a paramilitary force using military weapons
and hardware.  And as far as "evidence", what are you talking about?  
Everything the Feds have said they've retracted practically as soon as they get
questioned in detail about it.  Maybe you and your Increased Beverage
Access buddies, sitting around the bar slurring stuff like "they shoulda
killed 'em all 51 days ago" don't feel that way, but then you're probably
one of those people still saying about Klinton "Give the guy a chance, we don't
even know what he's gonna do! (Burp)


>Thought Experiment: Suppose this exact same thing happened under
>the Bush administration. What would your answer be then? Would you still
>prefer to believe the cultists?

>(No, I don't really expect a response to that challenge.)

No problem, you don't have any questions that scare any of us.  Most of our
minds are apparently more developed than yours.  

The answer is:  *YES!*  In a f*cking heartbeat!  

Thought Experiment:  Would you be mindlessly down on your knees with your mouth 
open, blissfully sucking up anything the Feds said if Bush were the president?
What, no comeback?  (OK, go ahead, say it.  "Read my lips, no new taxes" %^P   )


>>But then
>>again, that is how Mr. Clinton was elected, by people who believe that
>>his campaign promisses would be respected by him once he got into office.

>Um, isn't that how all politicians are elected?

Not in such a great degree.  Bush broke one promise, maybe two (taxes/guns)
and we held him accountable for it.  Of course, it took him the better part of
4 years to do it;  Slick's only been in office 101 days and he's broken lots
of them.  Anddd...  I imagine he'll also be held accountable for that.

(I can just see the campaign buttons now:   "ABC - Anybody But Clinton")

>So is there any particular reason the gummint decided to slaughter eighty
>people? Are they, like, just plain evil, or what? Did they just wake up
>one day, stretch and yawn, and throw a dart at a map of the United States
>to figure out who to oppress that day? I'm eager to know.

Hmmm.... Apparently you just got here.  Nobody's claiming that it was anything
but a stupid mistake by a bunch of incompetent public employees who normally
don't get this kind of scrutiny when the mess up.  And as far as how they picked
the Davidians, who knows?  Maybe they figured that nobody'd care about such
a politically incorrect group as a bunch of fundies out on the Texas prairie.
Maybe they figured they'd just go in there and run roughshod over the BDs
during their religious services (which was the reason the Feds gave for the
timing of the raid) rather than running into resistance.  Maybe they KNEW
that the BDs weren't ANYWHERE NEAR as violent as the Feds' spin doctors are
trying to tell the public.  Maybe they were AFRAID to try this kind of thing
on the Crips and Bloods.  Maybe it was because the ATF's budget is up for
approval and they seem to favor doing something dramatic whenever that is
the case.  Of course, their reasoning doesn't matter, only what they did,
and this time, people are just paying more attention to it.


>And does Bill Clinton have cooler theme music than Darth Vader? 

Not if you mean that stupid "don't stop thinking about tomorrow"...

>How is he on diabolical laughter? 

All I've ever heard is Hillary's diabolical giggle.  Waffle Man seems to have
lost his sense of humor...

>Does he look good in a cape? 

Don't know, never seen him in one.  He probably looks fat and puffy faced,
just like in a suit.  I saw him in the Rose Garden the other day, and I
couldn't get over how much he is starting to look like Teddy Kennedy.


>These things MUST be investigated. You first.


Don't worry, these things WILL be investigated.  Now go back to your beer,
you dimwit....



  ************************************************************************
*  I've heard a lot of people compare Bill Clinton to Jimmy Carter, and   *
*  I'd like to go on record as saying that I don't think that it's fair.  *
*  Jimmy Carter was a veteran, and he had personal character.  And even   *
*  though I can't agree with Carter's policies, I always believed that    *
*  he was telling the truth, as best he understood it.  I can't say       *
*  that for the Fat Cat...                                                *
  ************************************************************************
Ken Whitehead (kdw@odin.icd.ab.com)





Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54562
From: n9020351@henson.cc.wwu.edu (James Douglas Del-Vecchio)
Subject: Re: Don't knock the Glock (was Re: My Gun is like my Am Ex Card)



>In article <1993Apr15.152834.16638@mksol.dseg.ti.com>, pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.
com


>>Seriously.  There is no difference in the safeties betweena Glock and any DA
>>revolver.  Intellectually, think of the Glock as a very high cap revolver.
>>Ignoring stove pipes, misfeeds and all the other bonus exercises that
>>autoloaders give you, that is.

On a DA revolver, you get another try on a misfire.  On a pistol where
the trigger does not cock the hammer, like a Jennings, or an Astra M400,
or a Glock, a misfire requires the slide be cycled to get the gun  to
function.

Rather than a high capacity revolver, think of a Glock as an Astra M400 
with no manual safety and a heavier trigger pull.

Jim Del Vecchio

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54563
From: dlb5404@tamuts.tamu.edu (Daryl Biberdorf)
Subject: Latest on Texas HB 1776 (CCW)


I called the Texas bill tracking people (800/253-9693) again today 
regarding HB 1776 -- Concealed Carry.  Well, it was supposed to come
up for a vote this past Wednesday, but the bill got sent back to
the Public Safety Committee.  The PSC gave it a favorable rating
AGAIN, and the bill must now be scheduled for debate by
the Calendars Committee AGAIN.
             Daryl Biberdorf  N5GJM    d-biberdorf@tamu.edu
               + Sola Gratia + Sola Fide + Sola Scriptura

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54564
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1993Apr16.162447.26289@beaver.cs.washington.edu>, graham@cs.washington.edu (Stephen Graham) writes:
> In article <1qicep$obf@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
> >In article <1993Apr14.232806.18970@beaver.cs.washington.edu>, graham@cs.washington.edu (Stephen Graham) writes:

re: is "John Q. Public with a gun" protected?

> >> It's worth noting that US vs. Miller sustained Miller's conviction
> >> of possession of an illegal firearm, noting that a sawed-off shotgun
> >> was not a proper militia weapon. 

> >No, they noted that no one had CLAIMED that it was a proper militia
> >weapon (despite having been used in at least two wars).  This was true,
> >since neither Miller nor his lawyer appeared before the Court.

> Did they or did they not sustain Miller's conviction? I don't have the
> text of the case handy. 

Miller was convicted of owning a sawed-off shotgun and not paying the
NFA '34 tax.  Snatches of the court's decision:

The Second Amendment was intended to "assure the continuation and render 
possible the effectiveness of such a force [the militia]... It must be 
interpreted and applied with that end in view."

The militia includes "all males physically capable of acting in concert 
for the common defense."

However, regarding sawed-off shotguns, "certainly it is not within 
judicial notice that this weapon is any part of the ordinary military 
equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense."

"Judicial notice" is the term of art here -- it meant that no such
evidence had been formally presented.  This is different from claiming
that they had ruled that it wasn't.

> Yes, shotguns had been used in WWI, the Spanish-American War, and the
> US Civil War. That was not in question. The possession of a sawed-off
> shotgun was, i.e., a weapon altered to improve concealibility.

I'm not talking about plain shotguns in war -- I'm talking about short-
barrelled ("sawed-off") shotguns in war.

Compare Revolutionary War blunderbusses; luparas in the Spanish-American 
War; and trench-cleaners in WW I.  They were also put to good use by
US soldiers in WW II, not to mention being invaluable to "tunnel rats" 
in Vietnam, but, of course, "Miller" took place in 1939.

> >> Therefore, US vs. Miller supports limited government regulation of 
> >> firearms.
> >
> >Don't go arguing down this road unless you are willing to abide by 
> >the consequences that you find at the end of it -- mainly, that the
> >law-abiding common man has a right to own any weapon that has a militia 
> >purpose, from handguns to sawed-off shotguns and fully automatic weapons.
> >That, in fact, is what this decision says.
> 
> You are free to produce evidence that I'm not willing to abide with
> all the implications of this. 

Here is my quandary:  you seem to be arguing that certain types of 
guns fall outside the scope of the Second.  This isn't a useful argument 
unless you believe that some significant gun or class of gun belongs
in that class.  

I think we both agree that zip guns probably aren't protected.  Maybe 
we also both agree that all the weapons that random state governments 
have been banning or trying to ban because they have "no sporting purpose" 
and "no provate citizen would ever need these guns" DO fall under the 
protection of the Second.  

So, given that damn near any gun of any practical utility is or has at 
some time been used by the military, even if only for marksmanship 
training purposes, I need to understand why you are intent on pressing 
this point, arguing that that SOMETHING is not protected by the Second.

> Just because I don't whole-heartedly endorse the NRA position does not
> mean that I oppose the RKBA. This attitude is what makes the NRA
> unpopular.

Often, what makes someone unpopular is what other people say about him.
How much did any of us fear or abhor the Branch Davidians six months ago?
How many of us feared or abhorred Saddam Hussein five years ago?
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54565
From: thf2@kimbark.uchicago.edu (Ted Frank)
Subject: Re: Gritz/JBS/Liberty Lobby/LaRouche/Christic Insitute/Libertarian/...

In article <C5L2BC.C2x.1@cs.cmu.edu> rubinoff+@cs.cmu.edu (Robert Rubinoff) writes:
>In article <93105.230230U23590@uicvm.uic.edu> <U23590@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>>Note that Bo Gritz was on the Populist party ticket with David
>>Duke (for veep) in 1988 until he found out that Duke was leading
>>he ticket, when he withdrew his candidacy.  

That's a revisionist account of what happened.  Gritz was well-aware
of Duke's presence on the ticket.  Given that Gritz is not at all shy
about associating and promoting other white supremacists (such as the
Christian Identity movement or Willis Carto), whatever reasons Gritz
had to leave the ticket had nothing to do with Duke's presence.

>>So Gritz gave up his
>>chance to be Vice President of the US just to aviod supporting
>>Duke.
>
>I'd hardly call that "giving up his chance to be Vice President of the US";
>the chance of the Populist Party ticket winning is essentially nil.  Still,
>it does imply that he doesn't want to be associated with Duke.

I believe Chip Berlet has a Populist Party newsletter from the time with
a photo of Gritz happily shaking hands with Duke.
-- 
ted frank                 | 
thf2@kimbark.uchicago.edu |         I'm sorry, the card says "Moops."
the u of c law school     | 
standard disclaimers      | 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54566
From: rboudrie@wpi.WPI.EDU (Robert A. Boudrie)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1993Apr16.010235.14225@mtu.edu> cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter) writes:
>In article <C5Bu9M.2K7@ulowell.ulowell.edu>
>jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) wrote:
>
>> In article <1q96tpINNpcn@gap.caltech.edu> arc@cco.caltech.edu
>> (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:
>> >The Second Amendment is a guarantee of the right to bear arms.  Clearly
>> >and unequivocally, without infringement.
>
>> Unfortunately the Second Amendment is not as clear as you state.  If last 
>> part of it is taken along, it follows what you have said.  The problem
>> I have is with the first part of the single sentence which makes up the
>> amendment.  The Second Amendment is:
>
>> 	A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security 
>                         ^^^^^^^ Militia
>
>> 	of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear 
>                  ^^^^^ State
>
>> 	arms, shall not be infringed.
>        ^^^^ Arms
>
>You didn't even get the capitalization correct!  Try reading USCA on
>the Constitution, or get any other CORRECT version of the
>Constitution. 
>
>> This mention of a well regulated militia is what confuses me.  According
>> to the Federalist Paper's, a well regulated militia has a well defined 
>> structure and follows nationally uniform regulations.
>
>Perhaps you should actually READ the Federalist Papers!!
>
>    James Madison, Federalist Paper 46: "Besides the advantage of
>    being armed, which the Americans possess over the people of almost
>    every other nation, the existence of subordinate governments, to
>    which the people are attached, and by which the militia officers
>    are appointed, forms a barrier against the enterprises of
>    ambition, more insurmountable than any which a simple government
>    of any form can admit of.  Notwithstanding the military
>    establishments in the several kingdoms of Europe, which are
>    carried as far as the public resources will bear, the governments
>    are afraid to trust the people with arms."
>                  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>
>    James Madison, I Annals of Congress 434, 8 June 1789: "The right
>    of the people to keep and bear... arms shall not be infringed.  A
>    well regulated militia, composed of the body of the people,
>                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>    trained to arms, is the best and most natural defense of a free
>    country..."
>
>    Alexander Hamilton, Federalist Paper 29 (on the organization of
>    the militia): "Little more can reasonably be aimed at, with
>    respect to the people at large, than to have them properly armed
>               ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>    and equipped; and in order to see that this be not neglected, it
>    will be necessary to assemble them once or twice in the course of
>    a year."
>
>    Alexander Hamilton, Federalist Paper 29 (speaking of standing
>    armies): "... if circumstances should at any time oblige the
>    government to form an army of any magnitude that army can never be
>    formidable to the liberties of the people while there is a large
>    body of citizens, little, if at all, inferior to them in
>    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>    discipline and the use of arms, who stand ready to defend their
>                                    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^*****
>    own rights and those of their fellow-citizens."
>    ***^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>
>But *surely* Hamilton and Madison didn't mean the PEOPLE when they
>said "people", right?  That's why the Amendment refers to "the Right
>of the Militia"?...  ;-)
>
>> Your average 
>> 17-45 year old male does not fall into the definition.
>
>You're right, the Militia consists of ALL able bodied males (and
>probably females under current interpretation). 
>
>> Therefore most
>> members of The Militia, the one the every gun advocate refers to, are
>> not members of a well organized militia and therefore are not directly
>
>The Amendment does nor refer to "well organized", it says "well
>regulated".  I have some targets you may examine if you wish to check
>how _well regulated_ I am. 
>
>> mentioned in the amendment.
>
>> If this amendment wanted to allow every member of The Militia to keep
>> and bear arms, why did it specificly mention a "well organized militia" 
>> in the SAME SENTENCE as the right to keep and bear arms?
>
>Correct.  That's why the Right is reserved to the People.  And that
>was to insure the People could form a "well regulated Militia", not a
>"well organized militia".
>
>> It could be
>> argued that the first part of the sentence is separate from the last 
>> part.  If so, why was it include in the same atomic unit of written
>
>What do Atomic Units have to do with this argument?  Any moron can set
>h_bar = C = 1...
>
>> instead of a separate sentence?
>
>Oh, I see what your question is; Why don't you read the federalist
>Papers?! 
>
>    James Madison, Federalist Paper 41 (regarding the "General
>    Welfare" clause): "Nothing is more natural nor common than first
>    to use a general phrase, and then to explain and qualify it by a
>    recital of particulars."
>
>But what does Madison know about the grammatical style of the 2nd?  He
>only wrote it.
>
>> The amendment also implies that the right to arms has to due with 
>> the security of a free state.  The Federalist Paper's mention of a
>> well regulated militia gives many examples of how this militia protects
>> the security of a free state.  All these examples are actions of a
>> very organized force, not some John Q. Public with a gun.
>
>That's obviously because you've never actually *read* the Federalist
>Papers. 
>
>> All that the Second Amendment clearly states to me is that the people's
>> right to form well regulated militias shall not be infringed.  That is 
>> people have the right to join a well organized militia.  This well
>> organized militia will, of course, provide training in how to use arms
>> and in basic military tactics.  These training members of the militia
>> can keep and bear the arms.
>
>Can't read, huh?  Show me where the document says "well organized
>militia". 
>
>> Lastly, reading through the Federalist Paper's on well organized 
>> militia it is very clear that many of the reasons for these militias.
>> One reason stated is the protection from a standing army.  These days
>> the standing army could easily defeat a group consisting of every 
>> 17-45 year old male and female not in the armied forces.
>
>That is *exactly* why EVERY PERSON should be allowed to own *any*
>weapon currently in use in the armed forces.
>
>> Another
>> reason stated for well organized militias is to reduced the need
>> for a standing army.  Well, the US Armied Forces have been a standing
>> army for more than half the history of the US.
>
>But the major reason is to protect against that very same army.
>
>> It seems to me the whole reason for the Second Amendment, to give
>> the people protection from the US government by guaranteeing that the
>> people can over through the government if necessary, is a little bit
>> of an anachronism is this day and age.  Maybe its time to re-think
>> how this should be done and amend the constitution appropriately.
>
>    Abraham Lincoln, First Inaugural Address, March 4, 1861: "This
>    country, with its institutions, belongs to the people who inhabit
>    it.  Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing government,
>    they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it, or
>    their revolutionary right to dismember it or overthrow it."
>
>    Rep. Elbridge Gerry of Massachusetts, spoken during floor debate
>    over the Second Amendment, I Annals of Congress at 750, 17 August
>    1789: "What, Sir, is the use of a militia?  It is to prevent the
>    establishment of a standing army, the bane of liberty. ...
>    Whenever Governments mean to invade the rights and liberties of
>    the people, they always attempt to destroy the militia, in order
>    to raise an army upon their ruins."
>
>So now we know which category Mr. Rutledge is in; He means to destroy
>our Liberties and Rights.
>
>--
>Charles Scripter   *   cescript@phy.mtu.edu
>Dept of Physics, Michigan Tech, Houghton, MI 49931
>-------------------------------------------------------------
>"...when all government... in little as in great things, shall be
>drawn to Washington as the centre of all power, it will render
>powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will
>become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we
>separated."   Thomas Jefferson, 1821

>> In article <1q96tpINNpcn@gap.caltech.edu> arc@cco.caltech.edu
>> (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:
>> >The Second Amendment is a guarantee of the right to bear arms.  Clearly
>> >and unequivocally, without infringement.
>
>> Unfortunately the Second Amendment is not as clear as you state.  If last
>> part of it is taken along, it follows what you have said.  The problem
>> I have is with the first part of the single sentence which makes up the
>> amendment.  The Second Amendment is:
>
>>       A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security
>                         ^^^^^^^ Militia
>
>>       of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear
>                  ^^^^^ State
>
>>       arms, shall not be infringed.
>        ^^^^ Arms
>
>You didn't even get the capitalization correct!  Try reading USCA on
>the Constitution, or get any other CORRECT version of the
>Constitution.

There are several ways in which one can choose to intrepret any 
constitutational issue :

   (a) Original intent
   (b) Subjectively intrepreted accordiong to political whims of the day.

If we use original intent as the basis for intrepreting the constitution, 
it is clear that the founding fathers intended that the individual citizen 
be allowed to bear arms similar to those used by soldiers of the day.

For references, I cite :

  - Federalist papers
  
  - "The Embarassing Second Ammendment", Yale Law Review, 
    Prof. Stanford Levinson [sorry, I don't have the date handy]

       Prof Levinson sought to prove that the 2nd ammendment did not
       convey an individual right, but concluded that it did, hence the 
       "embarassing" in his title.
 
  - Report of the Subcomittee on the Consititution, United States Sendate,
    97th Congress, Second Session February 1982.

  - U.S. vs. Verguido Urguidez (Supreme court case in recent years).  
    Although this case did not pertain to firearms, Justice Rhenquist
    notes that the term "the people" is a term of art conveying individual
    rights, and specifically cited several used, 2nd ammentment included,
    in his opinion.

  - Title 10, U.S. Code.  This states that all males between the ages of
    18 & 45 not part of the organized militia, and all female officers of
    the national guard are part of the unorganized militia.

Feel free to cite any scholarly and historical references you have to
support your position.  I could go on a greater length with my personal
proof by assertion, however, such a technique would carry no more or
less weight that your dubious proofs by assertion.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54567
From: cwwhite@vax2.concordia.ca (Stephen White)
Subject: Re: Gritz/JBS/Liberty Lobby/LaRouche/Christic Insitute/Libertarian/...

In article <C5L2BC.C2x.1@cs.cmu.edu>, rubinoff+@cs.cmu.edu (Robert Rubinoff) writes...
>In article <93105.230230U23590@uicvm.uic.edu> <U23590@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>>Note that Bo Gritz was on the Populist party ticket with David
>>Duke (for veep) in 1988 until he found out that Duke was leading
>>he ticket, when he withdrew his candidacy.  So Gritz gave up his
>>chance to be Vice President of the US just to aviod supporting
>>Duke.

>I'd hardly call that "giving up his chance to be Vice President of the US";
>the chance of the Populist Party ticket winning is essentially nil.  Still,
>it does imply that he doesn't want to be associated with Duke.

>  Robert

Exactly, after all he was in the same party, probably just didn't want the
bad press that being directly associated with Duke would bring.  Conversely,
is his disdain for David Duke supposed to make us ideolize him?  I mean
a stand against neo-nazism ... Whoa!  Now that's progressive!  Come on.

I certainly know that I would refuse and openly denounce my Vice Presidency
if it meant putting him in control.

								--Stephen White

| 	"Live simply that others may simply live" --Mohandas K. Gandhi	       |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54569
From: loki@acca.nmsu.edu (Entropic Destroyer)
Subject: Need info on 43:1 and suicide for refutation

The following is quoted from the tail end of a (rather condescending)
article about Paxton Quigley, that appeared in US Snooze and World Lies,
(sorry... i think it was in the wall street journal...)
and was repeated in the Colorado (people's) Daily, a student newspaper
at the University of Colorado at Boulder.

"A study of residential gunsot deaths in King County, Wash., found that
a gun in the home was 43 times more likely to be used to kill its owner,
spouse, a friend, or child than to kill an intruder.  Studies by the 
Western Psychiatric Institute, in Pittsburgh, found that the mere presence
of a gun in the home sharply incresases the likelihood a family member
will commit suicide, even in the absence of psychiatric illness."

I have seen these numbers quoted before, and I have seen very specific
refutation of them quoted as well.  If someone will be so kind as to
email the relevant information, I will write a letter to the editor of
the Co. Daily (which might get published) and send a copy to USN&WR as
well.

Thanx...

--Dan

--
  DoD #202 / loki@acca.nmsu.edu / liberty or death / taylordf@ucsu.colorado.edu 
                 Send me something even YOU can't read...
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.1

mQCNAitfksQAAAEEAKceEjWI9f5KMJyKP0LOgC5dGHRpbMY2xhOo8kpEHMDyuf8a
1BfDQSj53kosTz6HRoshSDzLVuL1/40vPjmMNtFR+vyZ4jvd3rL4iuq2umMmex3M
itf3uLt8Xn/v/QAbsvhcFSHVJVK4Lf6wosuCMO03m2TiX31AI7VB0Uzo4yXjAAUX
tCREYW5pZWwgRiBUYXlsb3IgPExva2lAYWNjYS5ubXN1LmVkdT4=
=S5ib
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54570
From: kckluge@eecs.umich.edu (Karl Kluge)
Subject: Re: Gritz/JBS/Liberty Lobby/LaRouche/Christic Insitute/Libertarian/....


> From: arf@genesis.MCS.COM (Jack Schmidling)
> Subject: Re: Gritz/JBS/Liberty Lobby/LaRouche/Christic Insitute/Libertarian/....
> Date: 15 Apr 1993 20:57:53 -0500
> 
> I can't speak for the organizations you cited but everywhere you look in
> our society and government, one can see the relentless movement toward
> one world government.  The fact that the media demeans such charished 
> values as patriotism, nationalism and protectionism are some of the
> clues....Our porous border both people and trade are an indiciation that 
> we have already lost a great deal of sovergnty.

...and I'm sure that people who were big fans of fuedalism pissed and
moaned about the emergence of the modern nation-state. Imagine, the King
allowing serfs their freedom if they could live in the city for a year!
Times change, technology changes, viable forms of social organization
change. While concerns about preserving Western notions of civil liberties
in the face of cultures with very different values is a valid one, it's
a waste of effort to try to turn back the tide. It's much smarter to focus
on trying to make sure that the emerging forms of social organization are
acceptable than it iss to lament the passing of the old forms.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54571
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <C5L0n2.5LL@ulowell.ulowell.edu>, jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) writes:
>
>So the phrase "the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall 
>not be infringed" must either qualify or explain the phrase "a well 
>regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state."  

[stuff deleted]

>Since "the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be
>infringed" does not describe, modify or make less harsh anything and
>it has nothing to do with grammar or some sort of position or task.
>By process of elimination it must fall into definition #3.  And since
>#3 deals with legal power, the same thing the Constitution does, it
>must be the correct definition in this case.  Therefore, "the right 
>of the people to keep and bear Arms" gives legal power to the "well 
>regualated militia" and this legal power "shall not be infringed".  

Ah, clarification by obfuscation.

Actually, the words "A well regulated Milita, being necessary to the
security of a free state" is a present participle, used as an
adjective to modify 'militia', which is followed by the main clause of
the sentence, the subject being 'the right', the verb 'shall'.  It
asserts that the right to keep and bear arms is essential for
maintaining a milita.  The sentence doesn't restrict the right, or
state or imply possession of the right by anyone or anything other
than the people.  All it does is make a positive statement regarding a
right of the people. The PEOPLE, as in you and me, as in the First,
Fourth, Ninth, Tenth, as well as the Second amendment.
The existence of this right is assumed - it is not granted by the
amendment. There is no stated or implied condition relating the right
to bear arms to the necessity of a well-regulated militia to the security of
a free state.
In other words, the entire sentence says that the right to keep and
bear arms is UNCONDITIONAL.


>So in effort not to force my views and not "to destory our Liberties and
>Rights,"  I state that nothing I have written, or will write, in
>the matter of "Liberties and Rights" is the final word.  For I am only
>one person among many and the final word on "Liberties and Rights" cleary
>and irrevocably belongs to the many.

The final word on liberties and rights should not belong "to the
many".  That is why we have a Constitution.  Otherwise, a tyrrany of
the majority can ensue from "popular" opinion, a concept which you
should be familiar with from the Federalist papers.

Al
[standard disclaimer]


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54572
From: gary@colossus.cgd.ucar.edu (Gary Strand)
Subject: Re: The Slaughter

  [followups to talk.politics.guns]

rl> Russell Lawrence
kr> Karl Rominger

kr> I support the right of any citizen with out a criminal history to own and
    use firearms, regardless of race, gender, and RELIGION.

rl> Thanks for admitting that you, yourself, adhere to an illogical dogma.

  Well, folks in t.p.guns, want to show how Russell's "illogical dogma" is
  wrong?

--
Gary Strand                      Opinions stated herein are mine alone and are
strandwg@ncar.ucar.edu            not representative of NCAR, UCAR, or the NSF

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54573
From: crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com (Ron Phillips)
Subject: Randy Weaver Trial - Day 2 

This was posted to the firearms-politics mailing list.
==============================================================
Hi Folks;

Wednesday marked day 2, the beginning of the trial.  Opening
statements were given by both the prosecution and the defense,
each side presenting its version of what happenned last August.

The prosecution argued that Weaver and his family moved to
Idaho in 1983 anticipating a battle with the "evil" federal
government.  The prosecution alleges that Weaver sold federal
agents "sawed off" shotguns and later failed to appear for
trial: Despite repeated "good faith" efforts to get Weaver
to surrender peacefully, Weaver refused.  The shootout erupted
when Weaver discovered agents on a surveillance mission and
began firing.  According to the prosecution, three people
were taking an "offensive action" against an FBI helicopter
when an FBI sniper killed Vicki Weaver.

The defense argued that Weaver and his family moved to northern
Idaho in 1983 to practice their religion in peace.  They wanted
simply to be left alone.  Weaver was induced by federal agents to
sell the short-barrelled shotgun (and did not, as the prosecution
alleged, want to become a "regular supplier").  The defense also
argued that the federal government sought to arrest Weaver when
he wouldn't become an informant [it is not specified explicitly,
but I assume that this is a reference to the white separatist
angle of the story.  We'll know more as things develop].  The
failure to appear in court happenned because Weaver was given
an incorrect court date and then indicted before that date.
The shootout occurred when federal agent Arthur Roderick killed
Weaver's dog that was in proximity to Weaver's son, Samuel.  Weaver
then fired in self-defense.  In the ensuing battle, federal
agent William Degan was killed (when his gun was later found,
there were 7 .223 cases nearby and the gun was on semi-automatic:
However, agents were near the body for an extended period of
time and could have played with the select-fire - this will
have to be more fully explained).  Finally, the defense claims
that Vicki Weaver was only going to "look at the body" [not recover?]
of her son when she was cut-down by an FBI sniper.

Prosecution quote: "Weaver wanted that confrontation, and he made
that confrontation." -- Asst. U.S. Attorney Kim Lindquist

Defense quote: "The evidence in this case is going to show that
this is a case where Randy Weaver and Kevin Harris are charged
with crimes they didn't commit in order to cover crimes that
the government did commit."  -- Gerry Spence  [nice soundbite!]

Notes: The _Idaho Statesman_ claims that Weaver supporters
heeded a call from Spence not to repeat yesterday's protests
outside the courthouse.  However, the local NBC affiliate
again had footage on the 10:00 news with 5 supporters including
"Tim" again.  "Tim" claimed he was a skinhead, who were "ordinary,
working class people."  He also claimed he was for "white pride,
not white power."

Outside the courthouse the television crew had an impromptu interview
with Bo Gritz, who charged that the neo-nazi protestors are exactly
what the government wants to smear Randy Weaver.

In an affiliated article carried in the _Idaho Statesman_, about
a dozen lawyers were among the 70 or so people packed into the
courthouse.  These lawyers were present to watch Gerry Spence
in action, and to perhaps learn something from him.  Some
tidbits: Spence flatly told the jurors that he and his son Kent
were volunteering their time to represent Weaver because they
believed in him.  Spence, during his 90-minute opening statement,
repeatedly walked behind Weaver and placed his hands on the
defendants shoulders (Weaver broke down and cried during the
recounting of his wife's death), and Spence compared the "sawed
off" shotgun to driving 56 mph when the limit was 55 (another
good one!).

Today (Thursday, April 15th) the prosecution was scheduled to
begin presenting evidence.

Drew
=============================================================


-- 
**************************************************************
* Ron Phillips               crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com *
* Senior Customer Engineer                                   *
* Intergraph Electronics                                     *
* 381 East Evelyn Avenue               VOICE: (415) 691-6473 *
* Mountain View, CA 94041              FAX:   (415) 691-0350 *
**************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54574
From: crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com (Ron Phillips)
Subject: Randy Weaver Trail - Day 3 

This was posted to the firearms-politics mailing list.
=============================================================
Hi Folks;

Thursday, April 15 marked Day 3 of the trial.

This day marked the first testimony of the trial.  Deputy
U.S. Marshal Larry Cooper took the stand for the prosecution.

The short version is that his testimony was consistent with
the opening statements for the prosecution.

Cooper testified that he had arrived in Spokane (Washington)
on August 17, 1992 to participate in a surveillance operation
with five other deputies near the Weaver cabin.  The team was
using night vision equipment for surveillance, and split up
into two teams of three people.  The six later met at an
observation point above the cabin.  After this, deputies
Cooper, William Degan, and Arthur Roderick began a descent to
scout further possible surveillance sites.

Cooper told the court that Roderick threw two large rocks into
a gully to see, "whether the [Weaver family] dogs would respond."
Striker, the Weaver's yellow lab, started toward them barking
loudly.  Roderick led the three in a run from the area.

They ran through some dense woods into an open area [called the
"fern field"] with the dog in pursuit.  By this time, Kevin
Harris and Samuel Weaver had joined the chase.  The surveillance
team had reached a Y in the road: Cooper decided that they should
take cover in the woods because otherwise they would be an easy
target and might be "shot in the back."

As Degan reached the Y, he spotted Randy Weaver coming down the
road from the cabin ahead.  Weaver was startled but did not fire.

At this moment, Striker reached Degan, and Cooper had to "fend
him off with his gun."  [It is unclear whether this means he
clubbed the dog or shot the dog].  Both Cooper and Degan then
took cover in the woods.  According to Cooper, Kevin Harris and
Samuel Weaver continued walking down the road, apparently not
noticing the two.  After they had passed by on the road, Degan
got up on one knee, raised his gun, and shouted, "Stop!  U.S.
Marshal!"  Harris then "...brought the weapon around at hip level
and fired.  He didn't bring the weapon up to eye level.  I saw
Bill's arm going back, and I knew he had been hit."  Cooper fired
at Harris, and Harris went down.  Cooper then brought his weapon
to bear on Samuel, but did not fire.  At this point, Cooper then
heard two shots to his right.  Samuel Weaver looked in the
direction of the shots, yelled, "You son of a bitch!" and ran
toward them.  Cooper then realized that shots were coming at him
from directly ahead, so he fired a three-round burst at the
cabin.  At this point he then saw Samuel Weaver running toward
the cabin.  When Cooper reached Degan, he placed his first two
fingers on Degan carotid artery, counted two or three beats, and
then his heart stopped.  Shortly thereafter, Roderick and the
other three marshals joined him.  They then all heard a large
burst of gunfire from the area around the cabin.

On cross-examination, David Nevin questioned the point of
throwing rocks into the gulley, asking, "You wanted to lure that
dog out so you could shoot that dog, didn't you?"  Nevin also
pointed out that in last September's testimony, Cooper had
claimed that he spotted Weaver after the dog had left him.
Cooper claimed that he had gone over the events in his head and
decided that Thursday's account was correct.  Nevin continued the
cross-examination by asking what Cooper would have done had an
armed man dressed in full camouflage jumped out of the woods at
him [no answer was available].

Friday, April 16 marks continued cross-examination of Cooper.

Notes: There was no coverage of protestors.

Drew
==============================================================

-- 
**************************************************************
* Ron Phillips               crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com *
* Senior Customer Engineer                                   *
* Intergraph Electronics                                     *
* 381 East Evelyn Avenue               VOICE: (415) 691-6473 *
* Mountain View, CA 94041              FAX:   (415) 691-0350 *
**************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54575
From: whughes@lonestar.utsa.edu (William W. Hughes)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

In article <mjones.735513787@fenway> mjones@donald.aix.kingston.ibm.com writes:
>whughes@lonestar.utsa.edu (William W. Hughes) writes:
>>I have already called senators, legislators and the Governor demanding
>>that the warrants be unsealed, and that all involved in this atrocity
>>(including the President, Attorney General and Governor) be suspended
>>pending an investigation.
>>Welcome to Amerika!
>Let's see...first, you want everybody up through the President suspended
>PENDING an investigation, then you refer to AMERIKA? Guess you remembered to
>take your irony supplements this morning, eh?

*sigh*

It is standard procedure to suspend law enforcement officers, or re-assign
them to administrative (non enforcement) duties, while an investigation
into possible misconduct is going on. The Administration has given no
indication that such suspensions will occur in this case. And given that
the president, attorney general and governor were all involved in the
decisions that led to the Waco Massacre, they should also suspend all
activities regarding law enforcement. Given their positions, that equates
to an enforced vacation.


-- 
                            REMEMBER WACO!
     Who will the government decide to murder next? Maybe you?
[Opinions are mine; I don't care if you blame the University or the State.]

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54576
From:  ()
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

In article <1r6p8oINN8hi@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
Arras) wrote:
>  
> I have not made up my mind about Waco, but there sure seems to be a group of  
> devoted government following fanatics willing to believe whatever that  
> government wants to tell them, without any shred of doubt, nor thought of thier
> own.  They sure get shrill whenever their belief structure is being shaken.
> 
> Kinda reminds you of the BDs, doesn't it?
> 
> Jim

Go to hell. I'm no "government [-] following fanatic." Your sweeping
generalizations evince your own ignorance. What were they supposed to do?
Just let him be? Fuck him. Fuck the ATF, too. They should've done it right
the first time.

joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54577
From:  ()
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1r5rnn$rdt@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>, bu008@cleveland.Freenet.Edu
(Brandon D. Ray) wrote:

> Perhaps you've been under a rock the last few days?  The BATF and the FBI
> are both federal agencies.  Clinton has admitted in front of news cameras
> that Janet Reno (the once and future Attorney General) gave him a full
> briefing of what was planned *before* they did it, and he gave her the
> go ahead.
> 
> Maybe, just possibly, that makes him a *teensy* bit responsible?

Perhaps you've been under a rock since, say, the turn of the century. How
in the #$^& is one man supposed to review every single freaking
governmental action, every day? That's why we have an executive branch. HE
reviewed the plan and said "go," but he wasn't the architect and he wasn't
there, bullhorn in hand, implementing it. Yes, he was responsible in the
sense that he was briefed. So what! Shit happens. That sounds like a
callous way to dismiss the deaths of 90+ people, but I can't understand why
people get so bent about the accidental death/suicide (which is it? could
take months...) of some total fucking sociopath/child molester and his
crazed followers while opposing U.S. intervention in Bosnia. Just like
Billy boy said. I think some of you people have too much time on your
hands, and screwed up priorities.

Just my HO...

joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54578
From:  ()
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1r6h4vINN844@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
Arras) wrote:
>   
> You seem to make two points.  No one ultimately oversees the federal agencies  
> you mention, and since Koresh "apparently" has a different view point from your  
> Baptist upbringing, then he is not worthy of protection from religious  
> persecution.  As to being the Messiah, is not Christ within us all?
> 
> Must be comforting to belong to a government approved religion.
> 
> Baptists are a cult, two, BTW, under most of the definitions in the dictionary  
> of "cult".
> 

I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
and M-16's/AR-15's and banging/marrying thirteen yuear olds. You're a sorry
son of a bitch if you can't draw a distinction between these two things.
People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend sociopaths
who aren't deserved of it. Get a life and chill on the paranoia.

joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54579
From:  ()
Subject: Re: BATF & FBI Do Right Thing in Waco

Ditto. Great post.

joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54580
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Re: Ammo in a fire (was Re: WACO burning)


In article <C5xBwr.5B8@world.std.com>, htf@world.std.com (Harry Carter) writes:
>sunshine@cco.caltech.edu (Tom Renner) writes:
>
>>v111qheg@ubvmsb.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION) writes:
>
>>>Can you imagine what happens when a magazine explodes? Bullets go flying every
>>>where. IMHO, these "gunshot wounds" were actually caused when the magazines 
>>>went up.
>
>>A minor technical point: unless a cartridge is contained (for example in the
>>chamber of a gun) when it goes off, very little of interest happens.....
>
>
>Quoting Hatcher's notebook:
>      The Sporting Arms and Ammunition Manufactures' Institute reported
>      a demonstration made by taking a large quantity of metallic
>      cartridges and shotgun shells and burning them in a fire of oil-
>      soaked wood.  The cartridges and shells exploded from time to
>      time, but there was no general explosion or throwing off of
>      bullets or shot to any distance.
>      Throughout the test the men conducting it remained within 20 ft.
>      of the fire without being injured in any way..... the material
>      of which the cartridge and shells are composed will usually not
>      fly more than a few feet.
>      In tests conducted by the National Rifle Association, both rifle
>      and pistol cartridges were exploded by heat under an ordinary
>      corrugated pasteboard carton, and neither fragments of the
>      cartridge cases nor bullets penetrated the cardboard.
>
>
>  Any scientists care to try this out in their kitchen?  :-)

Here goes:

More than a few years back (if you were born that year, you can legally drink),
we tried it out.  We found an 8 ft. deep cistern that we lined with some 10 ft.
2X6s.  We put a large can (one of those industrial sized pork'n beans cans)
stuffed with oily rags and scraps of wood in the bottom.  After lighting the
fire, we LOWERED a box of .38 Spc. SWCs into the can.  We heard pops, one solid
bang and several "fizzzz shussss".  After we thought the excitment was over, we
boldly climbed down to find that NONE of the bullets had left the can, several
of the shells were lieing around the bottom of the well and the boards had all
died of smoke inhalation.  And 5 or 6 of the shells still had live primers!
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54581
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Re: The Truth about Waco


In the videos of the original BATF attack on the BD church, did anyone
happen to see BATF agents on the highest structure, where Koresh's
room was? I don't recall seeing BATF agents higher than the roof of the
lowest structures, so I made an assumption that BATF helos did the
firing down into the tower. Any other info on how the rounds came
through the roof?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54582
From: HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In <1993Apr23.153005.8237@starbase.trincoll.edu> () writes:

> I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
> and M-16's/AR-15's and banging/marrying thirteen yuear olds. You're a sorry
> son of a bitch if you can't draw a distinction between these two things.
> People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend sociopaths
> who aren't deserved of it. Get a life and chill on the paranoia.

  I am not a paranoid, nor a government toady, nor even am I the guy you were
talking to originally, but I think you are simply NOT PAYING ATTENTION.

  A bunch of people living off by themselves with a lot of guns nearby is not
that wierd in Texas.  My own family, very quiet taxpayers with extremely con-
ventional views, has something like 10 rifles and shotguns in a two-person
home.  Some of them were mine, but I don't live there anymore.  I now have
my own shotgun in my apartment.

  Texas Child Protective Services (which loves to find child abuse) found no,
I repeat NO, evidence of abuse when they first looked at the BD, and is saying
that they see none in any of the kids who were released.  There is no evidence
that Koresh was banging anyone but his wives.

  It is not against the law to stockpile (most) weapons or campbell's soup.  
Nor is there any hard evidence in the form of actual hardware (as I write this)
to prove the BD really had any *proscribed* weapons.

  I feel they were all loonies, but there is no indication that they ever 
bothered anyone.  They were gone after in the wrong ways for the wrong reasons,
and the BATF and FBI who are so busy trumpeting this child abuse angle hasn't
got a leg to stand on or any right to be involved in such abuse cases anyway. 
If there was any real danger of the BD's going out on a rampage, then that
is up to the officers of the state of Texas, who are probably getting a per-
verse bit of pleasure at getting to torque the Feds for fucking up something
in their state.

semper fi,

Jammer Jim Miller 
Texas A&M University '89 and '91
________________________________________________________________________________
 I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
"Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing System."
 "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
      ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54583
From: irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <C5vGME.GoA@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:
>In article <C5v9Fv.Krt@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>>In article <C5uHuo.Awq@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:
>>>In article <nate.1485.735408842@psygate.psych.indiana.edu> nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle) writes:
>>>>    Yeah, as information trickles in... funny how that works...
>>>
>>>Funny, yeah, funny how you didn't wait for the FBI spokesdroid 
>>>latest reversal of "facts" before proclaiming the BD's burned
>>>themselves to death.
>>
>>If you won't believe anything the government says, and the press
>>is not reliable according to the same logic, then what do you base
>>your statements on?  Wild speculation laced with a healthy dose
>>of paranoia?
>
>Are you a moron or just illiterate? The "facts" that the FBI 

Neither.  

>proclaimed on Monday suddenly weren't "facts" anymore by 
>the Tuesday press conference.

You don't have to pay attention to any one source, neither do you
have to abandon your critical thinking, but to disregard all sources
of information as 'lies' and 'distortions' and substitute your own
pet theories is more likely to get you wild untruths than by basing
your theories on the 'facts' as they are reported by the media and
the government.

> There has beed NO evidence of
>anyone setting the fire deliberately you simpleton so

Actually there was evidence of the fire being set deliberately -
both testamony by the survivors and IR tape showing the fire
being set in 3 places AND the petrochemical soot that the fire 
was giving off (indications of kerosine or gasoline feeding the
fire).  

You might not believe 1 or 2 if you are totally paranoid or very
skeptical, but my 3rd point is visible to anyone who watches the
tapes of the fire and has started a BBQ grill.

>what are YOU basing your statements on? Oh, I forgot, you're
>the guy that doesn't know microwave oven need electricity,
>never mind.

Ho ho ho.  I listen to NPR, watch CNN, NBC.  I also read the
papers.   Where do you get YOURS?

-- 
<><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
<>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
<><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54584
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

>>That's The BD side of the story.  The other is that D. Koresh met
>>agents at the door with a weapon.  Remember the affidavit indicates
>>that Koresh had spent $200,000 on assault weapons in the past year and
>>now we know that the 'bunker' adjacent to the house is thigh deep with
>>a million rounds of ammunition.



	* The news statement was that there was $200,000 worth of "firearms
	  and ammunition (no mention of "assault weapons")" on the premises,
	  not that Koresh had purchased them (what would his crime be if he
	  had?).  This averages to about $2000 per person, not an astronomical
	  number.

	* We don't know that there is a thigh-deep pile of a million rounds...
	  we know that the FBI SAYS there is a pile of a million rounds. 

	* This is the first I've heard that Koresh was identified as being
	  at the door with a weapon.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54585
From: kam@cv.hp.com (Keith Marchington)
Subject: Re: Your Evil Tax Dollars at Work, was RE: ATF BURNS RANCH ETC ETC...

Mark 'Mark' Sachs (MBS110@psuvm.psu.edu) wrote:

: Oh? Then why did the smoke and flames start from three different places?
: In particular, three different places where there were no APV's?

The crushed remains of a PRESSURIZED propane tank were found in the ruins
of the BD compound.  The key word is PRESSURIZED.  When that baby was 
crushed, the gas would have gone all over the place.  And when ignited, 
would look just like the pictures of the explosion we saw on the TV 
news.  Ammo doesn't go up all at once - kind of like fireworks going off.
Propane gas goes off in a big fireball.  Gee, that's kind of consistent 
with what the pictorial history shows.  Hmmmmm...

: And if the government did start the fire, then why weren't people trying
: to get out of the compound?

Remember, PRESSURIZED gas.  People all over the building.
Conflagration in less than a minute.  Huge explosion.  Gas masks being
worn by the inhabitants.  Makes a lot of sense that very few of those
on the inside would even know that the tank was damaged.  If they
thought it was just a normal fire, they would probably be trying to
put it out.  Then - BOOM - the fireball.  After that explosion and 
concussion, I doubt anybody on the inside of the building was capable
of moving.

: And besides... oh, I don't know why I'm even bothering.

Good question.  Take an objective look at what happened, listen to the 
things that the FBI said ("The BD's started the fire."  "The BD's bodies
were found with gunshot wounds.") that are now being refuted by the 
evidence being recovered.  Seems that the FBI is deliberately making
statements that have no rational basis in fact, and trying to make
them sound like fact.  

: I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem eager to believe
: a murderous, heavily-armed religious cult, despite much evidence to the
: contrary. Thought Experiment: Suppose this exact same thing happened under
: the Bush administration. What would your answer be then? Would you still
: prefer to believe the cultists?

Yes, I would still believe that the FBI and the BATF were on a non-stop
string of lies and half-truths.  This is consistent with their operations
on numerous occasions.

And as for the BD's being murderous, they did not cause any problems until
they were assaulted by the BATF.  So now a thought experiment for you:  If
the BATF had never stormed that farm, would four agents and 90 BD's be
dead today?  

: (No, I don't really expect a response to that challenge.)

: >But then
: >again, that is how Mr. Clinton was elected, by people who believe that
: >his campaign promisses would be respected by him once he got into office.

: Um, isn't that how all politicians are elected?

Yes.  That is how politicians are elected.  Kind of scary, isn't it.  Now
if we as a people actually held Mr. Clinton to his promises instead of
apologizing and denying that he ever made them, and actually expected
accountability by our government, I doubt that debacles like Waco would
happen as often as they do.

: So is there any particular reason the gummint decided to slaughter eighty
: people? Are they, like, just plain evil, or what? Did they just wake up
: one day, stretch and yawn, and throw a dart at a map of the United States
: to figure out who to oppress that day? I'm eager to know.

Acutally, no.  THe BATF has a rather checkered history of staging raids of
this sort just prior to the time when their budget comes up for review.  
Oddly enough, their budget was about to be reviewed just two weeks after
the initial raid on the BD's.  "Coincidence?  I think not!"

And as for the fire, what happened was caused by the act of knocking over
walls with an armored vehicle of destruction.  The FBI tried to convince
the world it was suicide, but all of the facts that are coming out by
the investigation of the Texas rangers and medical examiners point to 
a gas explosion and quick fire that decimated all of the occupants of the
building.  Sounds to me like a law enforcement agency that is trying to 
cover its ass.  

: And does Bill Clinton have cooler theme music than Darth Vader? How is he
: on diabolical laughter? Does he look good in a cape? These things MUST be
: investigated. You first.

Oh, please.  If you want to argue, argue.  If  you merely want to demean those
who see this differently than you, then please go somewhere else.  

: Mark Sachs IS: mbs110@psuvm.psu.edu

Keith Marchington

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54586
From: wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf)
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

In article <1993Apr23.151855.7011@starbase.trincoll.edu> () writes:
>In article <1r6p8oINN8hi@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
>Arras) wrote:
>>  
>> I have not made up my mind about Waco, but there sure seems to be a group of  
>> devoted government following fanatics willing to believe whatever that  
>> government wants to tell them, without any shred of doubt, nor thought of thier
>> own.  They sure get shrill whenever their belief structure is being shaken.
>> 
>> Kinda reminds you of the BDs, doesn't it?
>> 
>> Jim
>
>Go to hell. I'm no "government [-] following fanatic." Your sweeping
>generalizations evince your own ignorance. What were they supposed to do?
>Just let him be? Fuck him. Fuck the ATF, too. They should've done it right
>the first time.
>
>joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu


This is, apparently, what passes for intelligent discourse at Trinity.
Joe "FBI cultist" Kusmierczak gets angry when its pointed out that
the FBI has told him is a LIE, the mounting evidence is that 
they've lied about almost every detail of 4/19 except that they
were there. What can you expect of cultists like him, somebody
oughtta burn him out, and if he's trapped, well, good riddance!
Right Joe?

-- 
 +   Wayne J. Warf -- WWARF@ucs.indiana.edu -- I speak for myself only   +
 |*Clinton*Gore*CIA*FBI*DEA*Assassinate*Bomb*WoD*BoR*ATF*IRS*Resist*NSA* |
 |*Christian*God*Satan*Apocalypse*ZOG*Nazi*Socialist*Communist*Explosive*|
 +*fundamentalist*revolution*NSC*Federal Reserve*Constitution*gold*FEMA* +

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54587
From: pngai@adobe.com (Phil Ngai)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr23.140355.25353@icd.ab.com> kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead) writes:
>dusek@rtsg.mot.com (James P. Dusek) writes:
>>>	If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
>>>burning building?
>
>Could be a lot of reasons, James...  We won't know until the survivors are
>allowed to speak for themselves, rather than through an FBI spokesman.

Some of the survivors have been "interviewed" on TV as they were going
to or returning from court. They basically said, no way was there any
kind of suicide pact or attempt.

-- 
 Remember the Texas holocaust.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54588
From: irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <1r6klv$64f@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>In article <C5v9Fv.Krt@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>> In article <C5uHuo.Awq@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:
>> >In article <nate.1485.735408842@psygate.psych.indiana.edu> nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle) writes:
>> >>    Yeah, as information trickles in... funny how that works...
>> >
>> >Funny, yeah, funny how you didn't wait for the FBI spokesdroid 
>> >latest reversal of "facts" before proclaiming the BD's burned
>> >themselves to death.
>> 
>> If you won't believe anything the government says, and the press
>> is not reliable according to the same logic, then what do you base
>> your statements on?  Wild speculation laced with a healthy dose
>> of paranoia?
>
>Funny, Brent, but so far we have heard two versions of the "facts:"
>
>1) What the government says.  This includes what the government says that
>   two survivors have said.
>
>2) What Koresh's lawyer (who was actually inside the compound) says,
>   including what he says that most of the survivors have said.
>
>Strange, but they seem to disagree in most important particulars.
>
>If anyone has actually seen news reports of any of the survivors
>speaking first-hand, feel free ot pitch in.  I may have missed it.
>But my money is that their story will sound a hell of a lot like
>case 2, and not at all like case 1.

Since neither side would be particularly interested in telling the truth,
you have to weigh the 'facts' given by each yourself, and weigh it with
the newsreporting if you care.

Many cult members will probably side with the attorney, and if he
is lying, change their stories to match his.  And if the Feds also
lie, the cult members who become disillusioned will change their
stories to match the Feds.  

Neither sides are interested in the truth.  The Media is more interested,
but usually either don't have the time to get it straight or tie themselves
to the ratings and deliberately distort.  

For me, though, the black soot billowing outside the compound added with
how fast the fire spread ponted to *someone* dousing large parts of the
compound with some sort of gasoline or fire-starter.  I doubt the Feds
did that as they were more interested in arresting Vernon.  The real
unbalanced one (at least the one that lost his cool) was Vernon, so
I figured that he was more likely to do it (after all he was Jesus 
being persecuted by the authorities, and had followers to hold onto,
so made the decision.  He and his followers also probably felt that they
were rocketing to heaven by doing this stuff).  Thsi conclusion, I came
to after umpteen million hours of listening to NPR and other radio
shows (I always have the radio going when I am in my office on some
innocuous talk-show or news program as background noise).


-- 
<><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
<>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
<><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54589
From: kam@cv.hp.com (Keith Marchington)
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

 wrote:
: In article <1r6p8oINN8hi@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
: Arras) wrote:
: >  
: > I have not made up my mind about Waco, but there sure seems to be a group of  
: > devoted government following fanatics willing to believe whatever that  
: > government wants to tell them, without any shred of doubt, nor thought of thier
: > own.  They sure get shrill whenever their belief structure is being shaken.
: > 
: > Kinda reminds you of the BDs, doesn't it?
: > 
: > Jim

: Go to hell. I'm no "government [-] following fanatic." Your sweeping
: generalizations evince your own ignorance. What were they supposed to do?
: Just let him be? 

Yes.  Given the history of the BD's and the fact that they were just 
peacefully minding their own business, I think this would have been
the correct course of action in the very beginning.  Everything that
followed was a direct result of the major media fuck-up that the BATF
perpetrated just over 51 days ago.

:Fuck him. Fuck the ATF, too. They should've done it right
: the first time.

: joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Yep, no doubt about it.  They should have just bombed those kooks
right from the git-go.  Yeah, sure!  So much for any resemblence
to an America that abides by the Constitution.  So much for feeling
safe in your home.  So much for any of the rights enumerated in the
Bill of Rights being upheld.  Why bother?  They just get in the way
of an effective government.  That is, a government of the elite, by
the elite, for the elite.  

Joe, attitudes like yours frighten me.  You have very few facts about
what actually happened, and what information you do have came from a 
single source, the FBI/BATF.  Yet you are more than happy to pronounce
the BD's guilty-as-charged based on this one-sided testimony.  Scary!

--
Keith Marchington

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54590
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Re: Feds Caught in Another Lie


In article <1993Apr23.120935.21848@icd.ab.com>, kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead) writes:
>Well, after 2 days of hearing that 3 of the BD bodies had
>been shot in the head (Horrors!  Another Jonestown! Crazed
>Cultists!  Child Abusers!  WHACKOS in Waco!), last night the 
>medical examiner was on TV and was pretty vehement in denying
>that ANY of them had bullet wounds...  he seemed just a tad upset 
>at the Feds for having spread that rumor.  (Aw, gee, he shouldn't 
>be so hard on them;  they're just practicing the new principle 
>of "flexible reality" that their big boss has implemented.)
>
>Before long, I think all the kneejerk government apologists
>are going to start getting pretty pissed off at how easily
>they were misled.

Two notes of interest from Texas:

The Tarrant Couonty ME (who is doing the autopsies) is well known for rendering
judgements that are contrary to the police view.  He presented evidence a few
years ago that a man who police said was pointing a gun at them actually had
his hands in the air.  This does not bode well for the boys in black.

The Texas Dept. of Public Saftey and the Texas Rangers have no great love for
the ATF.  I have heard them referred to as "those fucking cowboys".  The DPS
was totally squeezed out of the BD operation and resented being left as
"traffic cops".  ATF now has two strikes against them.

Finally (I guess that makes three notes), rumour from Waco is that four ATF
agents were stopped by four Waco police cars and a DPS trooper after one of the
flashed "an automatic weapon" at a cop.  Lots of pissed of cops.  And you
wonder why there were so few cops really cheering on the ATF.
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54591
From: irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <dusek.735489223@shale> dusek@rtsg.mot.com (James P. Dusek) writes:
>ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig) writes:
>>or the cultists...) I think I'll quote the BBC quoting (actually voice
>>interview) one of the two British survivors. He claimed that the fire
>>started when the tanks caused an internal wooden wall/roof to collapse
>>knocking over kerosene lamps and that they had no suicide plan.
>
>	If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
>burning building?

In this case, it was unimportant as to who set the fire.  The Davidians
would have burned no matter what, ESPECIALLY if the BATF/FBI set the
fire as this would make the beseiged martyrs to Vernon Howell and
therefore rocket to heaven.  A few comments from the remaining
Davidians scattered throughout the country seemed to confirm this
theory (One cult member said that she wished that she had been there,
and that now she would have to wait for Vernon to Return for them.  She
actually seemed upset that she did not burn with them).

While I think that Vernon started the fire (his followers anyway), 
it is incidental to their reaction.

-- 
<><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
<>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
<><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54592
From: auerbach@batman.bmd.trw.com
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <scottj-230493091606@iamac-1.dml.georgetown.edu>, scottj@magic.dml.georgetown.edu (John L. Scott) writes:
> In article <dusek.735489223@shale>, dusek@rtsg.mot.com (James P. Dusek)
> wrote:
>> 	If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
>> burning building?
> 
> Okay, James, tell you what: I'll but you in a building with 90 other
> people.  I'll put you in a highly tense situation.  I'll subject you to
> sleep deprivation, remove your utilities, march tanks back in forth in
> front of you, play recordings of tortured rabbits at high volume, shine
> bright lights in your windows, threaten to attack you at any time, and cut
> you off from the outside world, all for weeks at a time.  Then, I'll begin
> to smash in the building you're in, destroying passages and stairs and
> spreading debris everywhere.  At the same time, I'll pump in massive
> quantities of nasty tear gas, for six hours.  

STOP IT!!!! ENOUGH!!! I'm out of there!  I mean, I'm a relatively sane person. 
God knows I'm weak and will forgive me.  But I'm not stupid enough to stay in
this place any longer.  I WANT OUT!!!

>You'll be holed up in a small
> area with 90 sweaty people on a hot day.  Then the building will fill with
> smoke and become a inferno.  90 people in a small room will try to leave
> with you.  And Jim, if you don't make it out, won't you agree that it must
> be because you wanted to die?
> 
> Besides, nine people *did* successfully flee the fire.

Yeah, and at least one person ran back in. SOunds like a personal choice to me.
Religious fanaticsm, and a beleive that dying in the 'defense' of your beliefs,
is probably at the core of what happened in Waco. We in the west tend to
disregard fanaticsm of the type displayed by many Moslem fundamentalist groups
who see nothing wrong with dying for their beliefs/convictions. I suspect that
this same type of fanaticsm was displayed by the BDs. BUt we'll probably never
know...

Karl

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54593
From: irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <4615@isgtec.isgtec.com> robert@isgtec.com (Robert Osborne) writes:
>Michael Frederick Rhein (mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU) wrote:
># In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
># >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
>#                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
># As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day  
># in Texas.
>
>Not that I agree with the original theory or anything, buuuuut:
>Since their utilities were turned off they might be using wood stoves
>to cook their meals.

But they also might have run out of fire-wood (maybe chopping up furnature?).

They also may not have been cooking, but eating MREs and other
delicacies stored for just such an occation...

Just a thought.

Brent "Yes I am well aware that their electricity was cut, thanks to the
HUNDREDS of E-mail messages and replies to my post" Irvine

-- 
<><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
<>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
<><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54596
From: lilak@peaks.enet.dec.com (Rod Lilak)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1


In article <93Apr22.234553edt.47633@neat.cs.toronto.edu>, quoctp@cs.toronto.edu (Quoc Tuan Pham) writes:
|>Xref: nntpd2.cxo.dec.com misc.legal:62088 talk.politics.guns:56997 alt.activism:43746
|>Path: nntpd2.cxo.dec.com!pa.dec.com!decwrl!ames!agate!howland.reston.ans.net!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!cs.utexas.edu!utnut!utcsri!relay.cs.toronto.edu!neat.cs.toronto.edu!cs.toronto.edu!quoctp
|>Newsgroups: misc.legal,talk.politics.guns,alt.activism
|>From: quoctp@cs.toronto.edu (Quoc Tuan Pham)
|>Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1
|>Message-ID: <93Apr22.234553edt.47633@neat.cs.toronto.edu>
|>Organization: Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto
|>References: <1993Apr21.021301.25113@r-node.hub.org>
|>Date: 23 Apr 93 03:46:24 GMT
|>Lines: 3
|>
|>Did anyone notice that Clinton was smiling and making jokes just before
|>this press conference? Considering the number of people killed, this 
|>seems very inappropriate to me.
|>

Or, did anyone notice that when Clinton referred to the Davidians as
'religious fanatics' that a round of spontaneous applause burst forth from
the reporters ? 

To me this was not only in poor taste, but it showed the media's bias and
hostility to anyone not of the politically correct stripe.  No wonder they
have been cheerleading for the kgBATF and the FBI during this whole affair.

			Rod
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"It [collectivism vs individualism] is an ancient conflict. Men have come
close to the truth, but it was destroyed each time and one civilization fell
after another. Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The
savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe.
Civilization is the process of setting man free from men."
    -- Ayn Rand : 'Roark's speech from the _Fountainhead_'
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I don't speak for my company. We hire the 'Politically Correct' to do that.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54597
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Re: Two Questions

In article <16BB910F7.PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU> PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU (David Veal) writes:
>In article <16BB8C820.SBANKA@VM.TEMPLE.EDU>
>SBANKA@VM.TEMPLE.EDU writes:
> 
>>I'd appreciate any help anyone could give me on these two questions:
>>
>>The Brady Bill was in the news throughout 1992 but what actually happened to
>>it in Congress?  Did Bush veto it?  If so, when?
> 
>       The Brady Bill passed the House in 1992, but failed to reach a
>vote in the Senate.  As such, it never reached Bush.  (Sarah Brady's
>condemnation not-withstanding).

I have a joint House-Senate conference committe report (i.e., crime bill)
for the 102rd Congress which contains a "Brady Bill -- 7 day waiting period"
within it.  I believe it just died and never came up for a vote in either
house.

>       It'll probably pass the House again, and will probably pass the
>Senate if they can get it to a vote.  Whether of not they'll be busy
>with other things will be the question.

They got four years of Clinton's support to pass it.
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54598
From: cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

On Tue, 20 Apr 1993 21:30:12 GMT, Pete Zakel (phz@cadence.com) wrote:
> In article <1993Apr16.010235.14225@mtu.edu> cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter) writes:
> >You didn't even get the capitalization correct!  Try reading USCA on
> >the Constitution, or get any other CORRECT version of the
> >Constitution. 

> This is REALLY STUPID nitpicking.  Capitalization rules in the late 18th
> century were quite different from today, and what was posted matches current
> capitalization rules.

pete zakel is right, we don't need to worry about capitalization
rules. after all, the punctuation gives all the necessary information
about the sentence structure. why should anyone worry about whether the
text is as close to the original as possible. (sarcasm intended). 

> In the original Constitution, "militia", "arms", etc. were capitalized simply
> because they were nouns.  This is also done currently in German.  There is
> no special significance to these words simply because they are capitalized.
> The capitalization denotes no special emphasis.

Then you didn't understand my grumble...  Again, I said to get a
CORRECT version of the Constitution.  The first indicator that
something is wrong (i.e. the copy has been modernized) is the modern
capitalization rules.  The next thing to go is the spelling, and then
I've even seen versions where the GRAMMAR was modernized (oh, but
don't worry, modernizing the grammar won't change the meaning of the
text, right?... ;-)  [p.s.  I have found about 10 *different* versions
of the Constitution on the network; And accuracy DOES matter...]

--
Charles Scripter   *   cescript@phy.mtu.edu
Dept of Physics, Michigan Tech, Houghton, MI 49931
-------------------------------------------------------------
"...when all government... in little as in great things, shall be
drawn to Washington as the centre of all power, it will render
powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will
become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we
separated."   Thomas Jefferson, 1821

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54599
From: jlacey@cbnewsl.cb.att.com (james.w.lacey)
Subject: Re: What to do if you shoot somebody

In article <93108.025818U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>I have heard many opinions on this subject and would like to hear more from
>the people on the net.
>
>Say you're in a situation where you have to pull a gun on somebody.  You
>give them a chance to get away but they decided to continue in their
>action anyway and you end up shooting and killing them.  My question is
>what do you do?  Should you stay and wait for the cops or should you
>collect your brass (if you're using a semi-auto) and get out of there
>(provided of course you don't think that you have been seen)?  What kind
>of laws are on the books regarding this type of situation?  What would
>be the most likely thing to happen to you if you stayed and waited and
>it was a first offense?  What would happen if you took off but someone
>saw you and you were caught?
>

In Massachusetts, you will likely be arrested for murder, but
if you convince the cops/DA that you used lethal force because
of threat of death or serious bodily harm, then the charges
would probably be dropped.  If you run away and are later caught,
then you will have a much harder time convincing cops/judge/jury
of your innocence.  Going "on the lam" is seen as an indication
of guilt by a lot of people.

-- 
     Jim Lacey  --  my own opinions    
     email:  att!cbnewsl!jlacey  or  jlacey@cbnewsl.cb.att.com
     D'ou venons-nous? Que sommes-nous? Ou allons-nous?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54600
From: chrisb@natinst.com (Chris Bartz)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r8vg9$rl5@bigboote.WPI.EDU> mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
>># >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
>
>for heating purposes because of the weather in Texas.  Everyone now claims 
>that it was for cooking.  Stop and think about this.

This whole thread is rediculous.  Who cares if they had a stove going
or not.  Does it matter if they had a stove burning, or lanterns
burning, or candles burning, or someone smoking, etc, etc, etc.  The
premise is that the FBI was filling the house with napalm so that it
would catch fire.  This is crazy.  FBI was NOT PUMPING NAPALM into the
Davidians home.  You will have to have pretty damn strong evidence to
convince me of that.

I can believe mass suicide/murder by Koresh.  I can believe an
accident by the Davidians.  I can believe an accident by the FBI.  I
can easily believe mass stupidity on all sides but I can not believe
that the FBI lit this fire intentionally.  No way.

-- 
-- chris bartz (chrisb@natinst.com)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54601
From: wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <C5y1LJ.7At@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>In article <C5vGME.GoA@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:
>>In article <C5v9Fv.Krt@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>>>In article <C5uHuo.Awq@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:
>>>>In article <nate.1485.735408842@psygate.psych.indiana.edu> nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle) writes:
>>>>>    Yeah, as information trickles in... funny how that works...
>>>>
>>>>Funny, yeah, funny how you didn't wait for the FBI spokesdroid 
>>>>latest reversal of "facts" before proclaiming the BD's burned
>>>>themselves to death.
>>>
>>>If you won't believe anything the government says, and the press
>>>is not reliable according to the same logic, then what do you base
>>>your statements on?  Wild speculation laced with a healthy dose
>>>of paranoia?

Then post what the press has said, not what you wished they said.
The Medical Examiner has refuted the FBI "facts" and if you don't
believe someone who has a LOT more reason to be impartial then 
what do you have to say for yourself.

>>Are you a moron or just illiterate? The "facts" that the FBI 
>
>Neither.  

I was willing to grant this for sake or argument until I read the
following.

>>proclaimed on Monday suddenly weren't "facts" anymore by 
>>the Tuesday press conference.
>
>You don't have to pay attention to any one source, neither do you
>have to abandon your critical thinking, but to disregard all sources
>of information as 'lies' and 'distortions' and substitute your own
>pet theories is more likely to get you wild untruths than by basing
>your theories on the 'facts' as they are reported by the media and
>the government.
>
The FACTS as reported by the press and impartial government
sources support ME.

>> There has beed NO evidence of
>>anyone setting the fire deliberately you simpleton so
>
>Actually there was evidence of the fire being set deliberately -
>both testamony by the survivors and IR tape showing the fire
>being set in 3 places AND the petrochemical soot that the fire 
>was giving off (indications of kerosine or gasoline feeding the
>fire).  

There is NO testimony, at the press conference, the FBI said they
had NO testimony, the SURVIVORS as reported by CNN and Newsday
wire service said that ALL the survivors gave consistent stories
refuting the FBI. They were lighting and heating with kerosine.
Are you trying to PROVE you're an idiot.

>You might not believe 1 or 2 if you are totally paranoid or very
>skeptical, but my 3rd point is visible to anyone who watches the
>tapes of the fire and has started a BBQ grill.
>


>>what are YOU basing your statements on? Oh, I forgot, you're
>>the guy that doesn't know microwave oven need electricity,
>>never mind.
>
>Ho ho ho.  I listen to NPR, watch CNN, NBC.  I also read the
>papers.   Where do you get YOURS?

Then open your eyes and ears, at least 3 of those 4 sources have
reported your full of shit.

>-- 
><><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
><>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
><><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>


-- 
 +   Wayne J. Warf -- WWARF@ucs.indiana.edu -- I speak for myself only   +
 |*Clinton*Gore*CIA*FBI*DEA*Assassinate*Bomb*WoD*BoR*ATF*IRS*Resist*NSA* |
 |*Christian*God*Satan*Apocalypse*ZOG*Nazi*Socialist*Communist*Explosive*|
 +*fundamentalist*revolution*NSC*Federal Reserve*Constitution*gold*FEMA* +

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54602
From: rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

The Branch Davidians were not violent and were not planning to start
violence.
 
When the BD compound was assaulted by the ATF the BD did fire back.
But they agreed to a cease fire and they allowed the ATF to care for
their wounded.  The BD even released the ATF agents they captured.  It
is clear from the release of the agents and allowing the ATF medical
attention that the BD were not looking for trouble.
 
If the BD were violent they would have held the ATF agents as
hostages.  They would not have released them like they did.  If they
had kept the agents hostage they could have used them as bargening
chips for medical attention etc.
 
A big thing is being made of the BD collection of weapons but no one
has shown that they had any plans to use them.  It is also apparent
that the BD did not have any military training.  If they had, they
could have dug bunkers and trenches and increased their
fortifications.  They could have shot out the lights and speakers.  It
appears that the BD were not violent, they shot back at the attacking
ATF agents out of panic.  There were shots fired on the last day but
they were in response to the FBI attack on the compound with armor.
 
All the violence in Waco was initiated by the federal agents, not the
BD.
 
 

--
Rod Anderson  N0NZO            | The only acceptable substitute
Boulder, CO                    | for brains is silence.
rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu         |       -Solomon Short-
satellite  N0NZO on ao-16      |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54603
From: rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy)
Subject: Waco fire

Flash over is a frequent occurrence with indoor fires.  A fire will
start small and in one location and heat the air.  The temperature in
the room builds up and then everything inflammable in the room catches
fire at once.
 
This may have occurred in the BD compound, I have heard reports that
the windows were covered which would permit a fire to start unnoticed
by those outside the compound.  When the fire got big enough, and
broke through the walls, it appeared to be started in two places but
was really one big fire.
 
Because of the large quantities of tear gas inserted into the building
it is possible that many of the women and children were in a room free
of tear gas they would try to seal the door to keep out the tear gas.
When they learned that a fire had broken out it was too late for them
to escape.  They were trapped by the flames in their safe room.
 
I find it hard to believe that the FBI was not recording the final
assault.  I think that they would have wanted to have tapes to show
their agents of the the FBI overcoming the "forces of evil", aka
the Branch Davidians.  The tapes would also allow the FBI to prove
that they were not using excessive force.
 

--
Rod Anderson  N0NZO            | The only acceptable substitute
Boulder, CO                    | for brains is silence.
rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu         |       -Solomon Short-
satellite  N0NZO on ao-16      |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54604
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <C5y36B.8MG@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>
>For me, though, the black soot billowing outside the compound added with
>how fast the fire spread ponted to *someone* dousing large parts of the
>compound with some sort of gasoline or fire-starter.

Just from experience, seeing a couple of houses burn down, one doesn't
need any accelerant to get a lot of black soot.  There's plenty of
stuff in a house that will burn 'dirty'.  Even the asphalt shingles
would make a really sooty smoke.

Al
[standard disclaimer]


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54605
From: draughn@iitmax.iit.edu (Mark Draughn)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <94380@hydra.gatech.EDU> gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU
(COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH) writes:
[...]
>Btw, if I screwed up bad enough to get someone hurt/killed, my CO, the
>PMS, probably the Brigade Commander, and possibly the Region Commander
>could all expect a good amount of heat, possibly including
>reassignment or seperationfrom service.  Certainly the PMS would not
>be promotable, and would shortly thereafter be asked to retire.  This
>is called accountability.  If my PMS knew beforehand about the
>activities in which a person was killed, he would be nailed for
>failing to ensure that proper safety measures were taken.  If he
>didn't know , he would be nailed for improper supervision.  Can we
>hold the President of the US to lower standards than his subordinates?
>After all, he was briefed on the FBI raid.  He could have asked HOW
>they intended to flush the BD's out...

The President is not competent to plan or judge the planning of such a
raid, nor does he need to be.  His job is to set basic policies and
manage the people under him.  If Clinton instructed Reno to preserve
lives, and if she confirmed that the plan for the raid was a safe as
could be, then he did his job.  The President should not involve
himself in the minor details of these kinds of operations.  This sort
of micromanagement only leads to disaster, as was demonstrated so well
in Vietnam.

But the raid went bad:  Over 80 civilians have been killed in a
controntation with U.S. authorities.

NOW Clinton enters the picture in a big way.  Will Clinton start an
investigation?  Or will he try to squash any attempt to investigate?
Is he a responsible leader?  Or is he only interested in protecting
the image of his administration?

We'll all find out as this unfolds.
-- 

Mark Draughn    | <draughn@iitmax.iit.edu> or <SYSMARK@IITVAX> on BITNET
----------------+ Academic Computing, Illinois Institute of Technology
+1 312 567 5962 | 10 W. 31st Street, Chicago, Illinois  60616

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54606
From: garry@alice.att.com (garry hodgson)
Subject: Re: Effectiveness .44 calibre

jtchew@csa3.lbl.gov (Ad absurdum per aspera) writes:
   From psc@sei.cmu.edu (Peter Capell) on rec.martial-arts...
   >I'm sure such weapons have been developed.  Our society does not,
   >however, condone their possession or use.  

Actually, Joe, I wrote the above.  Peter was responding to my article.

I'm actually rather confused by your post.  I suppose I didn't
make myself clear, cause you seem to have gotten exactly the
opposite impression from what I intended.  I suppose "the authorities"
might have been a better term than "society".  Carry and use a firearm
in many parts of the country (certainly the parts I live in), and expect,
at the very least, to have an awful lot of explaining to do.
And there is also appears to be  a trend in society at large that
actively opposes what many see as their right to defend themselves.

   In a few other parts of our society, handguns are banned or
   so restricted as to be practically unavailable to the law-
   abiding citizen for self-defense outside the home.  Funny, 
   though, how the criminals in such places continue to have a 
   lush supply of guns and no compunctions about using them.  
   IMHO, you don't need to be either a political philosopher or 
   a crime victim to realize that there's a flaw in the gun-
   grabbers' logic.  

Agreed.

   You're welcome to your HO, too, the First Amendment being as 
   important as the Second, but please don't let your obvious 
   good intentions be subverted by insupportable generalities 
   about something as big and diverse as US society.

My only intention was to comment that the existence of suitable
weapons of self defense doesn't mean you'll escape a whole shitload
of trouble should you be forced to use them.

   Or by the
   naive hope that making gun possession a crime will give pause 
   to someone who would be a criminal anyway.

I made no such statements, nor do I have such a naive hope or outlook.  
   
   Wishing you peace and the wherewithal to defend yourself
   if others' thoughts are not that kindly,

That's all I want: the opportunity to leave in peace, or to 
have the means to defend myself when that in not possible.

I *think* we agree on this issue.  I guess my position didn't
survive the transition from cognition to ASCII.

-- 
Garry Hodgson			A slow winter day
AT&T Bell Labs			A night like forever
garry@alice.att.com		Sink like a stone
att!alice!garry			Float like a feather

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54607
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

Karl Auerbach writes:

>>> Besides, nine people *did* successfully flee the fire.

>Yeah, and at least one person ran back in. SOunds like a personal choice to me.
>Religious fanaticsm, and a beleive that dying in the 'defense' of your beliefs,
>is probably at the core of what happened in Waco.

	Religious fanaticism?

	People try to get back in all the time when their homes are afire.  
	Firefighters often have to restrain them.  They want to rush back in in an
	effort to save things-- old photos, keepsakes, stamp collections,
	cash, books, jewelery, pets, their wives and husbands, their babies...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54608
From: gs26@prism.gatech.EDU (Glenn R. Stone)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In <C5sv4r.HFA@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:

[and quotes a lot of stuff unnecessarily]
>In article <93869@hydra.gatech.EDU> glenns@eas.gatech.edu writes:
>>
>> [worth posting again ;-]
>>Hey, gang, it's not about duck hunting, or about dark alleys,
>>it's about black-clad, helmeted and booted troops storming
>>houses and violating civil rights under color of law. 
>>
>>Are YOU ready to defend YOUR Constitution?

>Its also about crazy fatigue clad survivalist types blasting the 
>snot out of people who accidentally stray onto his land in the
>name of 'self defense.'

>Don't get too self-righteous, Mr. gun-toter.

Ain't got a pair of fatigues... and I don't blast people wandering aimlessly,
I ask them what they're doing there... I only blast people who display
obvious violent intent... like black-clad men with weapons climbing thru
second-story windows, or people who break down the door instead of knocking.
Or people who knock my house down with tanks and set it afire.  Sound 
familiar yet?

Riddle me this: Why the hell are the CONVICTED CRIMINALS in Ohio getting
the kid glove treatment, and the BD's are burned alive without a trial?
Put aside who started the blaze, I still think any decent shyster can 
make a case for cruel and unusual punishment, playing the sounds of
tortured rabbits over the loudspeakers (where's the SPCA in all this?)...

Oh, and that's Mister gun-toter SIR to you, bucko.  Just because you choose
to abandon your rights, leave mine the hell alone, thankyouverymuch.

Glenn R. Stone (glenns@eas.gatech.edu)
Impeach Clinton, Reno -- the case is prima facie.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54609
From: seelowe@well.sf.ca.us (Hudson H Luce)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??


 I suggest another name change:

   Thomas Parsli .... to .... Vidkun Quisling

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54610
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks


In article <1993Apr23.151855.7011@starbase.trincoll.edu>,  () writes:
>In article <1r6p8oINN8hi@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
>Arras) wrote:
>>  
>> I have not made up my mind about Waco, but there sure seems to be a group of  
>> devoted government following fanatics willing to believe whatever that  
>> government wants to tell them, without any shred of doubt, nor thought of thier
>> own.  They sure get shrill whenever their belief structure is being shaken.
>> 
>> Kinda reminds you of the BDs, doesn't it?
>> 
>> Jim
>
>Go to hell. I'm no "government [-] following fanatic." Your sweeping
>generalizations evince your own ignorance. What were they supposed to do?
>Just let him be? Fuck him. Fuck the ATF, too. They should've done it right
>the first time.

What is "doing it right the first time"?  Murdered them all?  Used tanks? 
Maybe they should have had enough evidence to indict.  From the list presented
to date, I haven't seen ANYTHING illegal.  They claim that the BD's bought
components to convert their weapons to Class III devices, but no evidence that
they had done so.  In fact, with a Class III FFL living with them, this may
have been legal (given recent court rulings).

What you really meant to say was that the ATF should have done the right and
lwaful thing.  Or did you just want the BD's dead?
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54611
From: meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers)
Subject: Re: Clipper Chip

In article <1993Apr20.183938.8024@news.columbia.edu> pes3@cunixf.cc.columbia.edu (Paul Eric Stoufflet) writes:
>I thought that the Clipper Chip that was posted to t.p.g (sorry, I lost
>the original post) was a joke.  I really did.  I didn't believe it for
>a second.  But on the way to work this morning, I heard about it on NPR.


No joke.  Here's another copy for you to save.  NPR, hmmm?  Did they
mention the part about "The fact of law enforcement access to the
escrowed keys will not be concealed from the American public." ...?
------------------------------------------------------------------------
>Newsgroups: talk.politics.guns
>Path: dg-rtp!psinntp!uunet!news.claremont.edu!elroy.jpl.nasa.gov!sdd.hp.com!decwrl!pa.dec.com!uiboise.idbsu.edu!blh
>From: blh@uiboise.idbsu.edu (Broward L. Horne)
>Message-ID: <9304191630.AA03993@inet-gw-2.pa.dec.com>
>Subject: Heil, Clinton
>Date: Sun, 18 Apr 93 11:50:13 MDT
>X-Received: by usenet.pa.dec.com; id AA21120; Mon, 19 Apr 93 09:30:51 -0700
>X-Received: by inet-gw-2.pa.dec.com; id AA03993; Mon, 19 Apr 93 09:30:17 -0700
>X-Received: by uiboise.idbsu.edu
>	(16.6/16.2) id AA01185; Sun, 18 Apr 93 11:50:14 -0600
>X-To: talk.politics.guns.usenet
>X-Mailer: Elm [revision: 66.25]
>Lines: 112
>
>
>    Although the subject matter of this re-posting is not directly 
>    related to talk.politics.guns, I believe that the information 
>    here will be of interest to a large number of readers.
>
>    Especially considering our latest BATF escapade.
>
>> From: clipper@csrc.ncsl.nist.gov (Clipper Chip Announcement)
>> Subject: White House Public Encryption Management Fact Sheet
>> Message-ID: <C5LGAz.250@dove.nist.gov>
>> Sender: news@dove.nist.gov
>> Organization: National Institute of Standards & Technology
>> Distribution: na
>> Date: Fri, 16 Apr 1993 20:44:58 GMT
>> Lines: 94
>> 
>> 
>> 
>> Note:     The following was released by the White House today in
>>           conjunction with the announcement of the Clipper Chip
>>           encryption technology.
>> 
>>                            FACT SHEET
>> 
>>                   PUBLIC ENCRYPTION MANAGEMENT
>> 
>> The President has approved a directive on "Public Encryption
>> Management."  The directive provides for the following:
>> 
>> Advanced telecommunications and commercially available encryption
>> are part of a wave of new computer and communications technology.
>> Encryption products scramble information to protect the privacy of
>> communications and data by preventing unauthorized access.
>> Advanced telecommunications systems use digital technology to
>> rapidly and precisely handle a high volume of communications.
>> These advanced telecommunications systems are integral to the
>> infrastructure needed to ensure economic competitiveness in the
>> information age.
>> 
>> Despite its benefits, new communications technology can also
>> frustrate lawful government electronic surveillance.  Sophisticated
>> encryption can have this effect in the United States.  When
>> exported abroad, it can be used to thwart foreign intelligence
>> activities critical to our national interests.  In the past, it has
>> been possible to preserve a government capability to conduct
>> electronic surveillance in furtherance of legitimate law
>> enforcement and national security interests, while at the same time
>> protecting the privacy and civil liberties of all citizens.  As
>> encryption technology improves, doing so will require new,
>> innovative approaches.
>> 
>> In the area of communications encryption, the U. S. Government has
>> developed a microcircuit that not only provides privacy through
>> encryption that is substantially more robust than the current
>> government standard, but also permits escrowing of the keys needed
>> to unlock the encryption.  The system for the escrowing of keys
>> will allow the government to gain access to encrypted information
>> only with appropriate legal authorization.
>> 
>> To assist law enforcement and other government agencies to collect
>> and decrypt, under legal authority, electronically transmitted
>> information, I hereby direct the following action to be taken:
>> 
>> INSTALLATION OF GOVERNMENT-DEVELOPED MICROCIRCUITS
>> 
>> The Attorney General of the United States, or her representative,
>> shall request manufacturers of communications hardware which
>> incorporates encryption to install the U.S. government-developed
>> key-escrow microcircuits in their products.  The fact of law
>> enforcement access to the escrowed keys will not be concealed from
>> the American public.  All appropriate steps shall be taken to
>> ensure that any existing or future versions of the key-escrow
>> microcircuit are made widely available to U.S. communications
>> hardware manufacturers, consistent with the need to ensure the
>> security of the key-escrow system.  In making this decision, I do
>> not intend to prevent the private sector from developing, or the
>> government from approving, other microcircuits or algorithms that
>> are equally effective in assuring both privacy and a secure key-
>> escrow system.
>> 
>> KEY-ESCROW
>> 
>> The Attorney General shall make all arrangements with appropriate
>> entities to hold the keys for the key-escrow microcircuits
>> installed in communications equipment.  In each case, the key
>> holder must agree to strict security procedures to prevent
>> unauthorized release of the keys.  The keys shall be released only
>> to government agencies that have established their authority to
>> acquire the content of those communications that have been
>> encrypted by devices containing the microcircuits.  The Attorney
>> General shall review for legal sufficiency the procedures by which
>> an agency establishes its authority to acquire the content of such
>> communications.
>> 
>> PROCUREMENT AND USE OF ENCRYPTION DEVICES
>> 
>> The Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with other appropriate
>> U.S. agencies, shall initiate a process to write standards to
>> facilitate the procurement and use of encryption devices fitted
>> with key-escrow microcircuits in federal communications systems
>> that process sensitive but unclassified information.  I expect this
>> process to proceed on a schedule that will permit promulgation of
>> a final standard within six months of this directive.
>> 
>> The Attorney General will procure and utilize encryption devices to
>> the extent needed to preserve the government's ability to conduct
>> lawful electronic surveillance and to fulfill the need for secure
>> law enforcement communications.  Further, the Attorney General
>> shall utilize funds from the Department of Justice Asset Forfeiture
>> Super Surplus Fund to effect this purchase.
>> 
>
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54612
From: mst4298@rigel.tamu.edu (Mitchell S Todd)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <93112.153005MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU>, <MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU> writes...
>From A.P. :  According to numerous accounts by those in the compound,
>the fire was started by an armoured vehicle crushing a large propane
>tank, and turning over numerous gas lanterns.

	If there was a large propane tank, and it was breached, don't 
	you think that there would be an identifiable explosion?
	Further, the BD members have as much reason to lie as the 
	Gov't.


>Medical Examiners have found no bullet wounds, as was stated by the
>FBI, on the corpses.

	They'd only autopsied one body when this information was released.
	I wouldn't doubt though


>I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem willing to accept
>the governments story, despite much evidence to the contrary.

	The only evidence that exists right now (at least what we know
	about) is various claims and counter claims. I'm waiting until
	the hard evidence is released. What about you?

                  _____  _____
                  \\\\\\/ ___/___________________
  Mitchell S Todd  \\\\/ /                 _____/__________________________
________________    \\/ / mst4298@zeus._____/.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'_'_'_/
\_____        \__    / / tamu.edu  _____/.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'_'_/
    \__________\__  / /        _____/_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_/
                \_ / /__________/
                 \/____/\\\\\\
 			 \\\\\\
			  ------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54613
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff


In article <C5w0C9.2D0@intellection.com> emcguire@intellection.com (Ed McGuire) writes:
>In <1993Apr21.182458.12735@aio.jsc.nasa.gov> news&aio.jsc.nasa.gov (USENET) News (brenda kenworthy) writes:
>
>>And another thing that puzzles
>>me--why are they finding dead bodies inside who had bullet holes already in 
>>them???  Don't you think it's possible that Koresh shot the TRAITORS rather 
>>than letting them out???
>
>Possible.  I wouldn't put it past him.  It is also possible that they
>were hit by rounds exploding in the extreme heat.  Remember that kept
>the cops away for hours.  I have only heard that bodies were found
>shot, not any coroner's cause of death.

So far, the medical examiner (according to the news) has found NO EVIDENCE
of gunshot wounds in bodies so far examined.  If this continues to be
the case, it will sort of shoot holes (pun intended) in the FBI story,
wouldn't it?  And cartridges going off outside a firearm do not launch
a bullet like they do when fired from a gun.  The bullet hardly moves,
it is the brass casing that goes flying, and then with less than lethal
force.  It will hurt, yes, but not KILL you - I doubt if it wil penetrate
a coat, for example.

How about an INDEPENDENT investigation, with full subpoena powers, and
powers to prosecute on felony charges, to investigate for any possible
illegal/criminal activity on the part of both the BATF and FBI?  I
cannot see any reason why not - to use the phrase they like to use
so often, "if they have nothing to hide..." they should welcome it,
and vigorously support it.  Note that an internal investigation by the
Dept of Justice is NOT an independent investigation...

-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54614
From: pagan@DPW.COM (Kathleen M. Pagan)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu> green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green) writes:
>
>1) Could it have been possible to have taken Koresh outside the compound at
>some time before the Feb. 28th raid?
>
Yes, the local sheriff stated that anytime he wanted to talk to Koresh, all
he had to do was call him and Koresh would come down.


>
>
>One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
>"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
>had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.

Full agree with you here.  I think its ridiculous that he did not even talk
to Janet Reno until sometime Tuesday, however, he did talk with Wendell
Hubbel(?).  So who really is the Attorney General????


Hopefully the investigation will answer some of these bizarre questions.

Katie

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54615
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r8vg9$rl5@bigboote.WPI.EDU>, mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:

> To Rob and all others that have been debating about the wood stove.
>    The original post claimed that the ATF/FBI was pumping napalm into the 
> building with the hopes that the wood stove inside would ignite it.  I responed
> with why would the wood stove be lit in the first place?  It wouldn't be lit 
> for heating purposes because of the weather in Texas. 

Which statement is dead wrong, because our local posters have confirmed that 
it was quite chilly that morning.

> Everyone now claims that it was for cooking.

No, we argue that it was not entirely unreasonable for a woodstove to be 
operational.

> Stop and think about this.  CS gas was being pumped
> into the building and I presume that everyone was wearing gas masks (either
> bought or some type of makeshift type) and this had been going on for 6 hours.
> I don't know if you have ever been around CS, but I have.  Being exposed to CS
> gas was part of my Army training, so I know that without a mask it VERY 
> uncomfortable and makes your eyes water, nose run, and makes you sick in 
> the stomach.  And with the mask it is very difficult to drink water much less 
> eat.  So my question now is "why were they cooking food?"

Obviously you missed my earlier posting about the physica of woodstoves.
In brief, you can't turn your woodstove on and off like your gas range.
It stays on all the time.  It even stays "on" for over 24 hours AFTER you
shut it off (which is why most working woodstoves aren't ever "shut off"
until spring).
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54616
From: rjl+@pitt.edu (Richard J. Loether)
Subject: Re: Arlen Specter's address?

In article <1993Apr23.002908.24394@nntpd.lkg.dec.com> williams@bagels.enet.dec.com (Bryan H. Williams) writes:
>
>In article <16BB89C7D.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu>, R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu writes...
>>In article <1993Apr22.142540.20687@icd.ab.com>
>>kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead) writes:
<< 
<<<
<<<Anybody got Arlen Spectre's address?  I want to write to him and thank him
<<<for showing the leadership to demand a Congressional investigation
<<<into the Waco mess.
<< 
<<If I had Arlen's address, I would go to his house (Do weasels live
<<in houses or in holes?) and personally tell him what a pathetic idiot
<<he is.  Arlen is the personification of the word "jerk". [snip...]
<< 
<I'm no fan of Arlen Spectre's, but he did the right thing, and attacking his
<motives in this case is wrong. 

Pardon me, here, but I don't trust Spectre's motives here at all.  Spectre
was a major part of the Warren Commission, (remember the magic bullet theory?)
and is NOT to be trusted if there's even the tiniest chance the guv'mint may
have done something wrong.  If he gets a chance I'm afraid he will satisfy
the public outcry with another whitewash.

<Unfortunately, if some of us get our wish and the BATF is disbanded or folded
<into the FBI,  etc., we may end up with a "more efficient" agency than the
<bumbling and competition we have today. Some agents should be fired. Some
<should be prosecuted. But keep them as bumbling as possible -- we retain more
<of our liberties that way.
<
Right on the money here.  We should certainly applaud the disbanding of the 
BARTF but we must stress the personal responsibility of the goons who set
up the assault on American citizens.  

We must NOT count on Spectre, though, to get it done.

RJL


-- 
Rich Loether          Snail mail: University of Pittsburgh     The Ideas:
EMail: rjl+@pitt.edu              Computing and Info Services      Mine,
Voice: (412) 624-6429             600 Epsilon Drive                   all
FAX  : (412) 624-6426             Pittsburgh, PA 15238                  Mine.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54617
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Nature of the Waco gas

In article <1993Apr23.130234.23728@icd.ab.com>, kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead) writes:
> Saw a REAL interesting report on CNN last night;  it seems the gas that
> was used has been banned by international law for military use.  However,
> our president was quick to point out that "there are exemptions for law
> enforcement".  Hmmm...  too inhumane to use in war against the enemy,
> but OK for civilians

Whoa.  Think twice, now, unless you want the same standards applied to
hollowpoints...
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54618
From: jbs@rti.rti.org
Subject: Re: Gun Buy Back

In article <16BB8B194.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu> R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu writes:
>In article <1993Apr22.134330.9761@rti.rti.org>
>jbs@rti.rti.org writes:
> 
>>
>>In article <16BB7BA6A.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu> R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu writes:
>>>...Gun buyback programs will hopefully
>>>have an impact on accidental shootings (especially youths), domestic
>>>disputes where a gun is available in the heat of emotion and anger, and
>>>maybe keep a few guns from being stolen and later used in street-level
>>>crime.
>>
>>What gives you the idea that gun "buyback" programs will have an impact on
>>any of these things?  Evidence, please?
>>
>> Please don't misinterret  what I was saying Joe.  I was making the point tha
>there is NO evidence of effect of gun buyback programs but hopefully if
>there is any effect it may prevent injuries or deaths in one of these types
>of common incidents.

Saying "hopefully the effect of policy X will be Y" is *much* different
from saying "hopefully if there is any effect of policy X it will be Y."
Here you've made both statements.
If the former describes a reasonably-likely outcome of policy X, then
perhaps policy X is worthy of consideration - but the latter statement
is not something to base policy decisions on!

> Firearms are the fifth-leading cause of unintentional deaths among children
>ages 14 and under.

According to groups like the Center to Prevent Handgun Violence (formerly
the National Coalition to Ban Handguns - interesting name change, don't you
think?) who include murder and suicide by firearms in the "leading causes of
unintentional death) figures but *don't* include murder and suicide by other
means as causes of unintentional death.  Can't you see past the bullshit?

>  I don't understand how the ratio to other accidental
>deaths is important.  So guns don't kill as many children as car accidents.
>What is the difference in severity between 1,000 deaths and 10,000 deaths?
>I am not trying to use accidental gun-related deaths among children as a
>justification for gun control.  Who needs to be convinced that accidental
>gun deaths of children is a serious problem?  I assumed that any humane
>person would be concerned when any 10 year old got hold of their parents
>gun from their bedroom drawer and accidently blew away one of their friends.

Certainly accidental deaths by any cause are serious things - but the
anti-gun groups insist over and over again that accidental death by
firearms is a *stastically serious problem*, and even if you don't use
these deaths as a justification for gun control, these groups do.  I'm
sorry if I jumped to conclusions about your reason for mentioning
accidental deaths due to firearms being something that warranted concern,
but in light of your statement that you are a staunch supporter of gun
control measures, I think the conclusion was a reasonable one.
The fact remains that tragic though individual accidental gun deaths may
be, they are *not* a serious problem statistically speaking.

>>Please explain why you think "symbolic offerings" do good.
>>
> My point was, gun buyback programs which are almost always run by police
>departments MIGHT (I stress might) do a LITTLE (I stress little) good by
>giving people the impression that the police are attempting to respond
>to interpersonal gun violence in a unique way.  Overall, I thought that I
>had made it clear that I did not think that gun buyback programs were
>useful.

Sorry if it wasn't clear to me.  I thought you were waffling on your view
of buyback programs with the talk of symbolic offerings and hopefully
preventing accidents and heat-of-passion shootings.  I have to disagree on
all these counts; I can't understand how a buying guns from people who
aren't intending to misuse them (obviously those who want to use guns to
commit crimes aren't going to turn them in) could be construed as a
positive way for police to respond to "interpersonal violence."

>>I suggest you go back and look at wherever you saw these "statistics" - I
>>suspect you'll find if you look carefully that 135,000 is the number of
>>students *estimated* to have carried *a weapon* (not necessarily a gun)
>>to school at least once in the past year, and not the number of students
>>who carry a gun to school daily.
>>
> Well Joe, I suggest that you talk to the Center to Prevent Handgun Violence

What, the people who publish figures saying that as many children commit
suicide by HANDGUNS ALONE each year as the FBI says commit suicide by ALL
METHODS per year?  Who do you think I should believe?  The people who call
everyone up to age 24 "children" when they're screaming about the "carnage
of our nation's children" being caused by handguns?

>or the Centers for Disease Control.

Ah, yes, the agency that considers accidental shootings of children to be
such a statistical problem that a stated objective in the Healthy People
2000 document is to "enact laws in 50 states requiring manufacturers of
handguns to make the handguns more difficult to fire, minimizing the
likelihood of accidental or intentional dscharge by children?"  The
agency that funded the "study" of DC which pronounced that the DC gun ban
had saved X lives (yes, they actually gave us a number) on the basis of
a look at the *number* of shootings rather than the *rate* of shootings?
It wasn't their fault that the population of DC dropped in their "post law"
period...


>  If YOU look carefully you will see
>that YOU greatly underestimate the presence of guns in the lives of youths.
>The CPHV reports that 135,000 youth bring GUNS to school DAILY and that
>400,000 bring GUNS to school at least once a year.  The CDC estimates
>that 1 out 0f 25 high school students carried a gun to school at least once
>in 1990.

Okay, I'll concede I no longer have the numbers I once read on these.  I'll
retract my dispute of your numbers.  However, I would be greatly interested
in seeing how CPHV and CDC came up with these numbers.

>  The CDC also says that 1.2 million elementary-aged, latch-key
>children (kids who come home from school to an empty house), have access
>to guns in their home.

What's this got to do with anything?  Hell, when *I* was in elementary
school I came home to an empty house with guns in it.  Why is this a
problem?  I didn't touch the guns - I had been taught not to.  I had also
been taught not to mess with the gasoline in the garage, the fuse box, the
car, the knives, the oven, and the tools.  The problem is not the guns,
it's the parents!!!

>  California schools reported a 200% increase in
>student gun confiscations between 1986 and 1990, and a 40% increase between
>1988 and 1990.  Florida reported a 61% percent increase in gun incidents in
>schools between 1986/87 amd 1987/88.  These are the "statistics".

And what are these states doing with the kids they find with guns?
NOTHING.  No criminal prosecution, no expulsion, in most cases not even
suspension.  They take the gun, slap the kids on the wrist, say "ain't it
awful," and go on as if everything's back to normal.  What's wrong with
this picture?

> Okay, maybe I worded it wrong...DAD.  I meant that to put children in a
>situation (fortified compound) where harm could come to them is not the
>act of a Messiah in my opinion.  I'm not saying that Koresh had control over
>these children directly, but I would hope that whatever Messiah there is
>would not let innocent children die.

I don't think Koresh was the Messiah, either... but isn't it obvious that
if he believed the forces of evil were come to destroy him, then he
believed the children were much safer inside the compound?  I didn't say
he was sane... just that he behaved in a pretty rational manner given what
he thought was going on.  He thought he had them in the one place where
harm *wouldn't* come to them.

>If as he claimed he was the Messiah and people followed him as such, why
>did he not tell their parents to free the children instead of letting them
>burn alive?

Let's see *you* try to find the exits, unbarricade them, and flee a fire
when you've been kept awake for most of 50 days by loudspeakers and subjected
to six hours of tanks knocking in your walls and tear gas assault.

  -joe

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54619
From: azoun@cormyr.att.com (Joe Preiser)
Subject: Re: Gun Control, who needs it?

In article <1r7693$64f@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:

[stuff deleted]

>3) The "teflon bullet" bill proposed by NRA included MUCH more than
                                         ^^^
				I think you mean HCI here.

>   "teflon bullets" -- it would have banned damn near ALL COMMON HUNTING
>   AMMUNITION.
>

>4) We finally did get a bill that outlawed the sale of "teflon bullets" --
>   and ONLY "teflon bullets" -- outside the law enforcement community.
>   Guess who wrote it, Joe m'boy?  It was your beloved NRA.
>

[snip]

>Followups to t.p.g.
>-- 
>
>cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
>OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...
>

				Joe
-- 
 Joe Preiser					AT&T Bell Laboratories
 azoun@cormyr.att.com				Room IH 6G-329	
 cormyr!azoun					2000 N. Naperville Rd.
 (708) 979-4152					Naperville, IL 60566

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54620
From: random@cbnewse.cb.att.com (David L. Pope)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

From article <1993Apr23.153005.8237@starbase.trincoll.edu>, by  ():

> 
> I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
> and M-16's/AR-15's and banging/marrying thirteen yuear (sic) olds. 

So out of the numerous baptists that you hang around with you haven't
seen any of the above behavior? Which trait (stocking food for more
than a week, or owning a firearm) is the definition of a cult? What
proof ( aside from David's aquittal ) leads you to believe that any
"banging/marrying" of thirteen year olds was going on? Does your
wife know that you equate 'marriage' with 'banging'?

> You're a sorry
> son of a bitch if you can't draw a distinction between these two things.

Since this guy doesn't like the concept of freedom of religion, he's
going to insult you AND your mom!

> People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend
> sociopaths who aren't deserved of it. Get a life and chill on the
> paranoia.

Sociopath - person with asocial or antisocial beahavior.
Sociopaths - 200 persons, all who can't stand other people, sharing
             the same ranch-house.

> joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu
                                ^^^---It all suddenly becomes clear.

Why does everyone discover the Net in the spring?

	Random
	

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54621
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

In article <1993Apr23.151855.7011@starbase.trincoll.edu>, () writes:

> Go to hell. I'm no "government [-] following fanatic." Your sweeping
> generalizations evince your own ignorance. What were they supposed to do?
> Just let him be?

You're sitting in your home reading a good book.  Your neighbors think
you're a quiet, upstanding citizen.  A random person anonymously calls 
the authorities and tells them you beat your children, sleep with all 
the neighbor wimmen, and own a bunch of "nasty 50mm machine guns."  

Now what are they supposed to do?  

> Fuck him. Fuck the ATF, too. They should've done it right
> the first time.

Ah, I see.  They're supposed to send 100 men in horse trailers with
automatic weapons, storm onto your roof, and throw grenades at your 
house with no warning.  Then, after subjecting you to noise torture
and telling the national news media for a month what a filthy son of 
a bitch you are, they're supposed to gas you and knock your house 
around a bit until they manage to collapse it, cause a fire, or 
something equally conclusive.

Hope your neighbors don't tumble to this -- at least none of them that
might have a craving for a ringside seat at some cheap but dramatic 
local entertainment at someone else's expense.  Or maybe even
PARTICULARLY at your expense.

At least they won't have to read you your rights, Joe -- obviously you
had no use for them anyway.

> joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...












Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54622
From: HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In <23APR199314304189@rigel.tamu.edu> mst4298@rigel.tamu.edu writes:

> In article <93112.153005MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU>, <MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU> writes...
> >From A.P. :  According to numerous accounts by those in the compound,
> >the fire was started by an armoured vehicle crushing a large propane
> >tank, and turning over numerous gas lanterns.
> 
> 	If there was a large propane tank, and it was breached, don't 
> 	you think that there would be an identifiable explosion?

  There was at least one blast consistent with petroleum products that I
saw, however propane is interesting stuff.  It doesn't explode on contact with
air.  It is *possible* for a tank to rupture without exploding.  Far more
likely, however, is that the compound was equipped with NG outlets running to
the tank.  Damage from the CEV's could have ruptured the gas lines, allowing
the gas to spread, unnoticed in the CS fumes and general excitement (propane
typically has a distinctive odor added to it for just this reason -- to smell
leaks), until reaching a flame or spark, and then Whooosh!  Fire everywhere,
and maybe an explosion.  Use of NG is pretty common in Texas, especially
semi-rural areas.

> 	Further, the BD members have as much reason to lie as the 
> 	Gov't.

  This is true, but so far the FBI/BATF track record on this incident is very
bad.

> >I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem willing to accept
> >the governments story, despite much evidence to the contrary.
> 
> 	The only evidence that exists right now (at least what we know
> 	about) is various claims and counter claims. I'm waiting until
> 	the hard evidence is released. What about you?

  I think it would have disarmed many people if the FBI followed this same
policy.  They have not.  They are making claims without evidence, and what
evidence we have so far tends to refute their story.

semper fi,

Jammer Jim Miller 
Texas A&M University '89 and '91
________________________________________________________________________________
 I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
"Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing System."
 "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
      ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54623
From: cgwillme@pyr.swan.ac.uk (r b willmersdorf)
Subject: Once upon a time ...

american and european universities were full of Angry Young People(tm)
that wanted to overthrow the government, and wouldn't think twice
about lobbing a molotov cocktail at the national guard (military police
in Europe.)

Certainly, it would have been very bad form to take anything
the System(tm) said at face value.

This was in the end of the sixties and the begining of the seventies,
I'm told. I was too young to remember.

Something wrong happened along the way, I'm afraid.  Maybe the west
became just too comfortable, or maybe I was born too late :(

Yours, disappointed with with the youth of today,

PS: 1) Half smilies implied.
    2) There *is* a difference between lining up 90 people against the
       wall and executing them, and causing their deaths through negligence/
       imcompetence.  I honestly hope we witnessed the latter.  As they say,
       the alternative is too horrible to contemplate.
    3) I'm sure the Abused Children(tm) from the compound are much 
       safer now.
-- 

Ramiro || cgwillme@pyr.swan.ac.uk

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54624
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <23APR199314304189@rigel.tamu.edu>, mst4298@rigel.tamu.edu (Mitchell S Todd) writes:
>
>	If there was a large propane tank, and it was breached, don't 
>	you think that there would be an identifiable explosion?

From what I saw of the videotape, there was an explosion which looked
more like one due to propane rather than (official version)
ammunition.

>	The only evidence that exists right now (at least what we know
>	about) is various claims and counter claims. I'm waiting until
>	the hard evidence is released. What about you?

If only we could be certain that the hard evidence will be released.

Al
[standard disclaimer]


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54625
From: scottj@magic.dml.georgetown.edu (John L. Scott)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu wrote:
> People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend sociopaths
> who aren't deserved of it.

There it is.  The Constitution isn't for "sociopaths", only "normal"
people, eh?  We mustn't allow our Constitution to be cheapened by applying
it to everybody, eh?

You disgust me.

--John L. Scott

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54626
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Waco survivors 1715 19 April

In article <22APR199317092767@zeus.tamu.edu>, mst4298@zeus.tamu.edu (Mitchell S Todd) writes:

> >David Koresh's lawyer seemed to think that everyone *would* come out
> >peacefully sooner or later.  The FBI and ATF had NOTHING BUT TIME ON
> >THEIR HANDS!  Why did they have to escalate the situation and cause
> >this senseless tragedy?  Their job is to protect the public and SAVE
> >LIVES NOT KILL PEOPLE for crying out loud.
> 
> 	Koresh had lied and lied and lied about coming out of the
> 	compound. To the FBI. To his lawyer. To just about everyone.

I keep hearing this, but every assertion of this form has come from
government sources except two.  As far as I am concerned, I am not
ready to stipulate that Koresh EVER promised to come out except for
his first promise and his last promise.

The first promise was conditional on his audio tape being given 
NATIONAL exposure.  Well, it never was -- it was broadcast locally,
in a chopped-up fashion, and that's all.  And even then, they cleverly 
cut it off when it got to the part where he demanded "national exposure,"
but not so cleverly that we didn't hear it.

The last promise was conditional on the finishing of his manuscript.
We'll never know if he would have kept that one.

> 	The FBI etc. can't wait forever for Koresh to come out. As
> 	long as they thought that Koresh's intended to surrender 
> 	peacefully. When they lost hope in that, they decided to go
> 	in. 

Strangely enough, the previous day they said they were prepared to
"wait as long as it takes."

>	Further, while the Mondays tactics were silly and clumsy,
>	they were obviously intended to drive the Davidians out of the
> 	compound, not to kill Koresh and his followers. 

Quite possible.  But arguments of intent do not mark the dividing 
line between guilt and innocence -- only the line between murder and 
negligent manslaughter.

> 	*If* it is true. *I* read in the paper that the government 
> 	listening devices inside the compound picked up orders to 
> 	burn the joint down shortly before the fire was started. I'm
> 	waiting to see what the tapes really hold.

This would be an interesting development.

> 	The Davidian may be telling the truth, or he may be lying
> 	to save his skin from possible murder charges resulting from
> 	the blaze. Koresh's lawyer, being the attorney for at least
> 	one surviving Davidian, has an interest in claiming that
> 	the gov't caused the fire, at least as much as the gov't
> 	has an interest in blaming Koresh for the fire. It's the
> 	physical evidence that will decide who's telling what.

It's too tempting for one or more of the survivors to "go state's
evidence," parrot the FBI story, hang the whole "suicide" on Koresh, 
claim they only stayed at gunpoint, etc.  If any of them do this
in the next few weeks, it doesn't prove much; but if none of them
do, it would be a strong indication to me that the FBI story is
dead wrong.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54627
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Re: What if the Dividians were black?

In article <1993Apr9.134525.21567@medtron.medtronic.com> rn11195@medtronic.COM (Robert Nehls) writes:
>Kenneth D. Whitehead (kdw@icd.ab.com) wrote:
>: oleary@cbnewsh.cb.att.com (brian.m.leary) writes:
>
>: > Questions for the media and the politically correct:
>: > 
  [...]
>: > If the people in the compound were black and the guys in ninja suits

Some of the Davidians *are* black.

Next question?


-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54628
From: paull@hplabsz.hpl.hp.com (Robert Paull)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

Mr. Nice Guy (rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu) wrote:
: The Branch Davidians were not violent and were not planning to start
: violence.
:  
: When the BD compound was assaulted by the ATF the BD did fire back.
: But they agreed to a cease fire and they allowed the ATF to care for
: their wounded.  The BD even released the ATF agents they captured.  It
: is clear from the release of the agents and allowing the ATF medical
: attention that the BD were not looking for trouble.

  This is the first I've heard of the BD capturing and releasing ATF agents.
Is there any more info about this?

Rob P.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54630
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: criminals & machineguns

In article <93104.175256U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>people are getting killed by gang violence every day?  Every single day I hear
>about more people getting killed by gang violence and see some of the weapons
>that are being confiscated.

Is Kratz claiming that he can reliably visually distinguish an M-16
from an AR-15?  That he can see the difference between a semi-auto and
a full-auto UZI?  That he can see the difference between the various
versions (some full-auto, some semi-auto only) of the M-11/9?

If so, I'd love to hear the details, if only because they'll demonstrate
that Kratz is blowing smoke.

Considering that one can design a gun so that it looks just like
another gun, yet have very different properties, and that that's
quite common....

Most kids in my neighborhood were quite young when they figured out
that my parents car wasn't much like Richard Petty's, even though it
looked just like it (except for the paint job).  Things must have been
different with Kratz.

>Sure it's on TV but why does that make a difference?

No, it doesn't, but that's irrelevant.  If visual inspection of the
outside worked, TV would be acceptable, but since it doesn't, the fact
that it's just as good as seeing in person doesn't mean much.

-andy gave Kratz a chance to back down on this in private
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54631
From: betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz)
Subject: Weaver trial update

I've been running a daily summary of the Randy Weaver/Kevin
Harris trial from here in Boise.  These summaries are sent
primarily to mailing lists.  However, I was wondering if
people would be interested in seeing them here.  Post or
email.

Drew 
--
betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
    semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54632
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Re: Need info on 43:1 and suicide for refutation

Here's something Preston Covey (professor of ethics at CMU) wrote:

From: "Preston K. Covey" <covey+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Gun Stats & Mortal Risks
Date: Mon, 15 Feb 1993 18:35:05 -0500 (EST)


Folks,

Hail from the nether world.  On February 4th, the Wall Street Journal
carried a front-page article by Erik Larson entitled "Armed Force."  I
felt a reply was in order to his citation of the notorious scare stat
that "A Gun is 43 times more likely to kill than to protect."  I sent
the following to the WSJ.

-----

Gun Stats & Mortal Risks

Preston K. Covey


	Erik Larson~s even-handed article on Paxton Quigley (~Armed Force,~
2/4/93, WSJ) cites the world~s most notorious ~statistic~ regarding guns
in the home:  ~A pioneering study of residential gunshot deaths in King
County, Washington, found that a gun in the home was 43 times more
likely to be used to kill its owner, spouse, a friend or child than to
kill an intruder.~  The ~43 times~ stat is everywhere these days;  it
has grown in media lore like the proverbial urban myth: it was inflated
by one pugilistic talk-show pundit to ~93.~  Given the shock value of
the finding, the conclusion of the 1986 New England Journal of Medicine
(NEJM) study is remarkably understated:  ~The advisability of keeping
firearms in the home for protection must be questioned.~ 
 
	Responsible people should indeed question the risks and benefits of
bringing a firearm into their home.   But what we need to know is this: 
What exactly are the risks and benefits?  The NEJM testimony is neither
the whole truth about the benefits nor nothing but the truth about the
risks.  Further, as with motor vehicles, we want to know:  What control
do we have over the risks and benefits?  And, as with the risks of
cancer or heart disease or auto accidents:  How can we minimize the
risks?  Like raw highway death tolls, the NEJM stat is not very helpful
here. 

	The NEJM finding purports to inform us, but it is framed to warn us
off.  It is widely promulgated in the media as a ~scare stat,~ a
misleading half-truth whose very formulation is calculated to prejudice
and terrify.  The frightful statistic screams for itself:  The risks far
outweigh the benefits, yes?   What fool would run these risks?   If your
car were 43 times more likely to kill you, a loved one, a dear friend or
an innocent child than to get you to your destination,  should you not
take the bus?  

	Uncritical citation puts the good name of statistics in the bad company
of lies and damned lies.   Surely, we can do better where lives are at
stake.   Let~s take a closer look at this risky business:

	The ~43 times~ stat of the NEJM study is the product of dividing the
number of home intruders/aggressors justifiably killed in self-defense
(the divisor) into the number of family members or acquaintances  killed
by a gun in the home (the dividend).  The divisor of this risk equation
is 9: in the study~s five-year sample there were 2 intruders and 7 other
cases of self-defense.  The dividend is 387:  in the study there were 12
accidental deaths, 42 criminal homicides, and 333 suicides.  387 divided
by 9 yields 43.  There were a total of 743 gun-related deaths in King
County between 1978 and 1983,  so the study leaves 347 deaths outside of
homes unaccounted.

	The NEJM~s notorious ~43 times~ statistic is seriously misleading on
six counts:

	1.  The dividend is misleadingly characterized in the media:  the ~or
acquaintances~ of the study (who include your friendly drug dealers and
neighborhood gang members) is equated to ~friends.~  The implication is
that the offending guns target and kill only beloved family members,
dear friends, and innocent children.  Deaths may all be equally tragic,
but the character and circumstance of both victims and killers are
relevant to the risk.  These crucial risk factors are masked by the
calculated impression that the death toll is generated by witless
Waltons shooting dear friends and friendly neighbors.  This is
criminological hogwash.

	2.   The study itself does not distinguish households or environs
populated by people with violent, criminal, or substance-abuse histories
-- where the risk of death is very high -- versus households inhabited
by more civil folk (for example, people who avoid high-risk activities
like drug dealing, gang banging and wife beating) -- where the risk is
very low indeed.  In actuality, negligent adults allow fatal but
avoidable accidents; and homicides are perpetrated mostly by people with
histories of violence or abuse, people who are identifiably and
certifiably at ~high risk~ for misadventure.  To ignore these obvious
risk factors in firearm accidents and homicides is as misleading as
ignoring the role of alcohol in vehicular deaths: by tautology, neither
gun deaths nor vehicular deaths would occur without firearms or
vehicles; but the person and circumstance of the gun owner or driver
crucially affect the risk. 

	3.  One misleading implication of the way the NEJM stat is framed is
that the mere presence of a gun in the home is much more likely to kill
than to protect, and this obscures -- indeed, disregards -- the role of
personal responsibility.  The typical quotation of this study (unlike
Larson~s) attributes fatal agency to the gun:  ~A gun in the home is 43
times as likely to kill . . . .~  (The Center to Prevent Handgun
Violence, a major promulgator of the NEJM statistic, uses this
particular formulation.)  We can dispense with the silly debate about
whether it~s people or guns that accomplish the killing:  again, by
tautology, gun  deaths would not occur without the guns.  The question
begged is how many deaths would occur anyway, without the guns.  In any
case, people are the death-dealing agents, the guns are their lethal
instruments.  The moral core of the personal  risk factors in gun deaths
are personal responsibility and choice.  Due care and responsibility
obviate gun accidents; human choice mediates homicide and suicide (by
gun or otherwise).  The choice to own a gun need not condemn a person to
NEJM~s high-risk pool.  The gun does not create this risk by itself. 
People have a lot to say about what risk they run with guns in their
homes.  For example, graduates of Paxton Quigley~s personal protection
course do not run the touted ~43 times~ risk any more than skilled and
sober drivers run the same risks of causing or suffering vehicular death
as do reckless or drunk drivers.  Undiscriminating actuarials disregard
and obscure the role of personal responsibility and choice, just as they
disregard and obscure the role of socio-economic, criminological and
other risk-relevant factors in firearm-related death.  This is why we
resent insurance premiums and actuarial consigment to risk pools whose
norms disregard our individualities.  Fortunately, nothing can consign
us to the NEJM risk pool but our own lack of choice or responsibility in
the matter.

	4.  Suicide accounts for 84% of the deaths by gun in the home in the
NEJM study.  As against the total deaths by gun in King County,
including those outside the home, in-house suicides are 44% of the total
death toll, which is closer to the roughly 50% proportion found by other
studies.  Suicide is a social problem of a very different order from
homicide or accidents.  The implication of the NEJM study is that these
suicides might not occur without readily available guns.  It is true
that attempted suicide by gun is likely to succeed.  It is not obviously
true that the absence of a gun would prevent any or all of these
suicides.  This is widely assumed or alleged, but the preponderance of
research on guns and suicide actually shows otherwise, that this is
wishful thinking in all but a few truly impulsive cases.  (See:  Bruce
L. Danto et al., The Human Side of Homicide,  Columbia University Press,
1982;  Charles Rich et al.,  ~Guns and Suicide,~  American Journal of
Psychiatry,  March 1990.)  If suicides were removed from the dividend of
the NEJM study~s risk equation, the ~43 times~ stat would deflate to
~six.~  The inclusion of suicides in the NEJM risk equation -- like the
causes, durability, or interdiction of suicidal intent itself -- is a
profoundly debatable matter.  Quotations of the NEJM study totally
disregard this issue.

	5.  Citations of the NEJM study also mislead regarding the estimable
rate of justifiable and excusable homicide.  Most measures, like the
NEJM homicide rate, are based on the immediate disposition of cases. 
But many homicides initially ruled criminal are appealed and later ruled
self-defense.  In the literature on battered women, immediate case
dispositions are notorious for under-representing the rate of
justifiable or excusable homicide. Time~s January 18, 1993, cover story
on women ~Fighting Back~ reported one study~s finding that 40% of women
who appeal have their murder convictions thrown out.  Time~s July 17,
1989, cover story on a week of gun deaths reported 51% of the domestic
cases as shootings by abuse victims; but only 3% of the homicides were
reported as self-defense.  In a May 14, 1990, update, Time  reported
that 12% of the homicides had eventually been ruled self-defense. In
Time~s sample, the originally reported rate of self-defense was in error
by a factor of four.  The possibility of such error is not acknowledged
by promulgators of the NEJM statistic. 

	6.  While both the dividend and the product of the NEJM risk equation
are arguably inflated, the divisor is unconscionably misleading.  The
divisor of this equation counts only aggressors who are killed,  not
aggressors who are successfully thwarted without being killed or even
shot at.   The utility of armed self-defense is the other side of the
coin from the harms done with guns in homes.  What kind of moral idiocy
is it to measure this utility only in terms of killings ?  Do we measure
the utility of our police solely in terms of felons killed  -- as
opposed to the many many more who are otherwise foiled, apprehended, or
deterred?  Should we not celebrate (let alone count ) those cases where
no human life is lost as successful armed defenses?  The question posed
to media that cite the NEJM scare stat is this:  Why neglect the
compendious research on successful armed defense, notably by
criminologist Gary Kleck (Point Blank: Guns and Violence in America ,
Aldine de Gruyter, 1992)?
	Kleck~s estimations of the rate and risk of defensive firearm use are
based on victimization surveys as well as other studies:  the rate is
high (about one million a year) and the risk is good (gun defenders fare
better than anyone, either those who resort to other forms of resistance
or those who do not resist).  Dividing one million gun defenses a year
by 30,000 annual gun deaths (from self-defense, homicides, suicides, and
accidents) yields 33.  Thus, we can construct a much more favorable
statistic than the NEJM scare stat:  

A gun is 33 times more likely to be used to defend against assault or
other crime than to kill anybody.   

	Of course, Kleck~s critics belittle the dividend of this calculation;
what is good news for gun defenders is bad news for gun control.  We
should indeed question the basis and method of Kleck~s high estimation
of defensive firearm use, as I have questioned the NEJM statistic. 
Clearly, the issue of how to manage mortal risks is not settled by
uncritical citation of statistics.   One thing troubles me still:  we
can hardly escape the unquestioned NEJM scare stat in our media,  but we
hardly ever find Kleck~s good work mentioned,  even critically.

-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54633
From: robs@bcstec.ca.boeing.com (Robert Sipe)
Subject: Senator Patty Murrey's tax proposal

   If you haven't heard yet, US Senator Patty Murrey, a Mom in
tennis shoes, is planning to introduce legislation to tax
all handgun transactions and increase dealer licnese costs in
order to raise money to cover the costs of un-insured shooting
victums.  She plans to start with $2500.00 per year dealer fees
and $40.00 or so, depending on the type of firearm, per gun
transaction.  She plans to make it federal.
   She was elected in Washington state under the trade mark as
just a mom in tennis shoes.  She can be written to via the
United States Senate, Washinton DC.  She is looking for your
tennis shoes.  So if you have a pair please send them to her
with your feelings regarding this tax.  
   She claims she has heard little from the opposition.

Lets inundate her!


-- 
BIGOT!  The definition of a bigot is a conservative winning an argument!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54634
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

In article <1r8m19INNeph@cronkite.Central.Sun.COM> dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM writes:
/>/:/g
j:Maybe they WANTED it to look like murder. He had 50+ days. I think this was
:>coming the whole time. He didn't even put the children in the buried bus or
:>the underground bunker during the CS seige. He put them up into the tower
:>to die.
:
:	Is CS gas lighter or heavier than air?  Do you know?  If the

CS is heavier than air... most chemical weapons are...

-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54636
From: f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu
Subject: Re: Reno, fascist dog 

In article <1993Apr23.010640.4583@news.columbia.edu>, pgf5@cunixb.cc.columbia.edu (Peter Garfiel Freeman) writes:
> Janet Reno should be lauded for her decision to attack the 
> compound of the Davidians.  I mean, the last thing we 
> need in this country is more gun-toting hicks who want
> to end the world.  I think ATF, the US Marshalls, the FBI and local
> police forces should make a concerted effort to rid us 
> of the scourge of rebellious freaks.
> 
> Welch eine Wonne!  Welch ein Leiden!
> 
> 
> Pete
> 
> 
	While dedicating the Holocaust Memorial Museum, President 
Clinton remarked:

	``The evil represented in this museum is incontestable, 
but as we are its witness, so must we remain its adversary in the 
world in which we live, so we must stop the fabricators of history 
and the bullies as well."

	Clinton made this comment shortly after giving Janet Reno 
the go-ahead to hastily construct a gas chamber and crematorium
in Waco... on the fiftieth anniversary of the Warsaw uprising.

	Say, wasn't Monday also the anniversary of Paul Revere's ride?
Is that a clue?
	
 *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 Joe Gaut                    |   In the super-state, it really does not
 <f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu> |   matter at all what actually happened.
     Remember the Alamo      |   Truth is what the government chooses to 
       Remember Waco         |   tell you.  Justice is what it wants to happen.
                                        --Jim Garrison, New Orleans, La.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54637
From: dmeyers@mal-s2.gatech.edu (Dave Meyers)
Subject: Re: Who's next? Mormons and Jews?

In <1993Apr20.003522.22480@midway.uchicago.edu> thf2@kimbark.uchicago.edu (Ted Frank) writes:

>The Koreshians rubbed themselves out.  Neither Mormons nor Jews have a
>propensity for dousing themselves with kerosene, so I'm not particularly
>concerned.  (Or shall we blame Jim Jones on the government also?)

The suggestion that they Davidians committed suicide is
completely without evidence.  Except for the editorials...

Please re-word.  "propensity for allegedly dousing themselves".

Oh, and the survivors claim the the FBI started the burning
by accidentally igniting kerosene lanterns (remember that they'd
already cut the power), and the propane tanks.  This sounds
a lot more likely than committing suicide by setting the place
afire.

--D
-- 
-- -- -- David S. Meyers (dmeyers@math.gatech.edu) -- -- --
When encryption is outlawed, only outlaws will &*kh*&n*&b&mk


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54638
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: The LAW of RETRIBUTION

In article <lteid7INN88q@appserv.Eng.Sun.COM>, fiddler@concertina.Eng.Sun.COM (steve hix) writes:

[re McElwaine]

> Is there NOWHERE on the net that this guy WILL NOT POST?

I just heard this week that he has started on COMPUSERVE flying models
forum now.  Sigh.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54639
From: jfh@rpp386 (John F. Haugh II)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

In article <blake.70.735413837@nevada.edu> blake@nevada.edu (Rawlin Blake) writes:
>I was hoping that Kent State taught us a lesson.
>
>Apparently not.
>
>Apparently the government will murder anyone they choose to still.

That's right.  Despite claims that someone at Kent State fire a shotgun
at the the soldiers, the only projectiles that anyone can prove where
sent in the direction of the soldiers were rocks.
-- 
John F. Haugh II                  [ PGP 2.1 ] !'s: ...!cs.utexas.edu!rpp386!jfh
Ma Bell: (512) 251-2151           [ DoF #17 ]        @'s: jfh@rpp386.cactus.org

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54640
From: kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

From article <1r492jINN5fo@charnel.ecst.csuchico.edu>, by nomad@ecst.csuchico.edu (Michael Larish):
> In article <1993Apr19.184303.6205@stortek.com> vojak@icebucket.stortek.com (Bill Vojak) writes:
>>
>>both of my Senators, and my Rep.  I also called the White House
>>comment line (was on hold for 8-10 minutes so maybe LOTS of people
>>are calling).  Please call your Congress Critter/WH comment line NOW!
> 
> 	Just a general note, I have seen several polls lately and they
> show a large majority (a) thinks that this incident was handled ok and
> (b) thinks that the FBI and BATF gave them more than enough time (51 days)
> to come out.

I take it that when something happens that is wrong it's okay if
a bunch of people say it is?  For instance, if some people go on a
murderous rampage and lynch some blacks and then a poll is taken which
shows that the majority of people think that this is acceptable then
does this mean that what these people have done isn't bad?  This is an
example of mob rule not a democracy---a democracy in which people's
rights are protected.  I hope that I've made myself clear on this.

>>Make the following points:
>>
>> 1) Your outrage over todays behaviour.
> 
> 	And what if I'm not outraged?

Fine...you have the right to hold any opinion that you want to.  But,
let me ask you this:  are you outraged over this tragedy?  I hope
that you are, your opinions of David Koresh and his followers not
withstanding.  I know I am.

>> 2) Since BATF Chief Higgens AND Janet Reno were the 2 who "signed off"
>>    on this plan, demand that they be fired!
> 
> 	Actually, they should both be commended...

Why?  I'd be interested in hearing your reasons.

>> 5) Point out that even if the fire was set by someone inside of the
>>    building, it came as a direct result of the actions of the FBI/BATF.
>>    And the people inside (including 17 children) deserved a trial, instead
>>    of this.
> 
> 	What I want to know is what exactly did you expect them to do?  I
> can see it now...the 11 o'clock news...  "FBI and BATF agents still
> surround the Waco compound after 451 days..."  I don't think so.  They gave
> them every chance.  They had 51 days to surrender to proper authorities.
> They had attornies representing them, etc.  Koresh lied time and time again.
> I don't wish them dead but you can't let it stalemate forever.  It was time
> to do something and the FBI and BATF did.  What happened was unfortunate
> but acceptable (as long as the FBI didn't set the fire intentionally).
> 
> -- 
> Michael G. Larish       | Amateur Radio Callsign:  KD6CTZ
> nomad@ecst.csuchico.edu | Golden Empire Amateur Radio Society (GEARS) - W6RHC
> California State        | Chico State Amateur Radio Society (CSARS)
> University, Chico       | Butte County Sheriff's Search & Rescue - #317


Scott Kennedy,  Brewer and Patriot

Before:  "David Koresh is a cheap thug who interprets
          the Bible through the barrel of a gun..."  --ATF spokesman
After:   "[The ATF] is a cheap thug who interprets
          [the Constitution] through the barrel of a gun..."  --Me

         *******************************************
         * BATF = Cigarette Cops                   *
         * FBI  = Fuehrer's Bureau of Incineration *
         *******************************************




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54641
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1993Apr23.153005.8237@starbase.trincoll.edu>, () writes:
> > Must be comforting to belong to a government approved religion.

> > Baptists are a cult, two, BTW, under most of the definitions in the dictionary  
> > of "cult".

> I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
> and M-16's/AR-15's

Know any Mormons?

> and banging/marrying thirteen yuear olds.

Know for a fact that this was happening?  State of Texas says it wasn't,
and they held a trial to prove it.

> You're a sorry
> son of a bitch if you can't draw a distinction between these two things.

Sure we can.  The top two things are perfectly legal.  The bottom one
isn't.  The person here who can't distinguish seems to be you.

> People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend sociopaths
> who aren't deserved of it.

So the constitution is only for people you approve of.  Fine, fine.
I usually refer to that as "elitism," because "bigotry" is so negative.

> Get a life and chill on the paranoia.

Knowing that people like you are out there really gives me warm fuzzies.

> joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54642
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1993Apr23.153005.8237@starbase.trincoll.edu>  writes:
>In article <1r6h4vINN844@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
>Arras) wrote:
>>   
>> You seem to make two points.  No one ultimately oversees the federal agencies  
>> you mention, and since Koresh "apparently" has a different view point from your  
>
>I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
>and M-16's/AR-15's and banging/marrying thirteen yuear olds. You're a sorry

Hmm... all reports from Texas authorities indicate that none of the children
which the group released showed any signs of child abuse.. given that the same
results were found the last time the group was investigated for such allegations,
I can pretty much state that I strongly suspect the government of disinformation
/deception on this issue.  And about stockpiling weapons/food, many recognized
religous groups practice maintaining a one years supply of food, and some even
maintain a supply of weapons and ammunition, why are those two facts grounds 
for an armed assault?  And from the dollar value of the weapons purchased, 
if they bought decent firearms it comes out to about one handgun, rifle, and
shotgun for each adult, with a few extras...  Going by that rule, the BATF
best get ready for the fight of their life when they assault Alabama...

-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54643
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Your Evil Tax Dollars at Work, was RE: ATF BURNS RANCH ETC ETC...

In article <1993Apr23.162517.14029@hpcvusn.cv.hp.com>, kam@cv.hp.com (Keith Marchington) writes:

> Good question.  Take an objective look at what happened, listen to the 
> things that the FBI said ("The BD's started the fire."  "The BD's bodies
> were found with gunshot wounds.") that are now being refuted by the 
> evidence being recovered.  Seems that the FBI is deliberately making
> statements that have no rational basis in fact, and trying to make
> them sound like fact.  

That's another sad thing.  I'd expect this sort of shit from the BATF.
But I'm goddamn disappointed in the FBI.  They used to be professionals.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54644
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu> green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green) writes:
>Just to shed some light on the fire, it was widely reported (AP, etc.) that
>there WERE several witnesses to BD folks starting the fires.  It has also
>been reported that the fires broke out in several places at once, which
>rules out a Bradley knocking over a lamp, etc. as the cause.
>
>What I would like to see is some serious discussion of this incident.  I
>believe the moves made were right and proper, but I still have some problems
>with some of the tactics.  After watching the ABC special on it tonight, as
>well as CNN and Nightline, I question some of the ATF and FBI actions.
>
>1) Could it have been possible to have taken Koresh outside the compound at
>some time before the Feb. 28th raid?

I think it was - he went into town fairly often, and was known to go
jogging.  This was even during the 9 month period when he was being
watched.  One wonders why the BATF went ahead, when they had been warned
according to an interview with a BATF agent, that the BD were expecting
them, and why they had the media in tow.  Almost looks like they wanted
to have a romp and a nice show for the media, and it all went to hell...

He was also never known to act violently.  He has always surrendered
peacefully before (but of course, the warrants were served peacefully).
He has been tried on the allegations before and found NOT GUILTY.

The justification for this mess was he was alleged to have purchased
$200,000.00 worth of guns and stuff (over an undetermined time period).
Last I heard this is not a crime, or indication of one.  I know of an
INDIVIDUAL with that much value in guns.  SHould he get a fly-thru-the-door
shoot-first-talk-later raid?  (grenades are shooting first, nobody I
know of can say 'oh, thats only a stun grenade, thats OK...').  Can you?
I sure cannot.  Also, one cannot be sure that 200K figure is not calculated
like the Feds calculate the value of a drug siezure...  Even so, it
is a 'so what' issue...  He wasn't bothering anyone (besides the
BATF who doesn't like folks other than themselves or other govt
people having any effective guns)... and having an unapproved
religeous group.  Are we required to not offend the BATF these
days?  I sure hope it hasn't come to THAT...

MY point is, it DOES NOT ADD UP.  We need an independent investigation,
and NOW.  Assuming other than FBI/BATF are preserving the evidence.

>2) Could a further wait have resulted in a different outcome.

They had the premisis bugged.  I am inclined to think a further wait
would have saved lives.  One wonders why they didn't have emergency
gear on hand when they moved, and why they didn't turn on the water
when a fire was observed, instead of saying "aw, gee, there is no water".

Why so long before the fire gear even SHOWED UP - like after the building
had pretty much finished burning?  Fireman safety?  Isn't that a decision
the firefighters should be allowed to make?  No water?  Why didn't
the Feds TURN IT BACK ON?  They sure could cut it off quickly enough...

One does wonder about the possibility of 'settling scores'...

>3) Were FBI actions (blaring loudspeakers, etc.) the "right" course of action?
>
>And a few other questions.  Like I said, I believe the actions taken, in
>general, were proper.  But I still have some reservations.
>
>One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
>"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
>had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.

What does 'taking responsibility' mean?  You think she is going to be
facing jail time if the acts were found to be criminal?  You think
she is going to face ANY repercussions if the FBI/BATF are found to
have acted wrongly?  I don't.  It is a nice PR gimmick, though.

I am not assured there will even be a serious independent investigation
for possible wrongdoing or criminal acts on the part of the BATF or FBI.
I expect to hear "they are our best law enforcement.  They wouldn't do
anything like that - NO WAY.  OUT of the QUESTION.  End of issue".

I want to see an INDEPENDENT investigation, with full prosecuting and
subpoena powers.  With felony prosecution where felony acts are found.
Fat chance, I bet.  I bet the Justice Dept will have an internal
investigation which will turn up at most 'poor judgement'.

I hope I am wrong, that this is gone over with a fine tooth comb.

-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54645
From: ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5stLG.Fwq@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:

> Sorry, guy, you got it wrong.  ATF was pumping tear gas into the compound.
> The Branch Davidians (going along with their apocolyptic faith) set their
> own compound on fire killing all but 9 or so.  No children survived.

Seeing as how people are willing to quote the FBI quoting cultists
who just yesterday were deranged and not to be trusted (hmm the FBI
or the cultists...) I think I'll quote the BBC quoting (actually voice
interview) one of the two British survivors. He claimed that the fire
started when the tanks caused an internal wooden wall/roof to collapse
knocking over kerosene lamps and that they had no suicide plan.

Maybe true, partly true, or false.
-- 
Alan Greig                            Janet: A.Greig@uk.ac.dct
Dundee Institute of Technology	   Internet: A.Greig@dct.ac.uk
Tel: (0382) 308810                 (Int +44 382 308810)
         ** Never underestimate the power of human stupidity **

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54646
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Government Exlanations for WACO

When you have no principles, you can't admit that someone else might,
and everyone who acts differently from what you expect can only be a nutcase.
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

I'm beginning to look forward to reaching the %100 allocation of taxes
to pay for the interest on the national debt. At that point the
federal government will be will go out of business for lack of funds.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54647
From: ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu>, green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green) writes:

> And a few other questions.  Like I said, I believe the actions taken, in
> general, were proper.  But I still have some reservations.

We've heard a lot of talk about brainwashing in Waco but the brainwashing
of the general population never ceases to amaze me. Here is an
example of action being taken which results in the worst possible
outcome and despite people's deep intuition telling them something
is wrong the programming will still cut in and say that the
agents probably acted in good faith. NO THEY DIDN'T. They either did
not have enough information to act in good faith or else they acted
knowing the risk. Sums up human stupidity all over and one of these
days it will destroy the fucking planet: "Oh sorry. Didn't think they
would respond by launching a strike. All our best calculations told
us they were bluffing."

-- 
Alan Greig                            Janet: A.Greig@uk.ac.dct
Dundee Institute of Technology	   Internet: A.Greig@dct.ac.uk
Tel: (0382) 308810                 (Int +44 382 308810)
         ** Never underestimate the power of human stupidity **

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54648
From: ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr21.053035.29591@mcs.kent.edu>, mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu (The Lawnmowerman) writes:
> In article <1r1j1l$4t@transfer.stratus.com>, cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>> In article <1993Apr20.143255.12711@mcs.kent.edu>, mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu (The Lawnmowerman) writes:
>> 
>> Oh, then, I guess that shooting THOSE kind of babies is all right.
>> 
>> You sick bastard.
>> -- 
>> 
>> cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
>> OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...
>> 
> 
> Why thanks for your reply to my post.  By the way, I never, never ever said 
> that it was right to shoot "THOSE kind" of babies.  However it was the Branch
> Davidian people in there that insisted on staying there with their "savior" 
> (yeah right budy boy) because he had brain-washed them into believing that 
> what ever he says is the truth, even if means that they are to give up their
> lives for <<<<HIS>>>> cause.  Therefore it is Davids fault and not the ATF's
> who gave them 50 to 51 days to get out, this was 50 days to many for me and

For goodness sake if they had fired a cruise missile at the compound more
people would have come out alive. It was obvious to anyone with the remotest
contact with reality that such an outcome was likely (not just possible)
however the fire started. As, Mr Lawnmower, you seem to have already entered
your own little virtual reality I guess you can't be expected to understand
things in the real universe.
-- 
Alan Greig                            Janet: A.Greig@uk.ac.dct
Dundee Institute of Technology	   Internet: A.Greig@dct.ac.uk
Tel: (0382) 308810                 (Int +44 382 308810)
         ** Never underestimate the power of human stupidity **

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54649
From: ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5sIAJ.Ks7@news.udel.edu>, roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:

> So, why didn't the BD's leave when the gas was first introduced much 
> earlier in the morning?  Didn't they care about the children?
> 
> Why didn't they release the children weeks ago?

Because most of the children were with their parent(s). Do you understand
that concept? Here's a bunch of people who believe in their minds that
the forces of Satanic evil are outside and you expect them to hand over
their own children? Were you born that stupid or does it take a lot
of effort?

-- 
Alan Greig                            Janet: A.Greig@uk.ac.dct
Dundee Institute of Technology	   Internet: A.Greig@dct.ac.uk
Tel: (0382) 308810                 (Int +44 382 308810)
         ** Never underestimate the power of human stupidity **

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54650
From: ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1993Apr20.163730.16128@guinness.idbsu.edu>, betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz) writes:
> In article <C5rynw.Iz8@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>>And I suppose the FBI also prevented them from coming out with their 
>>hands up while national tv cameras watch.
>>
> Watch from where?  Two miles away?  Far enough away that whatever
> really happenned must be explained through the vengeful filter of
> a humiliated agency that said (quote!) "Enough is enough."

As I understand it was considered unsafe for the tv networks to get
any closer. Surely the networks can judge the risks of reporting
for themselves. I haven't noticed CNN being banned from Baghdad
hotels yet despite the (all too real) risk of having a cruise
missile land in the lobby. Incidentally has that ever been explained
or are we to assume that out of the whole of the city an off-course
missile just happened to hit that hotel at a probability of about
1 in some very large number?

Unsafe for who I wonder?
-- 
Alan Greig                            Janet: A.Greig@uk.ac.dct
Dundee Institute of Technology	   Internet: A.Greig@dct.ac.uk
Tel: (0382) 308810                 (Int +44 382 308810)
         ** Never underestimate the power of human stupidity **

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54651
From: ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <1993Apr20.195636.17742@guinness.idbsu.edu>, betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz) writes:
> --
> betz@gozer.idbsu.edu
> *** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho ***
> *** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights   ***
> *** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,
>     semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium

If you really want to trigger the scanners then move the keywords
above the -- signature start bit... You'll only trip them once in
a sig (plus every so often it will flag one for human intervention
just to be sure)

I might not be being serious.

-- 
Alan Greig                            Janet: A.Greig@uk.ac.dct
Dundee Institute of Technology	   Internet: A.Greig@dct.ac.uk
Tel: (0382) 308810                 (Int +44 382 308810)
         ** Never underestimate the power of human stupidity **

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54652
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

>>This is a stretch.  In fact, a great many of the persecuted Indians were
>>Christian, a great many.  It would be simpler to state the obvious, that
>>white people wanted land the Indians dominated or threatened.  I really
>>don't think the government cared a hill of beans about the Indians' religion.

>My Native American Girlfriend asks: "If the government really doesn't
>'care a hill of beans' about our religion, how come they're still
>busting us for it in Oregon, Washington, and a few other places?
>You'd be a Christian, too, if the U.S. Army marched you into church
>at gunpoint."

Are you saying that the Indians who became Christians did so because the
US Army marched them into church at gunpoint?

This will be news to the Indians of the Great Lakes and upper Mississippi
basin-- of the Southwest-- of Mexico and South America-- who converted even
before there was such a thing as the US.  Are you saying that Indians are
incapable of coming to a decision themselves about their religion without
being forced to at gunpoint?  What about the Christian Cherokees who were
given the boot by the US government after the Civil War... because the
Cherokee nation gave mild support to the Confederacy, since they themselves
owned black slaves.  No, reducing it all to a matter of religion is to
support a much too narrow view of history.

I've never heard of a single treaty, whether broken by the US government or
not (were any NOT????), that said, if you guys convert to Christianity, you
get to keep all the land you claim.  No, treaties were invariably about land...
it meant ceding Indian claims to the government.  Sometimes in return the
US government promised the hunter-gatherer tribes (and plenty of tribes were
already farming for centuries, but we don't hear about non-Plains Indians
in movies) food and training in return for taking up a non-nomadic existence.
Promises, of course, which all to often proved empty. 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54653
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...

In article 1r1lp1INN752@mojo.eng.umd.edu, chuck@eng.umd.edu (Chuck Harris - WA3UQV) writes:
>In article <1993Apr20.050550.4660@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca> j979@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca (FULLER  M) writes:
>>Does a "not harmful" gassing mean that you can, with a little willpower,
>>stay inside indefinitely without suffering any serious health problems?
>>
>>If so, why was CS often employed against tunnels in Vietnam?
>>
>>What IS the difference, anyway?
>
>CS "tear-gas" was used in Vietnam because it makes you wretch so hard that
>your stomach comes out thru your throat.  Well, not quite that bad, but
>you can't really do much to defend yourself while you are blowing cookies.
>
>Chuck Harris - WA3UQV
>chuck@eng.umd.edu
>


Interesting... after several hours worth of exposure, do you still posess
the presence of mind to be able to determine how to escape from an inferno
surrounding you?  In other words, is it possible that the prolonged gassing
disoriented the wackos enough that possibility of escape was rendered
questionable?


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54654
From: wdstarr@athena.mit.edu (William December Starr)
Subject: Cost/Benefit Analysis  (was FBI Director's Statement...)


In article <1993Apr20.212028.17463@twisto.eng.hou.compaq.com>, 
costley@solo.eng.hou.compaq.com (Brett Costley) said:

>> *sigh* I just DON'T understand why they couldn't have waited Koresh&Co
>> out.  [jlpicard@austin.ibm.com]
>
> Uh, maybe because it was costing hundreds of thousands of dollars a
> day to just sit and wait.

Yeah.  We don't want to spend too much money preserving lives, after
all.  Escpecially when they're all just a bunch of crazy fanatic
cultists anyway, instead of normal people.

[The above is supposed to be dripping with sarcasm, but I'm too burned
out right now (get it? "burned out" ha ha!) to tell if it's working.
Look, folks, what David Koresh and his followers were was _broken_.  It
takes a certain amount of flexibility and insanity to survive in this
world and they didn't have enough of it and that wasn't their fault.  So
please stop dancing on their graves, okay?]

-- William December Starr <wdstarr@athena.mit.edu>


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54655
From: hambidge@bms.com
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5sv88.HJy@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>In article <1r1j3n$4t@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>>In article <1r19tp$5em@bigboote.WPI.EDU>, mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
>>
>>> >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
>>>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>>> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day  
>>> in Texas. 
>>
>>Do YOU eat all your food cold?
>
>Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
>Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.

Ever hear about cutting off the electricity? That was done.
How effective is an electric stove then?

Al
[standard disclaimer]


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54656
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu> green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green)  
writes:
> Just to shed some light on the fire, it was widely reported (AP, etc.) that
> there WERE several witnesses to BD folks starting the fires.  It has also
> been reported that the fires broke out in several places at once, which
> rules out a Bradley knocking over a lamp, etc. as the cause.

"Widely reported", eh?  Remember, this has had a news blackout since day 2.
The FBI is the single, sole, source of these rumors.  It may be the truth, but  
it may not be.  We may never know.  We MUST question it, though.  Why no media  
coverare?  What were they hiding?

> 
> What I would like to see is some serious discussion of this incident.  I
> believe the moves made were right and proper, but I still have some problems
> with some of the tactics.  After watching the ABC special on it tonight, as
> well as CNN and Nightline, I question some of the ATF and FBI actions.
> 
> 1) Could it have been possible to have taken Koresh outside the compound at
> some time before the Feb. 28th raid?
> 
It would seem so.

> 2) Could a further wait have resulted in a different outcome.
> 

They would still be alive, today.  Another day is another chance.

> 3) Were FBI actions (blaring loudspeakers, etc.) the "right" course of  
action?
> 
I think it contributed to the outcome.  Folks that are sleep deprived tend not  
to think clearly

> And a few other questions.  Like I said, I believe the actions taken, in
> general, were proper.  But I still have some reservations.
> 
I feel strongly they were NOT proper.

> One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
> "balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
> had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.

As expected.  If it had come out well, he would not have hesitated to take full  
credit.


Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54657
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tKI1.C8s@rice.edu> fontenot@ravl.rice.edu (Dwayne Jacques  
Fontenot) writes:
> In <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu> green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green) writes:
> >Just to shed some light on the fire, it was widely reported (AP, etc.) that
> >there WERE several witnesses to BD folks starting the fires.  It has also
> >been reported that the fires broke out in several places at once, which
> >rules out a Bradley knocking over a lamp, etc. as the cause.
> 
> Consider this: The BDs had more than one lamp; The tanks made more than
> one hole in the building. Did anyone else notice on the video that it
> appeared that wherever there was smoke coming out of the building, there
> was a tank nearby?
> 
> The fact that it appears that fires started in several places does not
> rule out anything.

I watched it live, and have re-watched it several times, and from the press  
vantage point, there was only one starting point visible, where the tank  
punched in on the windward side, and the winds whipped that fire across the  
whole, dry, wooden, structure in minutes.  Faned by the 30 mph gusts, and the  
Hueys.   If there were other fires started, they were not visible, nor were  
they needed to cause the flame progression I observed.
> 
> Also, where are these several witnesses? The way I heard it (from the FBI
> spokesman on CNN) the "witnesses" were all people driving the tanks.
> 
All witnesses get thier paychecks from the FBI.

> >One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
> >"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
> >had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.
> 
> Too bad nothing will happen to her or him. The FBI and the media have
> done their job well.
> 
Yep.  They media has endorsed the FBI version without question.  Sad.

> Dwayne Jacques Fontenot
Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54658
From: bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler)
Subject: Re: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

/ iftccu:talk.politics.guns / Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> /  3:34 pm  Apr 18, 1993 /

>>Surrender your arms. Soon enough, officers will be around to collect
>>them. Resistance is useless. They will overwhelm you - one at a time.
>       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>
>Listen buddy, if you're going to quote Star Trek get the quote right.  It was
>"Resistance is futile".  Get it right the next time :-)

Sounds like a VOGON quote to me..... Perhaps YOU should READ more widely 
instead of watching that idiot box....

Rick.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54659
From: phd85@seq1.keele.ac.uk (D.H. Holden)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

From article <1qvjh9INNh4l@hp-col.col.hp.com>, by dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff):
> NUT CASE PANICS!!!!JUMPS THE GUN ON THE NET BEFORE GETTING FACTS STRAIGHT!!!!

   Brilliant I like it!
--
Dave Holden Phys. Dept. |  Email:                          
keele university.       | phd85@uk.ac.keele.seq1          
keele. staffs. England. |                                   
-----------------------------------------------------------x

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54660
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:



>I don't remember the figures EXACTLY, but there were about 3500 deaths in Texas
>in 1991 that was caused by guns.....
>This is more than those beeing killed in car-ACCIDENTS!
>(Yes, there could be that low sentences or high poverty could influence the
>figures but they're still *pretty* high right??)
>I also believe Texas has some of the most liberal 'gun-laws' in USA......

In Texas, you cannot carry a handgun.  Period.  Either concealed or open.
And your numbers are misleading; they include suicides and accidents.  The
real number from the Department of Public Safety:

                   Murders, Non-neg hom		Car fatalities
1991			2651			  3079
1992			2240			  3057

Texas only has "liberal" gun laws as far as purchasing a firearm; aside 
from that, it's probably more restrictive than most states as far as carry
goes.


>One state (don't remember which, Texas??) tried to impose a rule that you could
>only buy ONE gun each MONTH. Think you all know what happened.....

The state was Virginia, and the law passed.

>I respect the right to defend yourself, but that right should not inflict on
>other people.

That right only inflicts on those who threaten my rights to life,
liberty, the pursuit of happiness, etc., in the first place.  I am not
a criminal, and I don't indiscriminately fire my weapons at random.  
So please explain how I am "inflicting" anything on other people.

>	This is not a .signature.
>	It's merely a computergenerated text to waste bandwith
>	and to bring down the evil Internet.


>                        Thomas Parsli
>                        thomasp@ifi.uio.no

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54661
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas) writes:

>Nerve gas and mustard gas are well defined.  Other poisonous
>gasses should be individually banned only if it can be shown that there
>is no use not related to weaponry.  Licenses should be available for
>research purposes on such chemicals.

>I am not a lawyer, but these ideas could certainly be a basis for 
>definitions.

I hope you realize how trivial it is to manufacture these compounds.  Given
about $10k in lab equipment and chemicals (which are commercially available)
and given the knowledge that I have (graduating BS, Ch, 1993) I could 
synthesize enough of these compounds to make a serious dent in the population
of several major US cities.  As also noted, the knowledge is there for
the production of nuclear weapons.  It's not even that restricted.  The
only thing is the expense.  

Now I'm not going around making these things, but it's not 'cause of any
law; I simply don't get any marginal benefit out of killing anyone.  Any
law you enact in this respect is only going to give you the ability to 
add a charge against someone who does make and use said weapons.  In the
case of chemical agents, I seriously doubt that you would even know that
someone had set up a lab until after the weapons had been used.  

Part of the trouble with the chemical-weapons ban treaty between the US
and the USSR is that many of the precursors to chemical weapons such as
GB and Sarin, etc., is that they have very valid commercial uses, and 
it is very easy to divert those precursors to chemical weapons manufacture
without anyone knowing about it.

>>< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
>><  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >


>-- 
>doug foxvog
>douglas.foxvog@vtt.fi

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54662
From: se08+@andrew.cmu.edu (Seth Adam Eliot)
Subject: reference needed....


Does anybody have any solid data on how many legally owned versus
illegally owned firearms are used in crime.  I know the number of
legally owned guns used in crime is small, but I would like a number,
and a reference if possible.

Data should be e-mailed to me.
Open discussion should be directed to talk.politics.guns

-Seth

__________________________________________________________________________
[unlike cats] dogs NEVER scratch you when you wash them. They just
become very sad and try to figure out what they did wrong. -Dave Barry
           
Seth Eliot                    Dept of Material Science and Engineering
                              Carnegie Mellon Univerity,   Pittsburgh, PA
ARPA    :eliot+@cmu.edu       |------------------------------------------
   or    se08+@andrew.cmu.edu |
Bitnet:  se08%andrew@cmccvb   |      
------------------------------|


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54663
From: 0005111312@mcimail.com (Peter Nesbitt)
Subject: Need Senate Bill numbers and House Resolution numbers

Sorry for posting this here, but noone has replied to my post from the politics
side of the group.

I want to get involved in the fight to save our gun rights.  But first, I need
to get a little more educated.  I've been reading all the magzines and books I
can get my hands on, and sifting through hundreds of messages here in the 
Internet.

I want to obtain a COMPLETE list of Senate Bill and House Resolution
names/numbers.

Can anyone tell me how/where to obtain this info?  Surely there has to be a
way to obtain copies of anti-gun legislation from those *&%$#@'s in Washington.

Any help is appreciated.

/-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\

| Peter D. Nesbitt |     Air Traffic Controller     | PNESBITT@MCIMAIL.COM    |

|                  |       Oakland Bay TRACON       |                         |

|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

|  CBR600F2 Pilot  |       NRA Member CCX1380F      |  S&W .41 Magnum Carrier |

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------/




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54665
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5tLxr.1xq@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
writes:
> In article <1r21g2INNeah@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De  
Arras) writes:
> >In article <C5sou8.LnB@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
> >writes:
> >> In article <1993Apr20.163730.16128@guinness.idbsu.edu>  
betz@gozer.idbsu.edu  
> >(Andrew Betz) writes:
> >> >In article <C5rynw.Iz8@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
> >writes:
> >> >>And I suppose the FBI also prevented them from coming out with their 
> >> >>hands up while national tv cameras watch.
> >> >>
> >> >Watch from where?  Two miles away?  Far enough away that whatever
> >> >really happenned must be explained through the vengeful filter of
> >> >a humiliated agency that said (quote!) "Enough is enough."
> >> 
> >> Please tell me what you think would have happened had the people 
> >> come out with their hands up several weeks ago.
> >> 
> >It didn't happen.
> 
> And who is responsible for it not happening?
> Certainly not the children.  Koresh was calling the shots.  He was 
> talking with his lawyer and the FBI.  Since others were released safely, 
> there is no sane reason for keeping the children inside the compound.
> 

The FBI and Koresh were calling the shots.  And there were very sane reasons  
for keeping the children, if they let them go, the parents would NEVER see them  
again.  That is not an easy choice, in spite of you cold attitude about it.

> >> >>scenario that is simplest and most plausible.  I do not generally 
> >> >>believe in conspiracy theories that involve complicated and unlikely 
> >> >>scenarios.
> >> >
> >> >The FBI sent letters to Martin Luther King's wife insinuating
> >> >that MLK was having an affair!  Again, please tell us exactly
> >> >how much you trust our supposedly benevolent government.
> >> 
> >> More than someone who would not release children from the compound.
> >> 
> >Obviously.  You are an authority worshiper.
> 
> Not at all.  Are you a Koresh worshiper?

I am a constitution worshiper.  You quite obviously eat anything the  
authorities feed you, without doubt, which makes you no different that a Koresh  
worshiper

> 
> >> I.e., more than David Koresh/Vernon Howell/"Jesus Christ".
> >> I saw lengthy excerpts from an Australian documentary made in 
> >> 1992 that clearly showed that this was a cult.
> >
> >Give me a camera, and time with you, and I can present excerpts that show  
you  
> >to be a cult leader.  Guarenteed. 
> 
> Thanks for my laugh of the day!  Definitely a very silly supposition.
> 
If you do not believe this, you are truly naive.  It is not only possible, it  
is easy.  I worked in the broadcast profession, at a network station, in the  
late 70s, I know what I'm saying here.  Embarrasing footage is easy to get, add  
a little sinister music, and the right voice-over, and I'll have you mother  
agreeing to commit you.

> >You should at least view the whole  
> >documentary before you claim it as a source.
> 
> I would if I could.  The news show that showed the lengthy excerpts also 
> had interviews with the filmmaker who made the documentary who basically 
> confirmed what was shown in the excerpts from the time he spent at the 
> compound in 1992.
> 
The news shows were looking for excerpts which backed their position.  Do you  
think they would show excerpts which disproved their points?

> >> I am not pleased with the BATF handling of the affair.  I think they 
> >> bungled it badly from the start.  But I don't think they are 
> >> responsible for the fire, which started in two different places.
> >
> >Two places, eh?  You saw this?  Or did the wonderful FBI tell you this?  
> >I saw one place.
> 
> I believe that this was reported by local radio reporters on site.
> A fire started in a three story tower at the same time as the two 
> story window shown on the tv coverage.
> 
The reports of multi-starts came solely from the FBI.  Anyone observing the  
fire from the available video would be hard pressed to see more than one point  
of fire.  Which spread across the compound as a uniform rate.

> >> >>The BATF is by no means devoid of fault in the handling of this affair.
> >> >>But to suggest that they may have intentionally started the fire is 
> >> >>ludicrous.
> >> >
> >> >I suspect that there were plenty of camerapeople willing to
> >> >risk small arms fire to get some good footage.  These people
> >> >were told to get the hell out of camera range.  Why?
> >
> >Couldn't answer this one, eh?  This is the most important question of all,  
it  
> >is the root cause of all the other suspicion.
> 
> I thought about mentioning how Reagan and the military treated the press 
> in Grenada and how that set the precedent, but decided it wasn't worthy 
> of discussion.  If the news reporter got shot, you can bet his family 
> would sue the government for letting him into the danger area.

No reported has ever sued the government for such a situation.  They know the  
dangers.  Remember, the BATF invited the initial coverage. And how about a  
simple, remote-controlled, camera or two?  There were ways to provide media  
access.  The FBI obviously just didn't want any.

> 
> The root cause of suspicion in my mind is why 100 people wouldn't flee 
> a building that had numerous exits during the 30 minutes time it took 
> to burn down.  Or why didn't they flee hours earlier when the tear gas was 
> first introduced?  I can find no rational explanation for their behavior.
> 
I can find several.  Tear gas and smoke making it impossible to remove the  
barricades.  Flames blocking exits to the saferooms. Perhaps the gun shots were  
from the FBI, keeping them pinned in?  Who knows?

> -- 
> 

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54666
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5tnGt.224@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
writes:
> In article <1r21vqINNeb8@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De  
Arras) writes:
> >In article <C5spov.LrE@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
> >writes:
> >> In article <1r0qsrINNc61@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De  
> >Arras) writes:
> >> >In article <C5s0Ds.J54@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
> >> >writes:
> >> >> I agree that they deserved a trial.  They had more than 40 days to come 
> >> >> out and get their trial.  They chose to keep the children with them and 
> >> >> to stay inside.  They chose to stay inside even after they were tear  
> >gassed.
> >> >> I do not find these actions rational.  Even Noriega was smart enough to 
> >> >> give up and go for the trial he deserved.
> >> >> 
> >> >
> >> >Mr. Roby, you are a government sucking heartless bastard.  
> >> 
> >> Unworthy of comment.
> >
> >But apparently true.  My opinion, only, of course.
> 
> So, your opinion is truth.  I see...  :-)
> 

Still mastering the language, eh?  Notice the use of "apparently".

> >> >Humans died  
> >> >yesterday, humans who would not have died if the FBI had not taken the 
> >> >actions  
> >> >they did.  That is the undeniable truth.  I cried for them.  
> >> 
> >> Nor would they have died if they had come out with their hands empty.
> >> That is undeniable truth.  
> >
> >No, it is not.  It is possible the FBI planned for this to happen, and the  
> >gunfire heard was the FBI keeping the folks inside.  I'm not proposing this  
as  
> >the way it went down, but just to point out that it's not "undeniable" that  
if  
> >they walked out yesterday, they would be alive today.
> 
> You can believe that if you wish.  It is undeniable, however, that people 
> have left the compound unharmed and alive earier in the standoff.
> 
> And since their leader was preaching that they would have an apocalypse, you 
> can not say undeniably that there wouldn't have been a mass suicide if the 
> FBI had simply stayed outside and waited another 51 days.
> 

I'm not denying that at all.  But every day is another chance for a good  
ending, why push it?  Mr. Roby, you are going to die, anyway, why not today?   
Every moment of life is precious.

> >> My heart bleeds just as much as yours for 
> >> the children who were never released given 51 days of ample opportunities 
> >> to do so.  My heart also bleeds for people so blinded by religious  
devotion 
> >> to not have the common sense to leave the compound when tanks came up 
> >> and started dropping in tear gas early in the morning.
> >
> >My heart "bleeds" for no one.  You are the "bleeding heart".  And I'm sure  
> >beyond any possible doubt that you do not feel for those people as I do.   
You  
> >can not say the heartless things you have said if you did.
> 
> I am the heartless bleeding heart?  You are not making sense.

No, you are the heartless "bleeding heart".  A flaming liberal who "cares  
deeply", who "feels your pain".

> You seem to have no concern that someone would keep children inside this 
> compound when they had 51 days to let them out.  That sounds pretty heartless 
> to me.
> 

You have continually raised this issue, without any understanding of the bonds  
between parent and child.  It is not easy to say a final goodbye to your  
children, I do not think I could do it, either.  If that makes me heartless, so  
be it.  How many children do you have?  I have three.


> I just heard on the news that some of the survivors regret they hadn't 
> stayed in the inferno to prove their loyalty to Koresh.  This makes me 
> sad and sick.
> 

It just makes me sad.  I never claimed Koresh was an angel.

> >> >You seem to say  
> >> >they got what they deserved.
> >> 
> >> I do not think this.  However, if they did set the fire (which started in 
> >> more than one place and spread very quickly), then they got what they 
> >> wanted and put into motion themselves.
> >
> >"they got what they wanted".  What kind of creature are you that you can  
> >believe this?
> 
> Have you ever heard of Jonestown?
> The sad thing is the people inside the compound were the authority 
> worshipers and their only authority was Koresh/Howell.   If these 
> people were able to think for themselves, there would likely be a lot 
> more survivors today.  Koresh preached a fiery apocalypse as early as 
> last year.
> 

I made the same authority worshiper point about you a few lines back.  And once  
again, Jonestown, however sick it was, was doing OK, until "the Authorities"  
showed up and pushed a fragile person over the edge.  

A bull in a china shop.

> >> I see the BATF is going to be investigated by the Justice Dept. and likely 
> >> by Arlen Spectre and congress.  This is good.  They have bungled the  
affair 
> >> from the start.
> >
> >We agree on this.  Now lets have your God, the FBI, investigated, too.
> 
> By all means, the FBI should be investigated, too.  
> BTW, I thought the second ammendment was God.  :-)
> 

Nope, the constitution in total is, for me.  If you think the RKBA is all I'm  
about, you misjudge me.

> >> >Jim
> >> >--
> >> >jmd@handheld.com
> >>  
> 
> 
> -- 
> 
Jim

--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54667
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

In article <1r19l9$7dv@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham) writes:
:What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
:had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
:
:With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
:more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
:
:With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
:mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few

I hope this is a joke... if not, here's my response:

The BATF has a history of no-knock raids with poor evidence, often resulting in
innocent people being killed or suffering injury to person or property.  I will
NOT support the BATF until they clean up their act... Maybe...  As to equipment,
the BATF has damn near anything it wants...  Their faults were in intelligence
(military and civilian definitions apply), tactics (attacking during DAYLIGHT??), methodology (the FBI stated that it is against government policy to assault
a position where there are non-combatants/potential hostages without attempting
negotiations first), and legality.  The BATF's jurisdiction is TAXES on firearms
and tobacco.  They are a branch of the department of the treasury.  They have
very curiously backed away from their claims of illegal weaponry to push the
child-abuse charges... The BATF has no jurisdiction over non-firearms/tobacco
issues! And the charges of child-abuse had been investigated in the past with
no violence and no validation.  This was a clear case of first the BATF, then
the FBI, having watched too many Rambo movies...  My opinion is that the agent
in charge should be charged with executing an illegal raid, criminal negligence,
murder, civil rights violations, and breaking his/her oath to uphold and defend
the Constitution of the US.  The warrant should be unsealed to reveal to the 
public what justification the BATF thought it had in committing an armed assault
on American citizens.  And while on the issue of investigating this issue,
the Randy Weaver case and the Johnny Lawmaster case should be investigated for
BATF wrongdoing.

James

btw, if the BATF came busting in my windows with concussion grenades, you could damn well bet I would return fire to the utmost of my ability.



-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54668
From: an030@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Broward Horne)
Subject: Re: Impeach Clinton, Reno


In a previous article, gs26@prism.gatech.EDU (Glenn R. Stone) says:

>
>Fact:  Both Janet Reno and Bill Clinton have admitted responsibility,
>       even grief, over the deaths in Waco.
>
>Fact:  Regardless of who started the fire, there are more than enough
>       things on tape to make a civil rights case against these two.
>       Cruel and unusual punishment (dying tortured rabbits on tape?)
>       come to mind.  
>
>Fact:  It is a federal felony to infringe civil rights under color of
>       law; where death is involved, this offense carries a penalty
>       of life in prison.
>
>Fact:  Impeachment is allowable for "high crimes and misdemeanors."
>       Anything that's a federal felony should qualify.
>
>Conclusion:  We have NO CHOICE, if we are an honest people, but to 
>             impeach Mr. Clinton, and remove Reno from office.


     I HEARTILY agree.  Now that the BATF warrant has been 
     unsealed, it is CLEAR that Clinton and Reno supported an
     ILLEGAL raid.  Did they not KNOW this?



     NO authority for a 'no-knock" raid
     NO authority to use helicopters.
     NO authority to search for a "drug lab"

    And, apparently, not even any authority to search for "automatic
    weapons".

     51 days of GOVERNMENT LIES.




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54669
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <dusek.735489223@shale> dusek@rtsg.mot.com (James P. Dusek) writes:
>ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig) writes:
>>or the cultists...) I think I'll quote the BBC quoting (actually voice
>>interview) one of the two British survivors. He claimed that the fire
>>started when the tanks caused an internal wooden wall/roof to collapse
>>knocking over kerosene lamps and that they had no suicide plan.
>
>	If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
>burning building?

Assuming the fire was caused by lanterns and stoves being knocked about
by the tanks pushing on the walls (would shake a building pretty good)
perhaps they didn't flee because fleeing would have meant ENTERING the
fire from the other side?  Like they were surrounded by the fire, and
rubble, which finally (combined with teargas, and combustion gasses)
overcame and enveloped them?

In other words they were TRAPPED by the flames, heat, fumes and rubble?

Does that sound plausable?  Not as dramatic as Korash forcing them to
stay, or shooting them (no shot victims found yet), but plausable...

-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54670
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Street stories

In article <1993Apr23.050442.149681@zeus.calpoly.edu>, sparker@tuba.calpoly.edu (Sean Lawrence Parker) writes:
> 
> I just caught the last bit of the street stories segment on 
> woman and guns.What caught my eye was that two woman were
> shown on the program in mass. and both were carrying 
> concealed. Can you obtain a CCW in mass.?( for the ordinary citizen )

CCW's are issued at the discretion of the police chief, so it varies
town by town.

In my town, forget about anything more than "target and sport" (carry to
and from the gun club / hunting area only) unless you're Mr. Moneybags
with Large Daily Deposits.  ("Your life isn't worth shit, but your money --
now, that's important.")  In other towns, they treat law abiding citizens
like adults.  

Secret game hint: you never know when the rules will be changed -- a change 
in police chief can throw a town from either side of the board to the other
-- fun for the whole family!

Some chiefs will grant you a "personal protection" permit if you have been
attacked or threatened.  Some other blue-suited assholes have been known to 
count this as a NEGATIVE against applicants.

It's a crap shoot, and your rights are the stakes.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54671
From: robert@isgtec.com (Robert Osborne)
Subject: Waco

Cross-posted to talk.politics.guns from can.politics:

Mark G. Salyzyn (mark@ve6mgs.ampr.org) wrote:
# cmk@world.std.com (Charles M Kozierok) writes:
# >been to Waco, Texas lately? yes, the government takes care of us
# >all, doesn't it? as long as you belong to a government-sanctioned
# >religion.
#
# Excuse me, but didn't these gun-ladden cult members threaten, shoot and kill
# some people?

They threatened no one.  Their neighbours thought they were a little
strange but all in all the kind of people you would want to live
next door to.

One version has the BATF serving a *search* warrant by jumping out
of a horse trailer with guns and tossing concussion grenades.  If
this is the true order of events then the 'cult' could not know
that a search warrant was being served and since there was no proof
that these guys were police,  the 'cult' had every right to defend
themselves.

: Torching themselves shows briliant tactics, and convinces me
: they *realy* belong in society ...

If you watch actual footage of the fire from start to finish it
is not at all clear that fire wasn't started by the tanks.  The
people who survived are claiming that the fire was started by
the tanks knocking over some kerosene lanterns.  The FBI is
claiming that the 'cult' started the fire.

'they *realy* belong in society' is a catchy phrase but
I'm personally waiting to see what the Texas Rangers have to say
about it all before I pass judgment.   Why don't you do the same.

Some more interesting facts about the Waco incident:

1)  The original assault was conducted by BATF officers wearing
    an assorted types of camouflage.  I saw, on CNN, at least
    three different types.   I would be hard pressed to identify
    a bunch of guys in 'bring-your-own' battle fatigues as
    uniformed officers of the law even if they were claiming to
    be police.
    
2)  The BATF has been lying from the beginning:
    + "We only had handguns" - the original footage showed 4 BATF
      officers on a roof top getting shot at,  one had an MP-5
      assault sub-machine gun.
    + "We were out gunned" - sub-machine guns and shotguns are the
      BEST in quarters weapon,  you can't be out gunned when you
      have the best guns available for the job.
    + "We didn't know they had guns that would shoot through doors!" -
      this one is the best,  there are very few guns that won't shoot
      through a household door,  or through a house WALL for that
      matter.  Since officers from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and
      *Firearms* should know that,  they are either lying or incredibly
      incompetent.  Not to mention criminally negligent if they are
      shooting bullets that they think will stop when the encounter
      plywood.
    + "We had a search warrant.  Actually, we had an arrest warrant.
       No, wait,  we had both.  Yeah, that's the ticket.
       Oh, and they're child molesters too.  And they make *drugs*.
       Did we mention we think they have rocket launchers."
      - The story from BATF and FBI spokespeople has changed daily
      and their claims were getting increasingly outrageous.
      
3)  Throughout the siege the FBI and BATF have be claiming that one
    of their biggest concerns was that Koresh and his followers would
    mass suicide.   Now they are claiming that that's what he did
    AND that they are surprised that he did.  Huh?

All in all I think that anything the FBI and BATF say should be
taken with a grain or two of salt.

Rob.
--
Robert A. Osborne   ...!uunet.ca!isgtec!robert or robert@isgtec.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54672
From: HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In <1r2cat$5a9@geraldo.cc.utexas.edu> mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu writes:

> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
> :mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
> :
> :> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day
> :> in Texas. 
> :
> :Do YOU eat all your food cold?
> 
> Thank you for pointing out the obvious to people who so clearly missed it.
> I can't stand it when people's first reaction is to defend the aggressor.

  Minor quibble:  The assualt (and it was one) began near dawn.  The fire did
not break out for several hours.  I find it highly unlikely that the BD would
be cooking lunch while armored vehicles punch holes in their house and are
pumping in tear gas.  The lantern story makes more sense, except the fire 
seemed to spread too quickly, even given the nature of the buildings and the
very high winds.  And it was daylight, but I guess in the innner recesses it
could be dark--shutters probably closed as well.

  Which puts us back to the FBI did it, or the BD did it, or some other screw-
up occured, which is quite possible.

  The problem with the FBI as a monolithic entity doing it is that it requires
*everybody* involved to keep their mouths shut.  While they tended to behave 
like total idiots, that does not make them homocidal maniacs, either.  And if
it was one nutcase agent, then it serves no purpose to blame the whole agency.

  I can believe that a real nut-case like a Koresh would start such a fire,
but I'm far from convinced he actually did so.

  Then again, I rarely go off making blanket condemnations and pronouncments
within 2 hours of a very confusing incident over 175 miles away...

semper fi,

Jammer Jim Miller 
Texas A&M University '89 and '91
________________________________________________________________________________
 I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
"Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing System."
 "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
      ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54674
From: jim.wray@yob.sccsi.com (Jim Wray)
Subject: BATF/FBI revenge


Jason Kratz writing:

...
JK>If they had rocket launchers and such (as the press and gov claims) why
JK>shouldn't they have done something?  What possible use would a religious cult
JK>have for a rocket launcher?  Also, is child abuse covered by the Bill of
JK>Rights?
...

This is taken a little out of context and I'm not flaming Jason...it's just
that this was the proverbial straw....

I grow a little weary of the allegations (here, the media, people on the
street) that the BD's had all these "horrible illegal weapons and other
paraphenalia of destruction capable of blowing tanks 50 feet into the air..."
and then, without missing a beat, discuss how the BD's willfully commited
mass suicide, or killed their own less fanatical and *then* commited mass
suicide, etc., etc.

If the BD's had all these things and intended to "blow up their abode, blow up
Waco, blow up the entire country, or whatever suits your fancy, what happened
to all the violence they were supposed to unleash? Why wouldn't they have "gone
out in the proverbial blaze of glory" and "come out shooting" with an attitude
of "let's take as many of those dogs as possible with us"?

Instead, they seemed to have preferred death to whatever they thought was in
store for them at the government's hands.

It's totally immaterial whether they were all crazy, all fanatics, all followers
of the antichrist, haters of the government, practicers of weird lifestyles, or
whatever...they must have felt that they were being pressured into renouncing
their beliefs, however how strange or lunatic those beliefs might appear to "you
and me". There is much precedent for such devotion to cause.

My conclusion at this point is that the "authorities" seriously misread their
danger to society (else why did the BD's not do as suggested above) and/or chose
this incident to make some heinous point or satisfy some internal agenda, up to
and including AG J. Renbo using this as an opportunity to assert her manhood.

Some people really do believe it is better to die than be subjected to what
they perceive as the godless government. When I force myself to not judge
others by my own personal standards and beliefs, I can almost admire their
stand.

I surely believe in the Constitution but I don't know that I have such strength
of conviction as evidenced by the BD's.
---
 . OLX 2.2 . Obesa non cantatis!
                          
----
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Ye Olde Bailey BBS   713-520-1569 (V.32bis) 713-520-9566 (V.32bis)     |
|   Houston,Texas          yob.sccsi.com       Home of alt.cosuard       |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54675
From: Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no>
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)



Chemical weapons are not concidered a *very* effectiv weapon against
millitary forces. On civillians on the other hand....

That's one GOOD reason for banning it.

You need VAST amounts of chemicals to be affective, so the best reason
to have/use it is price. (that's why it's called The Poor Mans A-bomb)

Any thoughts on Bio-weapons ??	

If this discusion is about civillians having chem-weapons;
What should they use them on?? Rob a bank ??



	This is not a .signature.
	It's merely a computergenerated text to waste bandwith
	and to bring down the evil Internet.


                        Thomas Parsli
                        thomasp@ifi.uio.no

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54676
From: donb@netcom.com (Don Baldwin)
Subject: Re: Ax the ATF

In article <1r1ito$4t@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
 writes:
>> It's hard to know what/who to believe.  However, the letter I received from
>> the BATF, in response to one I sent to Bentsen, said that there was a search
>> warrant AND an arrest warrant.
>
>Check again.  You may find that the arrest warrant was issued AFTER the
>first firefight.

The letter implies that both warrants were issued before the Feb 28th
shootout but doesn't say so exlicitly.  ACK!

    don


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54677
From: HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In <1r3efjINN3jj@gap.caltech.edu> arc@cco.caltech.edu writes:

> Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
> >I also believe Texas has some of the most liberal 'gun-laws' in USA......
> 
> In Texas, you cannot carry a handgun.  Period.  Either concealed or open.

  Currently, there is a bill before the Texas legislature that would make it
legal for some ordinary folks to carry concealed weapons.  I don't have the
details, sorry.

semper fi,

Jammer Jim Miller 
Texas A&M University '89 and '91
________________________________________________________________________________
 I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
"Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing System."
 "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
      ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54678
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <3876@nlsun1.oracle.nl>, jdurbin@nl.oracle.com (Jason Durbin) writes:
> If even half the speculations of conspiracy made about this are
> true, then I would expect that you people should be calling for
> the ATF, FBI, Texas Rangers, Congress and all branches of the
> US government to be immediately and completey disbanded  --  no
> exceptions. 

Well, we're not.  Which goes to prove you still don't understand what
we're saying here.

> Jeez, do you people really beleive all this crap? Do you also beleive
> in the Zionist Occupation Government and the tooth fairy?

I've lived through the bombing of Cambodia; My Lai; inflated body counts
in VietNam; the funding of Noreiga; Watergate; Contragate; Chappaquiddick;
Kent State; domestic spying by the CIA; Edwin Meese's Pornography 
Commission; the War on Drugs; civil seizure; the MOVE disaster; the LA 
disaster; and now Waco.

Do you really believe that government always does what is right?

> Admittedly mistakes were made but why attribute them to malice rather
> than stupidity?

Watch the news for the next couple of months.  Watch how this whole
government-initiated debacle turns into shouting for "more gun control."
It's already started.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54681
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Re: WI and IL firearms law Questions


|Question #2

|As I understand it, in Evanston, IL, they have a ordinance banning handguns.
|Is there any way to get around this provision?

Why don't you call the City and ask? Oak Park also has an illegal handgun
ban as well, but does allow those with a "collectors FFL" to possess
("collectible?") handguns.

|What would the penalty if you were found out be?

Probably a fine in practical terms.

|What if you used said handgun in a defensive shooting in your apartment 
|there?  How would the city law apply to your impending 
|trial for the shooting?

It wouldn't impede your defense at all. There was an actual incident
in Oak Park where a gas station owner engaged in a shootout with a
handgun; the grand jury decided not to presecute. On the other hand,
a black man used an illegally owned handgun in Oak Park to defend
himself, and the Village tried to make an example out of him. An NRA
Director who lived there made a stink about this, and it was decided
not to charge the guy. Of course, pissing off anti-gun police thugs
has it's own drawbacks, like when the Oak Park Police Chief came to his
house, and told him: "this is stepping over the line; this could get
dangerous for you." Whereupon the few black Oak Park police officers
watched over his house to ensure that the white anti-gun police chief
and his anti-gun cronies wouldn't f*ck with him, his home or family.

|Also, what is IL state law concerning short barreled weapons?  Short barreled
|shotgun is what I would be interested in if a handgun were not available, 
|either that or a shortened 9mm carbine (ie Colt, Marlin).  

L.V. Cipriani states that the "Any other weapon" category is allowed,
but the exact relationship between an Ithaca Auto-burgular, which I
believe is in the "Any other weapon" category and a chopped barrel
H&K HK-94 (Class 3 for sure) is not clear to me...

|One more thing, what is the chance of getting a CCW permit in IL without being
|rich or famous or related to the mayor?

In your dreams, buddy. As long as Democrats reign in Chicago, Illinois
residents will always be disarmed and helpless in the streets. Politicians
get around this by provisions in the law that allow them to carry
concealed weapons. Voters in Chicago are too stupid to vote these a**holes
out of office; because the Dems are always in power, the Illinois 
Supreme Court is always tilted to the Democratic Party's views on guns.
[All candidates supported by political consultant David Axelrod are
anti-gun, which explains anti-RKBA Crook County States Attorney 
Jack(ass) O'Malley being a so-called "Republican."]

Get rid of the Chicago Democrats, get rid of their members on the IL
Judiciary, and you got a fighting chance of a preemption law and a CCW
law...

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54682
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??

In article <C5y9x7.7v0@well.sf.ca.us>, seelowe@well.sf.ca.us (Hudson H Luce) writes:

>  I suggest another name change:

>    Thomas Parsli .... to .... Vidkun Quisling

This is really uncalled for.

You cannot expect a European, growing up in a culture of "rulers" and 
"subjects," to immediately grasp the concepts of individual independence
and citizen sovereignity in the US.

He's less at fault than the countrymen we have here who also can't grasp it.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54683
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Once upon a time ...

In article <1993Apr23.184027.4401@swan.pyr>, cgwillme@pyr.swan.ac.uk (r b willmersdorf) writes:
> american and european universities were full of Angry Young People(tm)
> that wanted to overthrow the government, and wouldn't think twice
> about lobbing a molotov cocktail at the national guard (military police
> in Europe.)

> Certainly, it would have been very bad form to take anything
> the System(tm) said at face value.

> This was in the end of the sixties and the begining of the seventies,
> I'm told. I was too young to remember.

> Something wrong happened along the way, I'm afraid.  Maybe the west
> became just too comfortable, or maybe I was born too late :(

> Yours, disappointed with with the youth of today,

Isn't it ironic.  I'm of that generation, and I remember the lesson.  I
cry to see all the postings from domestic .edu sites that have naively
swallowed everything the government has seen fit to feed to them.
Especially contrasted to such a post from the .uk yet.

>     2) There *is* a difference between lining up 90 people against the
>        wall and executing them, and causing their deaths through negligence/
>        imcompetence.  I honestly hope we witnessed the latter.  As they say,
>        the alternative is too horrible to contemplate.

I suspect we saw the latter.  However, the injustice implied in letting
those involved escape without investigation and/or prosecution is also
horrible to contemplate.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54684
From: mjp@watson.ibm.com (Michael Phelps)
Subject: Re: Need Senate Bill numbers and House Resolution numbers


Try the firearms archive.  Larry Cipriani's instructions follow.  By
the way, thanks for the archive Larry..

This year is the 103rd congress directory.

----------------------------
From
watson!yktnews.watson.ibm.com!newsgate.watson.ibm.com!news.ans.net!howland.r
reston.ans.net!bogus.sura.net!darwin.sura.net!dtix.dt.navy.mil!mimsy!cbvox1.
.att.com!lvc Thu Apr  8 19:41:01 1993
Article: 40039 of talk.politics.guns
Path:
watson!yktnews.watson.ibm.com!newsgate.watson.ibm.com!news.ans.net!howland.r
reston.ans.net!bogus.sura.net!darwin.sura.net!dtix.dt.navy.mil!mimsy!cbvox1.
.att.com!lvc
From: lvc@cbvox1.att.com
Newsgroups: talk.politics.guns
Subject: Information about the anonymous ftp RKBA archive
Message-ID: <1993Apr8.182924.7274@cbnews.cb.att.com>
Date: 8 Apr 93 22:50:09 GMT
Sender: magnum@mimsy.umd.edu
Organization: Ideology Busters, Inc.
Lines: 1795

This is the INDEX file for the anonymous ftp RKBA archive.
The archive site has been moved and is now at:

	godiva.nectar.cs.cmu.edu
	
in the directory

	/usr0/anon/pub/firearms/politics/rkba

This archive is accessible only via anonymous ftp; instructions for
anonymous ftp are at the end of this file.

An email server is available at another site, and as a result is
not completely in sync with this archive.  To get the index for
the rkba email-server send:

	get rkba index

as the body of a message to listserv@mainstream.com

For help send:

	help

If you have any additions or suggestions for improvement to the
RKBA archive please let me know.
--
Larry Cipriani, att!cbvox1!lvc or l.v.cipriani@att.com

----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: rkba82

Report of the Subcommittee on the Constitution of the Committee on
the Judiciary, United States Senate, Ninety-seventh Congress, Second
Session, February, 1982
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HCR11

House Concurrent Resolution 11 by Mr. Crane, January 3, 1991

Expressing the sense of the Congress with respect to the right of all
Americans to keep and bear arms in defense of life or liberty and in
pursuit of all other legitimate endeavors.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HJR438

House Joint Resolution 438 by Mr. Major Owens, March 11, 1992

Proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States
repealing the Second Amendment to the Constitution; includes comments
by Owens entered into the Congressional Record.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR1133

House Bill 1133 by Mr. Goodling, February 27, 1991

To amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit transfer of firearm to,
or possession of a firearm by, a person convicted of a drug crime, and to
provide enhanced penalties for possession of a firearm during a drug crime.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR1354

House Bill 1354 by Mr. Scheuer, March 7, 1991

To end the use of steel jaw leghold traps on animals in the United States.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR1412

House Bill 1412 by Mr. Staggers, March 13, 1991

To amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the establishment
of a national hotline which a Federal Firearms licensee may contact to
learn if receipt of a handgun by a prospective transferee is prohibited,
and to require such a licensee to contact the hotline before the transfer
of a handgun to a nonlicensee.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR1559

House Bill 1559 by Mr. Gibbons, March 21, 1991

To prohibit the importation of semiautomatic assault weapons, large
capacity ammunition feeding devices, and certain accessories.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR1770

House Bill 1770 by Mr. Smith of Florida, April 15, 1991

To amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit certain handguns
which are unsuitable for lawful sporting purposes.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR19

House Bill 19 by Mr. Hughes January 3, 1991

To prohibit the possession, transfer, and certain exports of restricted
weapons, the manufacture of firearms capable of accepting a silencer or
bayonet without alteration, and the possession and transfer of large
capacity ammunition feeding devices, and for other purposes.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR282

House Bill 282 by Mrs. Collins, January 3, 1991

To provide for the mandatory registration of handguns.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR2922

House Bill 2922 by Mr. Cardin, July 17, 1991

To amend the Public Health Service Act to establish an entitlement of
States
and certain political subdivisions of States to receive grants for the
abatement of health hazards associated with lead-based paint, and to amend
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to impose an excise tax and establish a
trust fund to satisfy the Federal obligations arising from such
entitlement.

[This bill would impose upto a $0.75/pound tax on all new lead, and
$0.37/pound tax on recycled lead.]
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR318

House Bill 318 by Mr. Dornan, January 3, 1991

To amend the Animal Welfare Act to prohibit dog racing and dog training
involving the use of live animals as visual lure and to make such Act
applicable to facilities that are used for dog racing or dog race training.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR3371

House Bill 3371
			
"The Violent Crime Prevention Act of 1991"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR371

House Bill 371 by Mr. Marlenee, January 3, 1991

To protect persons engaged in a lawful hunt within a national forest;
establishing an administrative civil remedy against individuals or groups
intentionally obstructing, impeding, or interfering with the conduct of a
lawful hunt; and for other purposes.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/101st/HR4079

House Bill 4079 by Mr. Gingrich, February 22, 1990

To provide swift and certain punishment for criminals in order
to deter violent crime and rid America of illegal drug use.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR436

House Bill 436 by Mr. Weiss, January 3, 1991

To prohibit the manufacture, transfer, or importation of .25 caliber
and .32 caliber ammunition.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR465

House Bill 465 by Mr. Rangel, January 7, 1991

To prohibit certain exports of fully automatic or semiautomatic
assault weapons.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR4897

House Bill 4897 by Mr. Cunningham, April 9, 1992

To amend title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968
to deny grant funds to States unless law enforcement officers are permitted
to carry concealed firearms.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR5633

House Bill 5633 by Mr. Schumer, July 21, 1992

To amend title 18, United States Code, to expand the scope of the multiple
firearms sales reporting requirement, and to require that persons comply
with State and local firearms licensing laws before receiving a Federal
license to deal in firearms.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR5807

House Bill 5807 by Mr. Schumer, August 10, 1992

To impose criminal penalties upon the failure of a Federal firearms
licensee to report to appropriate authorities the loss or theft of a
firearm from the inventory or collection of the licensee.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR7

House Bill 7 by Mr. Feighan

To require a waiting period before the purchase of a handgun;
also known as "The Brady Bill"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/HR750

House Bill 750 by Mr. Russo, January 30, 1991

To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 to provide that the excise tax
on handguns will be transferred to a trust fund to be used for purposes of
providing compensation to victims of crime, and for other purposes.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S214

Senate Bill 214 by Mr. Hatch, January 15, 1991

To provide procedures for calling Federal constitutional 
conventions under article V for the purpose of proposing 
amendments to the United States Constitution.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S2304

Senate Bill 2304 by Mr. Lautenberg, March 3, 1992

To amend title 18, United States Code, to permanently prohibit the
possession of firearms by persons who have been convicted of a violent
felony, and for other purposes.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S257

Senate Bill 257

To require a waiting period before the purchase of a handgun.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S2813

Senate Bill 2813 by Mr. Gore, June 4, 1992

To establish in the Government Printing Office an electronic
gateway to provide public access to a wide range of Federal
databases containing public information stored electronically.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S2913

Senate Bill 2913 by Mr. Chafee, June 30 1992

To prohibit the manufacture, importation, exportation, sale,
purchase, transfer, receipt, possession, or transportation of
handguns and ammunition, with certain exceptions.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S3282

Senate Bill 3282 by Mr. Mitchell, September 28 1992

To amend title 18, United States Code, to require a waiting period
before the purchase of a handgun.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/101st/S386

Senate Bill 386 by Mr. Metzenbaum, February 8, 1989

To control the sale and use of assault weapons.                
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S51

Senate Bill 51 by Mr. Moynihan, January 14, 1991

To prohibit the manufacture, transfer, or importation of .25 caliber
and .32 caliber and 9 millimeter ammunition.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S634

Senate Bill 634 by Mr. Symms, March 13, 1991

To amend chapter 44, title 18, United States Code, to provide clarification
of limitations on controls of firearms, and to prohibit the use of Federal
funds to political subdivisions which implement certain gun control ordi-
nances.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/101st/S747

Senate Bill 747 by Mr. DeConcini,

To amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, regarding
assault weapons.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S789

Senate Bill 789, by Mr. Moynihan, April 9, 1991

To prohibit the importation of semiautomatic assault weapons, large
capacity ammunition feeding devices, and certain accessories.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S892

Senate Bill 892, By Mr. Metzenbaum, April 23, 1991

To amend title 15, United States Code, to authorize the Consumer Product
Safety Commission to regulate the risk of injury associated with firearms.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/102nd/S918

Senate Bill 918, by Mr. Packwood, April 24, 1991

The amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt small manufacturers,
producers, and importers from the firearms excise tax.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/HCR3

House Concurrent Resolution 3, by Mr. Crane, January 5, 1993
Expressing the sense of the Congress with respect to the right of all
Americans to keep and bear arms in defense of life or liberty and in the
pursuit of all other legitimate endeavors.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/HJR81

House Joint Resolution, by Mr. Owens, January 27, 1993
Proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States
repealing the Second Amendment to the Constitution.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/HR277

House Bill 277, by Mr. Mazolli, January 5, 1993 

To amend title 18, United States Code, to require a waiting period 
before the purchase of a handgun. 
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/HR544

House Bill 544, by Mr. Torricelli, January 21, 1993

To amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the transfer of 2 or
more handguns to an individual in any 30-day period.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/HR661

House Bill 661, by Mrs. Collins, January 27, 1993

To provide for the manufacturer, importer, or dealer of a handgun or an
assault weapon to be held strictly liable for damages that result from the
use of the handgun or assault weapon.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/HR737

House Bill 737, by Mr. REYNOLDS, February 2, 1993

To provide for the manufacturer or importer of a handgun or an assault
weapon to be held strictly liable for damages that result from the use
of the handgun or assault weapon, and to amend the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986 to increase the excise tax on firearms and use a portion
of the revenues from such tax to assist hospitals in urban areas to
provide medical care to gunshot victims who are not covered under any
health
plan.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/HR1025

House Bill 1025, by Mr. Schumer, February 22, 1993

To provide for a waiting period before the purchase of a hadgun,
and for the establishment of a national instant criminal
background check system to be contacted by firearms dealers
before the transfer of any firearm.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/S108

Senate Bill 108, by Mr. Moynihan, January 21, 1993

To prohibit the importation of semiautomatic assault weapons, large
capacity ammunition feeding devices, and certain accessories.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/S109

Senate Bill 109, by Mr. Moynihan, January 21, 1993

To amend section 923 of title 18, United States Code, to require the
keeping
of records with respect to dispositions of ammunition, and to require a
study
of the use and possible regulation of sales of ammunition.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/S178

Senate Bill 178, by Mr. Moynihan, January 21, 1993

To amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the
manufacture, transfer, or importation of .25 caliber and .32 caliber
and 9 millimeter ammunition.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/S179

Senate Bill 179, by Mr. Moynihan, January 21, 1993

To tax 9 millimeter, .25 caliber, and .32 caliber bullets.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/S376

Senate Bill 376, by Mr. Lautenberg, February 16, 1993

To prohibit the transfer of 2 or more handguns to an individual in any
30-day period.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress/103rd/S414

Senate Bill 414, by Mr. Metzenbaum, February 24, 1993 

To amend title 18, United States Code, to require a waiting period
before the purchase of a handgun. 
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: gun-free-zones

Text of the GUN FREE SCHOOL ZONES ACT OF 1990 from PUBLIC LAW 101-647
NOV. 29, 1990
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: aclu

A collection of articles on the ACLU's position on gun control.
Included is ACLU Policy Statement #47 which gives the ACLU interpretation
of the Second Amendment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: dcm-info

A collection of articles explaining the Civilian Marksmanship Program.
In other words, "Why does the United States Department of Defense sell
battle rifles to civilians ? "
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: dial911

"Dial 911 and Die!"  By Aaron Zelman and Jay Simkin of Jews for the
Preservation of Firearms Ownership (JPFO)
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: fija-info

The Fully Informed Jury Amendment, and what it means to gun owners
and the right to keep and bear arms.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: whitemanslaw

White Man's Law by William R. Tonso, from the December 1985
Reason magazine
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: jefferson

The First Inaugural Address of Thomas Jefferson, 2nd president of the
United States.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: jewishistory

Jewish History Rufutes Gun Control Activists, by Elliot Rothenberg
from the February 1988 *American Rifleman*.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: law-abiding

The Law-Abiding Gun Owner as Domestic and Acquaintance Murderer
from "Guns, Murders, and the Constitution: A Realistic Assessment of
Gun Control," by Don B. Kates, February, 1990, pp.45-49.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: second-ideology

"The Second Amendment and the Ideology of Self-Protection" by
Don B. Kates, Jr.  Reprinted from CONSTITUTIONAL COMMENTARY,
Vol. 9. No. 1. Winter 1992, (c) 1992 by Constitutional Commentary,

Kates puts the Second Amendment and philosophies of self-protection
into a historical perspective
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: new-understa

Toward a New Understanding of the Second Amendment, by David T. Hardy
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: to-bear-arms

"To Bear Arms for Self Defense: Our Second Amendment Heritage" by
Stephen P. Halbrook.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: no-treason

No Treason, The Constitution of No Authority by Lysander Spooner
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: resistance

Excerpts from the study "Crime Control Through the Use of Armed Force",
by Associate Professor Dr. Gary Kleck, Florida State University School
of Criminology, published in the February 1988 issue of SOCIAL PROBLEMS.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: waitper-qna

Waiting Period -- Questions and Answers by Handgun Control, Inc. (HCI)
and Citizens for Safe Government (CSG)
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: warsaw

"The Warsaw Ghetto; 10 Handguns Against Tyranny",
by Dr. David I Caplan from February, 1988 American Rifleman.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: wethepeople

Supreme Court interpretations of the Second Amendment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: sc-ftp

How to retreive Supreme Court decisions via anonymous ftp.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: alternative-policy

ALTERNATIVE POLICY FUTURES by Franklin E. Zimring
from THE ANNALS OF THE AMERICAN ACADEMY OF POLITICAL AND SOCIAL SCIENCE.
Volume 455, May 1981; published by The American Academy of Political
and Social Science; 1981.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: embarassing.2nd.amendment

The Embarassing Second Amendment by Sanford Levinson, Yale Law Journal
Volume 99, pp 637-659 (1989)
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nra800

Phone numbers for the NRA, many are toll-free 800 numbers
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nradrugs

A collection of articles on the NRA's position on the War on Drugs.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: fl-aw-part1

Florida A.W. Commission - Exec Summary Part 1,
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: fl-aw-part2

Florida A.W. Commission - Exec Summary Part 2,
STOCKTON -- THE FACTS  by Martin L. Fackler, MD
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: iwba

Information about the International Wound Ballistics Association,
Martin Fackler, president
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: gunshyjudges

Gun-Shy Judges by Jacob Sullum, from the May 1991 issue of Reason Magazine
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: heatofmoment

In the Heat of the Moment, By James D. Wright
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: racist-soil

Article "Gun Control Sprouts from Racist Soil." by Roy Innis,
from the Wall Street Journal 11/21/91
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: core-policy

"Bearing Arms for Self-Defense -- A Human and Civil Right" by
Roy Innis, National Chairman, Congress of Racial Equality (CORE)
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: righttobear

The Right to Bear Arms By Sanford Levinson from the
Daily News, Ft Walton Beach, FL.  (1991)
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: rock-island

United States of America v. Rock Island Armory, US District Court for
the Central District of IL; the court ruled that making a post '86
machine gun is not illegal -- believe it or not.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: dalton

United States of America v. John William Dalton, US Court of Appeals,
Tenth Circuit, 91-1149; the court ruled that owning or transferring
a post '86 machine gun is not punishable under the NFA -- believe it
or not.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: waitdanger

Why Gun Waiting Periods Threaten Public Safety By David B. Kopel,
March 25, 1991
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: aw-qna

Assault Weapon Questions & Answers
by Handgun Control, Inc. and Citizens for Safe Government (CSG)
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ccw-survey

A state by state survey of Carrying Concealed Weapons laws.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: us-vs-miller

United States vs. Miller et al., Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Western District of Arkansas.

Argued March 30, 1939 -- Decided May 15, 1939
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: presser

The history of Presser v Illinois is a fascinating exercise of how
politically based decisions on our Constitutional rights have come back
to haunt us.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: cia-ncbh

A column by Neal Knox presenting evidence that former CIA agent
Edwin O. Welles played a major role in founding HCI and NCBH.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: conphone

A list of voice and fax phone number for representatives and senators.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: billofrights

The first 10 articles of amendment to the United States Constitution.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: constitution

The Constitution of the United States of America
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: decl-of-indp

The Declaration of Independence
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: dont-wait

"Criminals Don't Wait -- Why Should You ?" from the NRA.  Exposes the
fraudulent arguments made for waiting periods.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: external

Positive Externalities of Gun Ownership, by John Kell, from
"The Freeman: Ideas on Liberty, October 1991 "
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: english-hist

Firearms Legislation in Great Britain, by Jan A. Stevenson
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: simkin

"Control Criminals, Not Guns" by Jay Edward Simkin found in the
March, 25 1991 [or '92?] Wall Street Journal:
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: unabridged

The Unabridged Second Amendment, by J. Neil Schulman

An interview with Roy Copperud, retired professor of journalism at
USC and author of "American Usage and Style: The Consensus".  Copperud
offers his professional opinion on the meaning of the Second Amendment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: uzitruth

A letter from J. Harper Wilson, Director FBI Uniform Crime Reporting
Program to Paul H. Blackman, Research Coordinator of the NRA stating
that only one police officer, of Puerto Rico, was shot and killed with
a semi-automatic 9mm Model A Uzi.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: maketheirday

"How to Make Their Day" by Don B. Kates Jr. and Patricia Terrell Harris
in the National Review, October 21, 1991

Kates and Harris debunk several myths about firearms, criminals, and
violence.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: two-myths

Two myths of gun control from "Point Blank: Guns and Violence in
America" by Gary Kleck.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: aw-not-problem

"Assault Weapons Aren't the Problem", by Gary Kleck, published in
The New York Times Tuesday, September 1, 1992
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: oregon-study

1990 Oregon Study of Retail Firearm Sales and CHL Licensing
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: children

Fighting for Children's Hearts and Minds by Robert Pew, American
Rifleman - April 1992

Discusses how HCI and it's Center to Prevent Handgun Violence
have set out to use public schools as forums for their anti-gun
propaganda.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: gunssputter

"Guns and Sputter" by James D. Wright, from July 1989 issue of REASON.
Wright exposes the flaws in the New England Journal of Medicine study
comparing the homicide rates of Seattle and Vancouver.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nejm-info

A collection of articles and information on the New England Journal of
Medicine Vancouver/Seattle handgun crime comparison study.

See also the file gunssputter, authored by James Wright.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: dcstudy.1

The New England Journal of Medicine. 1991 Dec 5. 325 (23).
pp 1647-1650.
Editorials: Firearms And The Killing Threshold.
Kassirer-Jerome-P.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: dcstudy.2

The New England Journal of Medicine. 1991 Dec 5. 325 (23).
pp 1615-1620.
Special Article: Effects Of Restrictive Licensing Of
Handguns On Homicide And Suicide In The District Of Columbia.
Loftin-Colin.  McDowall-David.  Wiersema-Brian.  Cottey-Talbert-J.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nejm-editorial

The New England Journal of Medicine. 1988 Nov 10. 319 (19).
pp 1283-1285.
Editorial: Firearm Injuries: A Call For Science.
Mercy-James-A. Houk-Vernon-N.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nejm-letters

The New England Journal of Medicine. 1989 May 4. 320 (18).
pp 1214-1217.
Correspondence: Handgun Regulations, Crime, Assaults, And
Homicide: A Tale Of Two Cities.
Blackman-Paul-H. Hagen-Tim.  Morris-David-C.
Stolinsky-David-C. Tirer-Samuel.  Gryder-John-W.
Kuziak-John-D. Sloan-John-H. Kellerman-Arthur-L-Kellermann.
Rivara-Fred-P. Koepsell-Thomas.  Reay-Donald-T.
LoGerfo-James-P. Rice-Charles.  Ferris-James-A. Gray-Laurel-
A. Mercy-James-A. Houk-Vernon-N.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: suicide.1

The New England Journal of Medicine. 1990 Feb 8. 322 (6).
pp 369-373.
Special Article: Firearm Regulations And Rates Of Suicide:
A Comparison of Two Metropolitan Areas.
Sloan-John-Henry.  Rivara-Frederick-P. Reay-Donald-T.
Ferris-James-A-J. Kellermann-Arthur-L.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: suicide.2

The New England Journal of Medicine. 1990 Jul 12. 323 (2).
p 137.
Correspondence: Firearm Regulations and Rates of Suicide.
Blackman-Paul-H. Sloan-John-Henry.  Rivara-Frederick-P.
Kellermann-Arthur.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: totc

The New England Journal of Medicine. 1988 Nov 10. 319 (19).
pp 1256-1262.
Special Article: Handgun Regulations, Crime, Assaults, And
Homicide: A Tale of Two Cities.
Sloan-John-Henry.  Kellermann-Arthur-L. Reay-Donald-T.
Ferris-James-A. Koepsell-Thomas.  Rivara-Frederick-P.
Rice-Charles.  Gray-Laurel.  LoGerfo-James.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nra.cdc

An open letter from Paul H. Blackman, of NRA to the Director, Office
of Scientific Integrity Review, U.S. Public Health Service, detailing
why they should evaluate the integrity and competency of firearms research
conducted by and for the Centers for Disease Control (CDC).
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.000

What the RKBA.nnn files are all about.

The RKBA.nnn series are set of small (60-100 lines typically) postings
that address common questions and myths about all aspects of firearms.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.001

Accidental deaths by firearms and by other means.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
FILE: RKBA.002

Declining trend of accidental deaths by firearms
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.003

Homicide per capita in the US
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.004

Children and firearms
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.008

Annual firearm manufacture in the United States
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.010

Declaration of Independence
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.013

Trend in weapons use for robberies (1974-86)
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.014

Reasons for homicide and non-negligent manslaughter
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.015

Are firearms a leading cause of death of children?
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.016

Is the United States the most violent nation?
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: RKBA.999

Complete list of all sources used for the RKBA.nnn series.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: cox-study

Analysis of the Cox Atlanta Journal Constitution, 21 May 1989 article
on Assault Weapons, by James J. Baker of NRA-ILA, before the Select
Committee on Narcotics Abuse and Control, U.S. House of Representatives.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: feder11.txt

The Federalist Papers, as transcribed by Project Gutenberg 1.1
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: great-quotes

Thomas Jefferson quotes and more ...
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: civilian

Civilian Possession of Military Firearms, by Richard A. I. Munday,
from the January/February 1988 issue of the UK Handgunner.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: good-go-bad

"When Good, Law-Abiding Citizens Go Bad", from UK Handgunner No. 46
Jan-Feb 1989.  Discusses how the rate of compliance of gun control
laws is always very low, even among otherwise law abiding citizens.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: tory-national-socialism


"Tory National Socialism", by Richard A.I. Munday, UK Handgunner,
Jul-Aug 86.  Discusses the gun control leanings of socialists of
the right.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: the-big-lie

" Gun Grabbers vs. Assault Rifles: The Big Lie" by Neal Knox,

Semi-auto military-styled "assault" rifles are not now nor have they
ever been a threat to society. These facts have been determined by
the government - but never released to the public!
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ff-47

"The Founding Fathers and the AK-47", by Sue Wimmershoff-Caplan
Discuss the question if the Founding Fathers would have approved of
the AK-47 for civilian ownership.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hcikkk

"Handgun Control, Inc., & the KKK" by David Kopel, from the Oct 91
issue of Gun World magazine.  Discusses the parallels in the hate
campaigns of the Ku Klux Klan and Handgun Control, Inc.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: rkba-orgs

A list of organizations devoted to the preservation of the Second
Amendment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: victoria

"The Gun Law Handbook" for the state of Victoria, Australia (Oct 1988).
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nra-purposes

A summary of the NRA's purposes and objectives, and positions on some
gun control issues.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ktw

A collection of articles relating to teflon coated, armor piercing
bullets.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: thompsoncenter

The Supreme Court decision in the case:

United States of America v. Thompson/Center Arms Co.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: DMN_Gratia_CCP

"Concealed weapons can prevent tragedies like Killeen's" by
Dr. Suzanna Gratia in the Dallas Morning News, Sunday April
29th, 1992
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: Knox_AW_lies

Neal Knox on how military style semi-auto's are not a threat
to public safety, how they are not fundamentally different
than ordinary hunting weapons, and how the gun grabbers are
exploiting the bad image this class of weapons has to enact
further gun control.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: WSJ_Crimestrik

"The NRA Mounts a Militant Campaign Taking Aim at Criminal-Justice
System" by Alix M. Freedman staff reporter of The Wall Street Journal.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: med-media

"Gun Prohibition in the Medical Literature - Telling the Truth?" by
Edgar A. Suter, MD ; discusses anti-gun bias in medical journals.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: toy-guns

"Court Psychologist Says Toy Guns Are Good For Children" from Gun Week,
1989. 

Glen David Skoler, court psychologist for the Arlington County, VA,
claims "toys of violence" -- including toy guns are, in fact, good
for children.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: awca89-appeal

Text of the 9th Circuit court of Appeals in the Fresno Rifle and Pistol
Club challenge to California's Roberti-Roos Assault Weapon Control Act
of 1989.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: lp92-rkba

The right to keep and bear arms plank of the 1992 National Platform of
the Libertarian Party.

And a reproduction of the Libertarian Party brochure
"Responsible Gun Ownership: Equal Rights for America's Gun Owners"

The entire 1992 National Platform of the LP is available via anonymous
ftp on think.com in the file /pub/libernet/LP/libertarian-platform-1992
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: let-july91

An article from the July/August 1991 issue of Law Enforcement Technology
with a survey of police officers on their views of gun control.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nacp-poll

A study conducted by the National Association of the Chiefs of
Police (NACP) through its American Law Enforcement Survey for 1989,
in which 16,259 chiefs of police, sheriffs and law-enforcement command
personnel were polled with a list of 30 questions, it was determined
the overwhelming majority of officers support the right of private
arms ownership, and agreed that gun bans had little effect on crime.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hci-advert

A example of the propaganda used by HCI in soliciting contributions.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hci-transcript

A transcription of the HCI video tape "America Needs a National
Handgun Control Policy"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: gartner

Michael Gartner, president of NBC News, calls for a ban on handguns
in this USA TODAY Thursday January 16th 1992 editorial.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nra-lp

A resolution passed by the voting membership of the NRA at its national
convention in Anaheim, CA stating the NRA will support third party
candidates.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: cooley

Thomas M. Cooley, LL.D., General Principles of Constitutional Law in
the United States of America, 298-299 (3rd ed. 1898), a leading 
constitutional commentator discussed the rights protected by the Second
Amendment:
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: kilpatrick

"Gun Law Might Curb Rising Murder Rate" by James Kilpatrick, St. Louis
Post-Dispatch Tuesday June 23, 1992.  Kilpatrick expresses support for
a national firearms law as proposed by C. Everett Koop, that is, a
requirement that gun owners pass a competency test, among other things.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: vanity-fair

A summary of the 10 page article on Jim and Sarah Brady which appeared
in the January '91 issue of Vanity Fair Magazine.

Question: "Was it true you wanted to get a gun to protect
	yourself against Hinckley?"

Answer Jim brady: "I had a gun"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: goldwin

"Gun Control Is Constitutional," by Robert A. Goldwin from the
Wall Street Journal edtorial page, Thrusday, December 12, 1991
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: anniston

Two articles on a murder averted in Anniston, Alabama by a man
with a CCW permit.  The importance of this event is that it closely
followed the murders by Hennard in Texas, but the media did not
cover Anniston.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: staggers-brady

A survey of public support for the Staggers Instant Background
Check and the Brady Waiting Period.  The basic finding is that
once the public understands the advantages of the instant background
check vs. the problems with the Brady waiting period support for
the Brady waiting period diminishes greatly.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: brady-vote

How Congress voted on the Staggers Instant Background Check and
the Brady Waiting period.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: vs-vote

How Congress voted on the Volkmer-Sensenbrenner Amendment to
strike the new gun control sections from the administration
crime bill.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: dc-vote

How the U.S. Senate voted on S. 2113, the repeal of the District
of Columbia's anti-gun strict liability law.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: covey

"Gun Control: Trying the Facts,  Weighing the Values" A monograph based
on "Crime, Inequality, Guns, & Equity" by Preston K. Covey, Ph.D.,
Director Center for the Advancement of Applied Ethics, Carnegie Mellon
University.

Addresses the desirability of gun bans: ethical aspects, equity issues,
and other values at stake in the management of mortal risks, deadly
force and its instruments.  
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: assays-of-bias

"Assays of Bias on the Second Amendment: The Media Elite" by
Preston K. Covey, Director Center for the Advancement of Applied
Ethics [excerpts from a longer monograph]
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: cleveland

A critique of:

ACCIDENTAL FIREARM FATALITIES IN A METROPOLITAN COUNTY (1958-1973)
Rushforth, Hirsch, Ford, and Adelson
American Journal of Epidemiology #100, 1974, pp. 499-505.


This is THE study that lies at the heart of the gun control
claim that owning a firearm for self-defense is too dangerous.
The claims that a defensive gun is X (=6 in this study)
times more likely to be used against an innocent person than
in lawful self-defense originated with this report in 1974.

by Robert I. Kesten
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: tiananmen-lessons

"LESSONS FROM TIANANMEN SQUARE" by Neal Knox reprinted from
Guns & Ammo, September 1989

Why the Second Amendment is so important, even in todays more
"progressive" era.  Included is a description of the 1932
Bonus March in Washington, DC in which Gen. Douglas MacArthur
opposed unemployed WWI veterans lobbying for the government to
immediately pay their promised Veteran's Bonus.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: forward-trace

"California FFL Dealer Defies "Forward Trace"" by Neal Talbot in
The New Gun Week, March 1, 1991.

Details how the BATF bullies FFL holders into giving BATF copies
of 4473's in violation of federal law.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: justice-stats

"Handgun Crime Victims", by Michael R. Rand, Bureau of Justice Statistics
Statistician, U.S. Department of Justice.

This Bureau of Justice Statistics Special Report describes the key findings
from an analysis of handgun crimes reported in the National Crime Survey
for 1979-87.  It describes the victims of hand-gun [sic] crime, how the
handgun was used during the crime, and the nature and extent of handgun
crime injury.  It also provides information on handgun offenders, the
location of handgun crimes, and whether the crime was reported to the
police.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: chafee

Included are:

1) Transcript of press conference with Senator John Chafee, and former
Supreme Court justice Warren Burger on S. 2913, Chafee's, handgun ban.
Also speaking was Vernon Jordan, former member of the Jimmy Carter
White House; Mayor Sharon Pratt Kelly; Michael Beard of National
Coalition to Stop Gun Violence; Michael Casserly (executive director,
Council of the Great City Schools); Dr. Carden Johnston representing
the American Academy of Pediatrics;

2) An article by Neal Knox in which he describes how Sarah Brady kicked
out HCI president Charles Orasin because of a disagreement on Chafee's
handgun ban.

3) An article on Burger's support for S. 2913.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: alarmist-view

"Gun Registration: An 'Alarmist' View" by Jon vanWormer; reprinted
from the December 1985 Guns & Ammo.  How an rkba moderate became a
radical.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: fackler-papers

A list of articles by "Col. Martin L. Fackler, M.D., F.A.C.S."
Wound Ballistics Lab, and where to write for copies of them.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: gun-war

"THE GREAT AMERICAN GUN WAR" by Barry Bruce-Briggs,
_The_Public_Interest_  No. 45, Fall 1976, pp 37-62
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: george-will

"Repeal Second Amendment and Save Lives", by George Will
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: reeves

"Drastic Steps to End the War at Home" by Richard Reeves, no date
nor publication available; placed in rkba archive 9/2/92

"Studies _Prove_ Gun Control Works" by Richard Reeves, from the
Kansas City Star, 9/28/92.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: canada-ban-list

A reproduction of a brochure from the Canadian Department of Justice
listing newly prohibited and restricted firearms (as of June 1992).

Also included is the "point system" used to determine if a firearm
should be reviewed for possible banning.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: copkiller

Lyrics to the rock song "Cop Killer" by Ice-T on the album Body Count.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: cva.1

A letter from the California Voters Alliance, asking for support in
their effort to defeat anti-gun California Assemblyman Terry Friedman,
co-author of California's waiting period law for rifles and shotguns. 
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: astrology

"CRIMINOLOGY'S ASTROLOGY: The CDC Approach to Public Health Research
on Firearms and Violence" by PAUL H. BLACKMAN, Ph.D., Institute for
Legislative Action, National Rifle Association, 1990

A paper presented at the annual meetings of the American Society of
Criminology, Baltimore, Maryland, November 7-10
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: aw-panic

The Assault Weapon Panic: "Political Correctness" Takes Aim,
at the Constitution, by Eric Morgan and David Kopel

Published by The Independence Institute, October 10, 1991
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: state-rkba

A collection of RKBA provisions from State constitutions.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: too-late

Chapter 13 "But then it was too Late" of "THEY THOUGHT THEY WERE
FREE: The Germans, 1933 - 1945", by: Milton Mayer, University of
Chicago Press
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: militia-code

The legal definition of the militia of the United States of America
taken from:

United Stated Code (USC), TITLE 10, Section 311 and Section 312.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: legal-mg-crime

Report No. 32 of the Firearms Coalition of Silver Spring, MD. 11/29/89
by Neal Knox.  Knox reports that a legally registered machine gun was
used in a drug hit.  Subsequent reports said charges were dropped for
lack of evidence.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hci-cash

HCI donation records to US Senators and Congressmen.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: paulreverenet

Information about the "Paul Revere Net", a network of 2nd Amendment
Bulletin Boards

The Paul Revere Network (PRN) is a coast-to-coast network of
committed grass-roots gun rights activists who rely upon computer
bulletin board systems for their primary mode of communication.
Leroy Pyle (NRA Director and 27-year San Jose police veteran)
is Founder and Director of the PRN.  Based in San Jose, CA,
Pyle's BBS (1:143/223) currently hubs all network message
traffic.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: gun-talk

Information about the NRA-ILA Bulletin Board "Gun Talk"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congressgrades

A grading of congressmen based their votes on 1) the Brady Bill
(HR7), 2) Staggers (HR1412) and 3) the Volkmer-Sensenbrenner amendment
to strike the anti-gun provisions from the house crime bill (HR3371).
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: lawmaster

"FEDS TRASH LAW-ABIDING GUN OWNER'S HOME", NRA official journal March
1992, by Richard E. Gardiner.  Details how the BATF raided the home of
Johnny Lawmaster in search of a non-existent unregistered M-16 auto-sear.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: point-blank

The concluding chapter to "Point Blank" by Gary Kleck.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: purdy-rapsheet

Patrick Purdy's criminal record.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: progundocs

Statement of purpose and contact information for "Doctors for Integrity
in Research & Public Policy"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: orlando

A summary of the effects of the highly publicized Orlando training
program in which over 6000 women were trained in basic pistol
marksmanship and the law of self-defense.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: form4signoff

A letter from Wayne Miller, Chief National Firearms Act Branch of
BATF stating that local law enforcement signoff on the ATF Form 4,
application for Taxpaid Transfer and Registration of Firearm [i.e.,
machine gun], is completely discretionary.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: badlands.txt

New Zealand Firearms Control by Robert Badlands.

A paper presented at a conference on Gun Control held at Melbourne
University-Union Theatre 27-28 August 1988.  The conference was
sponsored by the Sporting Shooters' Association of Australia.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: danto.txt

Issues Regarding Gun Control in America by Bruce L. Danto

A paper was presented at a conference on Gun Control held at Melbourne
University-Union Theatre 27-28 August 1988.  The conference was
sponsored by the Sporting Shooters' Association of Australia.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: fine.txt

Impediments to the Purposeful Reform of (Australian) Firearms Laws by J. D.
Fine

A paper presented at a conference on Gun Control held at Melbourne
University-Union Theatre 27-28 August 1988.  The conference was
sponsored by the Sporting Shooters' Association of Australia.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: greenwd.txt

Untitled paper by Colin Greenwood

A paper presented at a conference on Gun Control held at Melbourne
University-Union Theatre 27-28 August 1988.  The conference was
sponsored by the Sporting Shooters' Association of Australia.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: kates.txt

Gun Control: Recent Research on the American Experience by Don B. Kates,
Jr.

A paper presented at a conference on Gun Control held at Melbourne
University-Union Theatre 27-28 August 1988.  The conference was
sponsored by the Sporting Shooters' Association of Australia.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: marsden.txt

Gun Control: A Banker's Perspective, by ??? Marsden

A paper presented at a conference on Gun Control held at Melbourne
University-Union Theatre 27-28 August 1988.  The conference was
sponsored by the Sporting Shooters' Association of Australia.

Note, this paper is almost impossible to read currently as the original
would not scan well.  A more readable copy will be supplied later.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: backdoor

Back Door Gun Control by Peter Alan Kasler from the January 1993
issue of American Survival Guide magazine.

Kasler discusses four examples of innocent people whose firearms
are confiscated, and/or charged with a crime when none was committed,
as examples of how gun control is implemented in the real world.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: armed-citizen

"The Armed Citizen" feature from "The American Rifleman" and "The
American Hunter"; these stories show how firearms are indeed useful
for self-defense.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: botsford

The Case Against Gun Control by David Botsford
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: academia-bias

"Fighting Anti-Gun Bias in Academia -- an article downloaded from the
NRA-ILA BBS "Gun Talk"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: story-of-gun

"The Story of a Gun" by Erik Larson, from "The Atlantic", January 1993.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hcr**

Reports to the Firearms Coalition, by Neal Knox.

All these files are named hcr then two numbers, e.g., hcr51 for
"Report No. 51 to the Firearms Coalition"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: whose.txt

"Whose Side Are They On ?"

"Freedom From War: The United States Program For General and Complete
Disarmament in a Peaceful World." an official publication of the United
States of America government.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nccfa

Contact information for the "National Collegiate Coalition for Firearms
Awareness"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: canada

Some facts about Canadian gun control laws, gun ownership and violent
crime.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: time-letter

Time magazine's form letter response to criticism of their
"Death By Gun" issue.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: gun-in-school

"Health Objectives for the Nation: Weapon-Carrying Among High School
Students -- United States, 1990" edited by David Dodell, D.M.D.

Proposes ways to reduce carrying of firearms by high school students.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: congress-cover

"Congress Covers Itself But Not Public" by Paul Craig Roberts, printed
in the Cleveland Plain Dealer October 2nd, 1992.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hamper

"Restrictions hamper law abiding folks, not criminals." by
David B. Kopel, printed in the Columbus OH Dispatch, January 16th.

Points out how waiting periods can cause a great deal of harm.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: schumer-gripe

A "Washington Post" letter to the editor by Congessman Charles E. Schumer
discussing his bill, H.R. 5633, which requires law enforcement sign-off
on FFL applications.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: sof

A UPI article on a lawsuit against "Soldier of Fortune" which forced
them out of business.

This article is copyright by UPI, and archived with permission; please
respect the re-distribution prohibition.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: fl-stats

A summary of CCW permit statistics for the state of Florida, e.g.,
the number of permits issued, number revoked, number denied, etc.
This proves that people obtaining CCW permits are law abiding
citizens and are not wreckless with their firearms.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: knox-on-ruger

"Knox Replies To Comment From Ruger Counsel's" from
The New Gun Week, December 1, 1989.

Neal Knox discusses how Sturm, Ruger Inc. are willing to sacrifice the
RKBA for the benefit of their business.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: american-blacks

"Gun Control and American Blacks" by Raymond G. Kessler (pp. 476-478)

In the United States, the experience of blacks from slavery 
through the 1960's was one of the clearest and best-documented 
examples of the political functions of gun control.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nraction*

The NRA-ILAs little known newsletter "NRAction"; names will have the
month and year at the end, e.g., nraction0291.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: americamilitia

"America's Militia" by David B. Kopel, appeared in "Gun World" magazine
December 1992.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hci93agenda

The "Action Agenda for a National Gun Policy" by HCI.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hci-newsletter

The Handgun Control Semi-Annual Progress Report for December 1992.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hattoripetition

A petition written by the host family of Japanese exchange student
Yoshihiro Hattori, who was killed when he went to the wrong home for
a Halloween party:

"To protest the easy availability of firearms in the United States"

which will be presented to President Clinton.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hci-election

"What the Election Means for Our Gun Control Movement" by Sarah Brady.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: centerwall

University of Washington Pyschiatrist Dr. Brandon Centerwall writing
in the April 1989 American Journal of Epidemiology says that television 
exposure is related to half of the homicides in the United States.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: va-outrage

"An Outrage in Virginia" by Neal Knox.  Describes how BATF used a
Virginia gun dealer to general strawman sales and then later "traced"
those guns back to VA so they could claim 40% of guns they traced
came from VA.  When the dealer stopped cooperating they were convicted
of conducting strawman sales, one of the owners committed suicide.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: factcard93

The 1993 Firearms Fact Card published by the NRA-ILA
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: nejm43

A letter to the editor of the Wall Street Journal by Preston Covey
on the factoid "You are 43 times more likely to kill someone you know
with a gun than a criminal."
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: gifford

An op-ed piece by Dan Gifford which appeared in the March 8 1993 issue
of the Cleveland Plain Dealer; it discusses the issue of police abuses
and citizen self defense against such abuses.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: reynolds

An editorial "Gun Makers Must Pay the Price" by Mel Reynolds (D-IL),
member US House of Representatives, which appeared in the 02/15/93
issue of the Chicago Tribune.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: pozner

"Gun Control" with Vladamir Pozner (yes, the commie) and Phil Donahue
from a Feb. 25 1993 broadcast on CNBC.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: trustpeople

CATO Institute Policy Analysis No. 109, July 11, 1988
"TRUST THE PEOPLE: THE CASE AGAINST GUN CONTROL," by David B. Kopel
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: bitterprice

The British Shooter Pays A Bitter Price, by Keith G. N. Nicholson
from the American Rifleman, March 1993.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: batman

"Cartoon Campaign for Gun Control" from the March 8th 1993 issue
of "New American"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: batfss

"Waco Shootout Evokes Memory of Warsaw '43" from the Wall Street
Journal, Monday, March 15, 1993
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: academics

Contact information for "Academics for the Second Amendment"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: propaganda

Anti-Gun-Ownership Propaganda, by Doan Boal in the March, '92 issue
of Survival Guide.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: media-fairness

Media Fairness Action Plan Is Continuing, by James H. Warner, NRA Ass't
General Counsel, from American Rifleman, March 1993, page 54.

This describes the FCC's "personal attack" rule and how the NRA may
take advantage of this rule against broadcasters who attack the NRA.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: artconf

ARTICLES OF CONFEDERATION, Proposed by Congress November 15, 1777,
Ratified and effective March 1, 1781
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: pending-bills

A list of the currently pending gun control bills in the US Seante and
House of Representatives.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: noduty

Self-Reliance For Self-Defense -- Police Protection Isn't Enough!
by Peter Kasler
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: leftout

The Second Amendment: A Right Left Out, by Doctor Linda Karen Miller
appearing in The American Rifleman, February 1993, p. 33.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: copsnguns

WHAT COPS SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THE GUN ISSUE! by Leroy Pyle,
from the May 1992 issue of Guns&Ammo.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: crossfire

A transcript of the Wednesday, March 3 1993 edition of the CNN
show CROSSFIRE.  The participants are Michael Kinsley, John Sununu,
Rep. Charles Schumer (D-NY) Criminal Justice Subcmte.,
and J.F. = Rep. Jack Fields (R-TX) 
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: naziconnection

The WAR ON GUN OWNERSHIP STILL GOES ON! -- GUN CONTROL'S NAZI CONNECTION!
by Craig Peterson from the May 1993 issue of Guns & Ammo.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: armedcriminal

The Armed Criminal in America, by James Wright, 1986.  A Research in
Brief published by the National Institute of Justice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: bigotry

"BIGOTRY, SYMBOLISM AND IDEOLOGY IN THE BATTLE OVER GUN CONTROL" by
Don Kates, from the 1992 "Public Interest Law Review"
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: flmurd.ps
File: gamurd.ps
File: idmurd.ps
File: mtmurd.ps
File: nodiscr.ps
File: ormurd.ps
File: pamurd.ps
File: philmurd.ps
File: utmurd.ps
File: vamurd.ps
File: wamurd.ps
File: wvmurd.ps

CCW laws and murder rates in several states, by Clayton Cramer.  These
are all PostScript files and require the use of PostScript printer to
print.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: hammer

Marion Hammer on the Failure of Gun Control, downloaded from Gun Talk.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: threechiefs

The views of Police Chiefs Daryl Gates (LA), Lee Brown (NYC), LeRoy Martin
(Chicago) on gun control and other civil rights.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

RKBA archive: general information and anonymous ftp instructions.

The moderator of the firearms-politics mailing list, Karl Kleinpaste,
has agreed to set up an anonymous ftp archive directory for RKBA
related information.  This directory can be used for things like
articles by Kates, Wright, Tonso, Levinson, Supreme Court Decisions,
the RIA vs US decision, copies of legislation, and so on.  It's not
meant to be for the discussions that normally appear here.

So, in the future if you're looking for something check there first
and then ask here.

Instructions:

Short version for techies:

The site is godiva.nectar.cs.cmu.edu.  Place contributions into the
directory /usr0/anon/pub/firearms/politics/rkba.  The ftp commands
get, put, mget, or mput should work.  Give the command "type binary"
to be sure files are transferred correctly.  Your files will be moved
to the rkba directory.  To get a file use the commands get or mget.

I will maintain an index which you should get first to check if
the file you want to read or write already is archived.

Long version for non-techies:

In order for you to use this archive your computer must be on
the Internet.  To connect to the archive site run the command:

	ftp godiva.nectar.cs.cmu.edu

If that doesn't work you cannot use this archive.  If the ftp
command is successful you'll get this prompt asking you for a
login:
	Name (godiva.nectar.cs.cmu.edu:lvc):

Instead of lvc your initials will appear.  Answer this prompt with:

	ftp

Next you'll get this prompt asking your for your e-mail address:

	Guest login ok, send e-mail address as password:

I would enter:

	l.v.cipriani@att.com

You'll enter your own e-mail address.  You'll get these lines
or similar as output:

	Remote system is UNIX.
	Using binary mode to transfer files.

Next, the command prompt is printed:

	ftp> 

If you do not get the line "Using binary mode to transfer files."
Run the command:

	type binary

Now you're logged in to the archive machine.  There are many
directories on this machine  but the two you are concerned with are

	/usr0/anon/pub/firearms/politics/rkba
and
	/usr0/anon/pub/firearms/politics/incoming

There are subdirectories to the rkba directory, those are discussed below.

When you login to the system your directory is /usr0/anon.  To retreive
files change your current directory to the rkba directory with the command:

	cd /usr0/anon/pub/firearms/politics/rkba
or
	cd pub/firearms/politics/rkba

To submit files change your directory to the incoming directory with
the command:

	cd /usr0/anon/pub/firearms/politics/incoming
or
	cd pub/firearms/politics/incoming

Once you do this you'll get another ftp> prompt asking you to enter
another command.

To find the names of the existing files in the directory you are
in run the command:

	ls -l

This will produce something like:

total 6021
-r--r--r--  1 karl          6932 Jun 16  1992 DMN_Gratia_CCP
-r--r--r--  1 karl         69149 Apr  5 19:20 INDEX
-r--r--r--  1 karl         18965 Jun 16  1992 Knox_AW_lies
-r--r--r--  1 karl         10930 Apr 30  1992 S361
-r--r--r--  1 karl          8958 Jun 16  1992 WSJ_Crimestrike
-r--r--r--  1 karl          2649 Jan 13 18:33 academia-bias
-r--r--r--  1 karl           935 Mar 22 22:38 academics
-r--r--r--  1 karl         36079 Aug  4  1992 aclu
... and so on ...

Each line corresponds to one file.  Reading right to left, the fields
are the file name, the last modification date of the file, the size of
the file in bytes, and some permission fields which you do not need
to be concerned with.

To get a file run the command "get" followed by the name of the file
you want, for example:

	get INDEX
or
	get noduty

After the file is transfered to your machine a message like this:

	Transfer complete.
	19580 bytes received in 5 seconds (4 Kbytes/s)

You can repeat the get command for every file you want to retreive.
You can use the mget command to retreive multiple files.  If the
file you want is in a subdirectory, for example, congress/103rd/HR1025
you should change your directory to the appropriate subdirectory first
and then retrieve it:

	cd congress/103rd
	get HR1025

Once you're finished you can log off with the command:

	quit

If you have a file you want to contribute the procedure is a little
different.  First of all you should find out if the file already
exists, so get a copy of the index file with the procedure above
and look it over to make sure you wouldn't repeat an entry.  The
index will have a description of each of the files in the rkba
directory.  For example:

----------------------------------------------------------------------
File: whitemanslaw

White Man's Law by William R. Tonso, from the December 1985
Reason magazine
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Once you've determined you won't be duplicating an entry, login
and change to the incoming directory command (see above).  Once
you are in the incoming directory use the command:

	put file_name

In this case:

	put whitemanslaw

Again there'll be a "Transfer complete, so many bytes transfered
in so many seconds" message.  Now your file is on the archive
machine.

Another thing to watch out for is duplicate file /names/.  Be sure
there isn't a file in the incoming directory that is called the same
as the file you want to write.  If you use the same name you'll
overwrite the previous file [or you'll get an error message].

Your file may have to be renamed if there is a conflict with a
file by the same name in the rkba directory.

Once your file is in the incoming directory send me an entry for
the INDEX file and I will add it to the file.

If you cannot use anonymous ftp and would still like to contribute
a file email the file to me and I'll take care of the rest.

If you submit a file and do not notify me it may be removed, so
be sure to let me know first.

If you have any questions feel free to ask me.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com





-- 
Michael Phelps, (external) mjp@vnet.ibm.com ..
                (internal) mjp@bwa.kgn.ibm.com .. mjp at kgnvmy         
 (and last but not least a disclaimer)  These opinions are mine..       

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54685
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: Gun Talk -- State legislative update

In article <lairdb.735523285@crash.cts.com> lairdb@crash.cts.com (Laird P. Broadfield) writes:
>In <C5sGG3.Bnv@cbnews.cb.att.com> lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:
>>As William O. Douglas noted, "If a powerful sponsor is lacking,
>>individual liberty withers -- in spite of glowing opinions and
>>resounding constitutional phrases."
>
>An excellent quote.
...
>I looked under 'C' and 'K' for Kalifornia; has the NRA given up on us?

One might well ask if CA gun owners have given up on the NRA/CRPA.

The national NRA doesn't march in and get things passed.  They provide
a convenient label for local activities/activists.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54686
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...

On the subject of CS/CN/tear gas: when I received my initial introduction to
tear gas, the first thing that came to mind was the location of the exit.  If
there had been anything in the way, corners to negotiate, doors to open, or 
any other obstacles to movement, I would have had a difficult time exiting the
chamber.  And any concentration of tear gas is hazardous to individuals with
respiratory problems, and the wearing of soft contact lenses in a tear gas 
contaminated area is considered a REAL BAD IDEA.  So hoping the BD's would
peaceably come strolling out the door after being gassed is a bit unrealistic.
If they could have found the door, having them staggering out retching wouldn't
be too far fetched.  Throw in the factor of 50-51 days of being under siege and
subject to psychological warfare, and all bets on functional abilities are off.
Anybody tried to get Amnesty International to jump in on this one?

-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54687
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: Analysis of Second Amendment (Was: Re: Some more about gun control...)

In article <1993Apr21.042608.26086@ra.msstate.edu> dnewcomb@whale.st.usm.edu (Donald R. Newcomb) writes:
>First, I would like to say how much I appreciate having so literate and
>erudite an individual as Mr. Rutledge with whom to discuss this topic.
>Frankly, most anti-RKBA posters refuse even to approach the topic of
>the original understanding of the Bill of Rights as detailed in the
>writings of the era. This  is most refreshing.
>
>Second, I must apologize for leaving the discussion for several days.
>My brigade's quarterly drill was this weekend and I needed to attend
>to several matters pertaining to the State Militia.
>
>Some people seem to feel that the concept of the Militia is an anachro-
>nism that is out of place in the 20th century. I'm not sure the Swiss
>would agree and I think perhaps a discussion of how the Militia, both
>organized and unorganized, fits into the defense plans of my State,
>Mississippi. Please do not assume that this describes something peculiar
>to one southern state. For instance, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
>has a well organized Militia which, members report, maintains stocks
>of both riot guns and machine guns. The laws of other States will vary
>but are probably similar.

It appears it is time that this article (originally posted by Larry
Cipriani last year, and which I saved) gets posted again.  It offers
as good an analysis of the meaning of the Second Amendment, especially
regarding the militia clause, as I have seen.  I have not seen any
rebuttles with similar bone fides...

Enjoy.  (Flames to /dev/null)

--------- Begin Enclosed Article -----------

			THE UNABRIDGED SECOND AMENDMENT

			      by J. Neil Schulman

If you wanted to know all about the Big Bang, you'd ring up Carl Sagan,
right ?  And if you wanted to know about desert warfare, the man to call
would be Norman Schwarzkopf, no question about it.  But who would you call
if you wanted the top expert on American usage, to tell you the meaning
of the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution ?

That was the question I asked A.C. Brocki, editorial coordinator of the Los
Angeles Unified School District and formerly senior editor at Houghton
Mifflin Publishers -- who himself had been recommended to me as the
foremost expert on English usage in the Los Angeles school system.  Mr.
Brocki told me to get in touch with Roy Copperud, a retired professor
journalism at the University of Southern California and the author of
"American Usage and Style: The Consensus."

A little research lent support to Brocki's opinion of Professor Copperud's
expertise.

Roy Copperud was a newspaper writer on major dailies for over three decades
before embarking on a a distinguished 17-year career teaching journalism at
USC.  Since 1952, Copperud has been writing a column dealing with the
professional aspects of journalism for "Editor and Publisher", a weekly
magazine focusing on the journalism field.

He's on the usage panel of the American Heritage Dictionary, and Merriam
Webster's Usage Dictionary frequently cites him as an expert.  Copperud's
fifth book on usage, "American Usage and Style: The Consensus," has been in
continuous print from Van Nostrand Reinhold since 1981, and is the winner
of the Association of American Publisher's Humanities Award.

That sounds like an expert to me.

After a brief telephone call to Professor Copperud in which I introduced
myself but did not give him any indication of why I was interested, I sent
the following letter:

"I am writing you to ask you for your professional opinion as an expert in
English usage, to analyze the text of the Second Amendment to the United
States Constitution, and extract the intent from the text.

"The text of the Second Amendment is, 'A well-regulated Militia, being
necessary for the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep
and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.'

"The debate over this amendment has been whether the first part of the
sentence, 'A well-regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a
free State', is a restrictive clause or a subordinate clause, with respect
to the independent clause containing the subject of the sentence, 'the
right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.'

"I would request that your analysis of this sentence not take into
consideration issues of political impact or public policy, but be restricted
entirely to a linguistic analysis of its meaning and intent.  Further,
since your professional analysis will likely become part of litigation
regarding the consequences of the Second Amendment, I ask that whatever
analysis you make be a professional opinion that you would be willing to
stand behind with your reputation, and even be willing to testify under
oath to support, if necessary."

My letter framed several questions about the test of the Second Amendment,
then concluded:

"I realize that I am asking you to take on a major responsibility and task
with this letter.  I am doing so because, as a citizen, I believe it is
vitally important to extract the actual meaning of the Second Amendment.
While I ask that your analysis not be affected by the political importance of
its results, I ask that you do this because of that importance."

After several more letters and phone calls, in which we discussed terms for
his doing such an analysis, but in which we never discussed either of our
opinions regarding the Second Amendment, gun control, or any other political
subject, Professor Copperud sent me the follow analysis (into which I have
inserted my questions for the sake of clarity):

[Copperud:] "The words 'A well-regulated militia, being necessary to the
security of a free state,' contrary to the interpretation cited in your
letter of July 26, 1991, constitutes a present participle, rather than a
clause.  It is used as an adjective, modifying 'militia,' which is
followed by the main clause of the sentence (subject 'the right', verb
'shall').  The to keep and bear arms is asserted as an essential for
maintaining a militia.

"In reply to your numbered questions:

[Schulman:] "(1) Can the sentence be interpreted to grant the right to keep
and bear arms solely to 'a well-regulated militia'?"

[Copperud:] "(1) The sentence does not restrict the right to keep and bear
arms, nor does it state or imply possession of the right elsewhere or by
others than the people; it simply makes a positive statement with respect
to a right of the people."

[Schulman:] "(2) Is 'the right of the people to keep and bear arms' granted
by the words of the Second Amendment, or does the Second Amendment assume a
preexisting right of the people to keep and bear arms, and merely state
that such right 'shall not be infringed'?"

[Copperud:] "(2) The right is not granted by the amendment; its existence
is assumed.  The thrust of the sentence is that the right shall be
preserved inviolate for the sake of ensuring a militia."

[Schulman:] "(3) Is the right of the people to keep and bear arms
conditioned upon whether or not a well regulated militia, is, in fact
necessary to the security of a free State, and if that condition is not
existing, is the statement 'the right of the people to keep and bear Arms,
shall not be infringed' null and void?"

[Copperud:] "(3) No such condition is expressed or implied.  The right to
keep and bear arms is not said by the amendment to depend on the existence
of a militia.  No condition is stated or implied as to the relation of the
right to keep and bear arms and to the necessity of a well-regulated
militia as a requisite to the security of a free state.  The right to keep
and bear arms is deemed unconditional by the entire sentence."

[Schulman:] "(4) Does the clause 'A well-regulated Militia, being necessary
to the security of a free State,' grant a right to the government to place
conditions on the 'right of the people to keep and bear arms,' or is such
right deemed unconditional by the meaning of the entire sentence?"

[Copperud:] "(4) The right is assumed to exist and to be unconditional, as
previously stated.  It is invoked here specifically for the sake of the
militia."

[Schulman:] "(5) Which of the following does the phrase 'well-regulated
militia' mean: 'well-equipped', 'well-organized,' 'well-drilled,'
'well-educated,' or 'subject to regulations of a superior authority'?"

[Copperud:] "(5) The phrase means 'subject to regulations of a superior
authority;' this accords with the desire of the writers for civilian
control over the military."

[Schulman:] "(6) (If at all possible, I would ask you to take account the
changed meanings of words, or usage, since that sentence was written 200
years ago, but not take into account historical interpretations of the
intents of the authors, unless those issues can be clearly separated."

[Copperud:] "To the best of my knowledge, there has been no change in the
meaning of words or in usage that would affect the meaning of the
amendment.  If it were written today, it might be put: "Since a
well-regulated militia is necessary tot he security of a free state, the
right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be abridged.'

[Schulman:] "As a 'scientific control' on this analysis, I would also
appreciate it if you could compare your analysis of the text of the Second
Amendment to the following sentence,

"A well-schooled electorate, being necessary to the security of a free
State, the right of the people to keep and read Books, shall not be
infringed.'

"My questions for the usage analysis of this sentence would be,

"(1) Is the grammatical structure and usage of this sentence and the way
the words modify each other, identical to the Second Amendment's sentence?;
and

"(2) Could this sentence be interpreted to restrict 'the right of the people
to keep and read Books' _only_ to 'a well-educated electorate' -- for
example, registered voters with a high-school diploma?"

[Copperud:] "(1) Your 'scientific control' sentence precisely parallels the
amendment in grammatical structure.

"(2) There is nothing in your sentence that either indicates or implies the
possibility of a restricted interpretation."

Professor Copperud had only one additional comment, which he placed in his
cover letter: "With well-known human curiosity, I made some speculative
efforts to decide how the material might be used, but was unable to reach
any conclusion."

So now we have been told by one of the top experts on American usage what
many knew all along: the Constitution of the United States unconditionally
protects the people's right to keep and bear arms, forbidding all
governments formed under the Constitution from abridging that right.

As I write this, the attempted coup against constitutional government in the
Soviet Union has failed, apparently because the will of the people in that
part of the world to be free from capricious tyranny is stronger than the
old guard's desire to maintain a monopoly on dictatorial power.

And here in the United States, elected lawmakers, judges, and appointed
officials who are pledged to defend the Constitution of the United States
ignore, marginalize, or prevaricate about the Second Amendment routinely.
American citizens are put in American prisons for carrying arms, owning
arms of forbidden sorts, or failing to satisfy bureaucratic requirements
regarding the owning and carrying of firearms -- all of which is an
abridgement of the unconditional right of the people to keep and bear arms,
guaranteed by the Constitution.

And even the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), staunch defender of the
rest of the Bill of Rights, stands by and does nothing.

it seems it is up to those who believe in the right to keep and bear arms to
preserve that right.  no one else will.  No one else can.  Will we beg our
elected representatives not to take away our rights, and continue regarding
them as representing us if they do?  Will we continue obeying judges who
decide that the Second Amendment doesn't mean what it says it means but
means whatever they say it means in their Orwellian doublespeak ?

Or will be simply keep and bear the arms of our choice, as the Constitution
of the United States promises us we can, and pledge that we will defend
that promise with our lives, our fortuned, and our sacred honor ?

(C) 1991 by The New Gun Week and Second Amendment Foundation.
Informational reproduction of the entire article is hereby authorized
provided the author, The New Gun Week and Second Amendment Foundation are
credited.  All other rights reserved.

			About the Author

J. Neil Schulman is the award-winning author of novels endorsed by Anthony
Burgess and Nobel-economist Milton Friedman, and writer of the CBS "Twilight
Zone" episode in which a time-traveling historian prevents the JFK
assassination.  He's also the founder and president of SoftServ Publishing,
the first publishing company to distribute "paperless books" via personal
computers and modems.

Most recently, Schulman has founded the Committee to Enforce the Second
Amendment (CESA), through which he intends to see the individual's right to
keep and bear arms recognized as a constitutional protection equal to those
afforded in the First, Fourth, Fifth, Ninth and Fourteenth amendments.

J. Neil Schulman may be reached through: The SoftServ Paperless Bookstore,
24-hour bbs: 213-827-3160 (up to 9600 baud).  Mail address: PO Box 94, Long
Beach, CA 90801-0094.  GEnie address: SOFTSERV

--------- End Enclosed Article -------------
-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54688
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

>> I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
>> and M-16's/AR-15's and banging/marrying thirteen yuear olds. 

With one exception, that's a pretty good description of many of the
Baptists I know.  The exception is that they know the difference
between an M-16 and an AR-15.  Heck - they even know that "it looks
like Richard Petty's stock car" doesn't mean "it's a racing stock
car".  They may be uncouth, but they've figured out that appearance
isn't function.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54689
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <23APR199302461670@zeus.tamu.edu> djh4484@zeus.tamu.edu (HARTY, DANIEL JOSEPH) writes:
> "  A well regulated militia, being necessarry to the security of a free state,
>   the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."
>
>  What is regulated? Regulated means "controlled"! How about security?

While it may mean that in 1993, the relevant meaning comes from 1789.
Moreover, "controlled" doesn't tell you WHO's doing the controllling.

Fletcher's Political Works, pub'd in 1749, defines a "well-regulated
militia", that being the relevant phrase, as being an armed people NOT
under the control of govt.  The wigged gents who argued about the
constituion used it in that way.

Feel free to provide a 1790s-era reference showing a usage other than
"individual right, not to be interfered with by govt".

Note that the first clause has a meaning - it is a restriction on
govt military power.  See Scarry's University of Penn law review
article for an extended discussion.  The existence of a well-regulated
militia is a necessary part of that restriction, but it is not sufficient.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54690
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card


In article <CMM.0.90.2.735132009.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no>, Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
>Gun clubs:
>If you are a member you CAN borrow weapons....(Suprised??)
>You are supposed to train with a .22 for the 6 months, THEN
>you can start with anything bigger.
>
>Drivers licence:
>Forgot that USA is THE land of cars.....
>Getting one in Scandinavia (and northern europe) is not easy.
>Average time is about 20 hours of training, and the cost is rather......
>But we think this is acceptable because a car is NOT a toy, and
>bad drivers tend to hurt OTHERS.
>(If you are really bad, you WON'T get a lincence!)
>
>Abuse by the goverment:
>This seems to be one of the main problems; Any harder gun-control
>would just be abused by the goverment.(!)
>Either some of you are a little paranoid (no offence...) OR you should
>get a new goverment. (You do have elections??)

Unfortunately, elections can, and are, bought.  Promise the voters money, and
they will vote for you.

>
>Guns 'n Criminals:
>MOST weapons used by criminals today are stolen.
>Known criminals can NOT buy weapons, that's one of the points of gun control.

Same here.  Convicted felons may not legally purchase firearms.

>And because gun control are strict in WHOLE scandinavia (and most of europe),
>we dont have any PROBLEM with smuggled guns.

That you know of.

While I lived in the DBR, a gang robbed a joint US Army/Bundewehr armoury and
got several hundred M-16s, ammunition, handguns and some explosives.  When I
left two years later, there were no clues.

>
>Mixing weapons and things that can be use as one:
>What I meant was that cars CAN kill, but they are not GUNS!
>Someone said that if we 'ban' guns we'd have to ban cars to, because they 'kill' to...
>I don't think we should argue on this one..... ;)
>
>The issue (I hope..):
>I think we all agree that the criminals are the main problem.
>Guns are not a problem, but the way they are used is.... (and what are they for??)

Who uses them is the problem.  Crime, in the U.S., is "no big deal" if you are
the criminal.  How about 5 years for murder.  Credit for time served (in jail,
waiting for trial) and you are out in 12 months, worst case.  If we would put
criminals, especially violent ones, in the slam for true sentences, crime would
drop.  Instead, we reward them for being good and let them out early, very
early.

>
>I think this discusion is interesting when you think of (ex)Jugoslavia:
>They should all have weapons, it's their rigth to have them, and if they use them
>to kill other (Innocent) people the problem is humans, not guns.

Serbs, Croats and Muslims have been killing each other almost since before the
invention of guns.  Old women are throwing stones at UN trucks.  This is a
hatred that goes beyond reason.
>
>If 50% of ALL murders was done with axes, would you impose some regulations on them
>or just say that they are ment to be used at trees, and that the axe is not a problem,
>it's the 'axer' ??
>(An example, don't flame me just because not exactly 50% are killed by guns...)

Yes, the problem is the user.  Question back (since you are one of the rational
ones):  If all gun crime were to stop, would you support dropping all gun
controls?

>
>Think about the situation in Los Angeles where people are buying guns to protect
>themselves. Is this a good situation ?? Is it the rigth way to deal with the problem ??

They did not believe, from experience, that the "police" (including National
Guard) could/would protect them.  Unless you want to argue that a human being
does not have a right to protect him/herself, they did the right thing.  What
would you suggest as a defense against a mob throwing bottles and rocks, and
also likely armed with stolen firearms?

>
>If everybody buys guns to protect themselves from criminals (and their neighbor who have
>guns) what do you think will happen ?? (I mean if everybody had a gun in USA)

Criminals would move to Scandinavia??? :-)  The average criminal would look for
a less hazardous job, and the rest would likely be buried at county expense.

>
>Don't flame the Englishmen because of Northern Irland, they have gun control that works
>(in England) and fonds from USA are one of the reasons why IRA can bomb innocents...
>(Something about throwing stones in glass houses...)

Personally, I criticize the fools who send money to the IRA to "make Ireland
free".  Of course, this is the last thing the IRA wants, because they lose
power if England pulls out.  But that's for another group.

>Don't flame them because of what to (three?) children did either.

The U.S. has roughly 20 times the major sporting events as the U.K..  How many
riots did we have at sporting events last year (off the playing field)? 
Hooligan is a word never used when reffering to sports fans here.  I guess
that's where the different cultures thing comes in.

>(Can an Jugoslav have an oppinion on guns or even peace??) (YES!)

Yes.  The question is, is the problem one of too many guns (mostly from the
army) or not enough (nonSerbians can not defend themselves.

>
>(My numbers about crime rates after restrictions on shot-guns are from the police
>and the Statistisk Sentralbyraa) (understood that one Sorenson??)
>
>LAST WORD:
>Responsible gun owners are not a problem, but they will be affected if you want to protect 
>your citicens.

But disarming responsible gun owners is not the solution.  Yet, that is exactly
what HCI is proposing.
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54691
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: criminals & machineguns

In article <C5ME6D.Iy0@cs.uiuc.edu> kratz@cs.uiuc.edu (Jason Kratz) writes:
>In <1993Apr16.202441.16032@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU> andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:
>>In article <93104.175256U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>>>people are getting killed by gang violence every day?  Every single day I hear
>>>about more people getting killed by gang violence and see some of the weapo{s
>>>that are being confiscated.
>
>>Is Kratz claiming that he can reliably visually distinguish an M-16
>>from an AR-15?  That he can see the difference between a semi-auto and
>>a full-auto UZI?  That he can see the difference between the various
>>versions (some full-auto, some semi-auto only) of the M-11/9?
>
>Well, let me see.  UZI, no.  M-11/9, no.

I see that I misphrased my question.  I should have asked WHICH
full-autos Kratz can accurately distinguish from semi-auto
look-alikes.  I should have also included some semi-auto only guns in
my list to see if he'd ask how to distinguish them from their
non-existent full-auto "relatives".

Let's do the former now.  Kratz has claimed that he can visually
distinguish full-autos from semi-autos.  For which full-autos is he
making that claim?  How does he do it?  Let's get specific, and as
exhaustive as possible.

>M-16/AR-15, maybe.  I remember there
>being a selector swtich on the AR-15.  If I remember correctly (please correct
>me if I'm wrong) the switch would set to an "off" position or an "on" position
>because the gun (AR-15) is semi-automatic.  Wouldn't the M-16 have a position
>for semi-auto fire and full-auto fire (or maybe 3 round bursts)?

Maybe?  Why is Kratz asking about what he told us that he knows?

Is Kratz certain that he can distinguish a three position switch from
a two position switch via TV inspection?  (Does he even get to see the
switch in the typical police display of guns?)  Note that one might
well be able to see this sort of thing in a hands on visual inspection
even though it won't be seen on TV.  And to think that Kratz was
telling us that seeing it on TV was just as accurate as being
there....

>How about the other guns?  Do they also have selector switch to switch between
>semi-auto and fully-auto fire?

Why all the questions?  Kratz assured us that he could make this distinction
and now he's asking us how he did it....

>Well, what about what I said above?  If that is correct I guess TV would be
>acceptable (if you had a good enough picture and a picture of the lower 
>receiver of the AR-15/M-16).

What about it?  It only demonstrates that, as I predicted, Kratz
was blowing smoke on this.

>>-andy gave Kratz a chance to back down on this in private
>>--
>Jason Kratz <- didn't take andy's offer to back down in private

-andy wonders what Kratz is learning from this
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54693
From: wolfone@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (I am an android..)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr21.113723.10103@synapse.bms.com> hambidge@bms.com writes:
]In article <C5sv88.HJy@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
]>In article <1r1j3n$4t@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
]>>In article <1r19tp$5em@bigboote.WPI.EDU>, mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
]>>
]>>> >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
]>>>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
]>>> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day  
]>>> in Texas. 
]>>
]>>Do YOU eat all your food cold?
]>
]>Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
]>Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.
]
]Ever hear about cutting off the electricity? That was done.
]How effective is an electric stove then?

Didn't the Branch Davidans have an emergency generator? Oh well, I don't think
Brent thought of that anyway.


-- 
/----------------------------------------------------------------------\
|Patrick Chester   (aka: claypigeon)         wolfone@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu|
|The Earth is our cradle, but one cannot stay in the cradle forever... |
|People's organizations rarely stay that way... or even begin as such. |
|I only speak for myself. If I *did* speak for UT, would anyone listen?|
\----------------------------------------------------------------------/

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54694
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.) writes:

>In <1r3efjINN3jj@gap.caltech.edu> arc@cco.caltech.edu writes:

>> Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
>> >I also believe Texas has some of the most liberal 'gun-laws' in USA......
>> 
>> In Texas, you cannot carry a handgun.  Period.  Either concealed or open.

>  Currently, there is a bill before the Texas legislature that would make it
>legal for some ordinary folks to carry concealed weapons.  I don't have the
>details, sorry.

>semper fi,

>Jammer Jim Miller 
>Texas A&M University '89 and '91
>________________________________________________________________________________
> I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
>"Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing System."
> "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
>      ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

If I recall correctly, the bill would provide for concealed carry if
the person takes a 15-hr DPS safety course in firearms and pays a $150
fee for the license.  The bill is apparently veto-proof in the House,
but LtGov Bullock has said it will never come to the floor of the
Senate and Dreamboat Annie has vowed to veto it if it comes to her
desk.  *shrug*

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54695
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Re: news says BATF indictment/warrant unsealed...


|QUESTION:
|What will Californians do with all those guns after the Reginald
|denny trial?

The Wall Street Journal had an article on how the police were whining
about all the new guns; excuse me, but police are EMPLOYEES of the
government. Rather like having your janitor complain about job
conditions.

I say Californians should form armed block clubs that would engage
in coordinated strategies should BATF attempt to disarm them based
on the "nefarious tipster" theory of law enforcement. Unlike Waco, 
Californians should be able to destroy armored vehicles in city
streets with incendiary weapons, acetylene after slowing them down
with abandoned car blockades. M-1 Garands should easily outclass
BATF shock troops with their H&K MP-5 SMGs, and there should be
enough Sony Walkmans and Boom Boxes to overwhelm any FBI psy-war
operation... yes, a good time would be had by all. Billary Clinton
would get what he wanted, a War on Gunowners, the BATF would attempt
to show the anti-gun press they they really, REALLY were in charge
with a 500-man "Charge of the Light Brigade," and the FBI would attempt 
to show how _THEY_ really were in charge by asking the Californian 
National Guard to level the area with artillary!

:-) :-) :-)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54696
Subject: Re: Gun Buy Back
From: R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu

In article <1r6qqcINN8j4@clem.handheld.com>
jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:
 
>
>In article <16BB8B194.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu> R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu writes:
>> In article <1993Apr22.134330.9761@rti.rti.org>
>> jbs@rti.rti.org writes:
>>
>> >
>> >In article <16BB7BA6A.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu> R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu
>writes:
>> >>...Gun buyback programs will hopefully
>> >>have an impact on accidental shootings (especially youths), domestic
>> >>disputes where a gun is available in the heat of emotion and anger, and
>> >>maybe keep a few guns from being stolen and later used in street-level
>> >>crime.
>> >
>> >What gives you the idea that gun "buyback" programs will have an impact on
>> >any of these things?  Evidence, please?
>> >
>> > Please don't misinterret  what I was saying Joe.  I was making the point
>tha
>> there is NO evidence of effect of gun buyback programs but hopefully if
>> there is any effect it may prevent injuries or deaths in one of these types
>> of common incidents.
>>
>> >If you're a "Research Associate" in "Urban Child Research," then perhaps
>> >you can comment for us on the ratio of the accidental gun death rate to the
>> >rate of accidental death from other single causes?  Follow that perhaps
>> >with some sort of justification for the amount of effort that anti-gunners
>> >spend trying to convince the country that accidental gun-related death
>> >among children in the U.S. is a serious problem.
>> >
>>  Firearms are the fifth-leading cause of unintentional deaths among children
>> ages 14 and under.  I don't understand how the ratio to other accidental
>> deaths is important.  So guns don't kill as many children as car accidents.
>> What is the difference in severity between 1,000 deaths and 10,000 deaths?
>> I am not trying to use accidental gun-related deaths among children as a
>> justification for gun control.  Who needs to be convinced that accidental
>> gun deaths of children is a serious problem?  I assumed that any humane
>> person would be concerned when any 10 year old got hold of their parents
>> gun from their bedroom drawer and accidently blew away one of their friends.
>>
>
>Any death is serious.  Wanna discuss match control?  Firearms related
>unintentional deaths among children ages 14 and under are the fault of one or
>more negligent persons, not the gun.
>
   Did I say that a child who unintentionally shoots someone is not negligent?
 NO.  I hate to repeat myself Jim, but like I told Joe, I was not attempting
in any way to justify gun control.  You're right, any death is serious.
THAT was my point to Joe who said that "anti-gunners" try to convinve
the country that accidental gun deaths related to children are a serious
problem.  I guess I assumed everyone thought that it was a problem.
No, I don't want to discuss match control.  I don't equate a book of matches
to a loaded 9 millimeter either.  Don't confuse the issue.  And please don't
say that tired old NRA line "Guns don't kill people, people kill people".
Sure, people can kill people without guns.  But easy access to guns makes it
a lot more convenient.  "Guns don't kill people, People with easy access to
guns kill people".
 
>> >>More than anything, gun buyback programs are symbolic offerings to the
>> >>community.  In that sense, I think they might do a little good.
>> >
>> >Please explain why you think "symbolic offerings" do good.
>> >
>>  My point was, gun buyback programs which are almost always run by police
>> departments MIGHT (I stress might) do a LITTLE (I stress little) good by
>> giving people the impression that the police are attempting to respond
>> to interpersonal gun violence in a unique way.  Overall, I thought that I
>> had made it clear that I did not think that gun buyback programs were
>> useful.
>>
>
>Providing false hope, then, is the intent?
>
    Jim, I'm just saying how it is.  I'm not saying if that is a good thing
or not. From the police who I have talked with who run some of these gun
buyback programs, I get the impression that they really think they are
having an impact on the community.  When I ask them if they have an evaluatory
component to the program, they say "well no..."  So, in answer to your
question, no, false hope is not the intent.  I think the intent is to
show folks that police are attempting to do something to curb interpersonal
gun violence whether its effective or not.  Look, if you can't measure
the impact of these programs using some sort of pre-test and post-test
evaluation, what is the point?  It must be symbolic in nature.  The police are
essentially saying "look, if you have a gun lying around and you don't
want it, we'll give you $50 for it...because we care about the community".
If you, I and Joe could think of a way to measure the effectiveness or
ineffectiveness of these programs we could become rich and famous.
 
>>
>> >>I do know that the vast majority of guns that are used by youths or
>> >>brought to school by youths on a daily basis (about 135,000 youths) are
>> >>obtained easily and quickly, through a personal friend, or more often
>> >>"borrowed" from a parent without their knowledge.
>> >
>> >I suggest you go back and look at wherever you saw these "statistics" - I
>> >suspect you'll find if you look carefully that 135,000 is the number of
>> >students *estimated* to have carried *a weapon* (not necessarily a gun)
>> >to school at least once in the past year, and not the number of students
>> >who carry a gun to school daily.
>> >
>>  Well Joe, I suggest that you talk to the Center to Prevent Handgun Violence
>> or the Centers for Disease Control.  If YOU look carefully you will see
>> that YOU greatly underestimate the presence of guns in the lives of youths.
>> The CPHV reports that 135,000 youth bring GUNS to school DAILY and that
>> 400,000 bring GUNS to school at least once a year.  The CDC estimates
>> that 1 out 0f 25 high school students carried a gun to school at least once
>> in 1990.  The CDC also says that 1.2 million elementary-aged, latch-key
>> children (kids who come home from school to an empty house), have access
>> to guns in their home.  California schools reported a 200% increase in
>> student gun confiscations between 1986 and 1990, and a 40% increase between
>> 1988 and 1990.  Florida reported a 61% percent increase in gun incidents in
>> schools between 1986/87 amd 1987/88.  These are the "statistics".
>>
>
>200% increase in California schools, eh?  Gun control is working fine, there!
>>
>>  I didn't anything about gun control, what are you talking about?
 
>> >>thus willing to follow a man who claimed to be the Messiah (Got news
>> >>for you folks, if the Big Cheese was on this crazy planet of ours
>> >>presently, he would NOT be carrying a gun or holding children when they
>> >>were in danger).
>> >
>> >"Holding kids?"  Time for a reality check, son.  These kids were the
>> >children of the people inside who believed that the forces of evil were
>> >outside waiting to kill them.  Would you send *your* children out the door
>> >if you believed as they did?
>> >
>>  Okay, maybe I worded it wrong...DAD.  I meant that to put children in a
>> situation (fortified compound) where harm could come to them is not the
>> act of a Messiah in my opinion.  I'm not saying that Koresh had control over
>> these children directly, but I would hope that whatever Messiah there is
>> would not let innocent children die.
>> If as he claimed he was the Messiah and people followed him as such, why
>> did he not tell their parents to free the children instead of letting them
>> burn alive?  Thanks for the reality check Joe, its been real.
>>
>So your religion is different.  Does that make it his wrong?  Even assuming
>Koresh actually made that decision, and the verdict is still out on that.
>
> Jim, listen to me, I said I'M NOT RELIGIOUS WHATSOEVER, do you understand?
  Religion has nothing to do with this.  I could care less what religion
they were okay?  To put children in that situation is wrong, pure and
simple.  Difference is good Jim, I am the most progressive and diverse
person in the world.  But, if different is allowing kids to be exposed
to tanks and tear-gas, then yes Jim, DIFFERENT IS WRONG.
 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54697
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!
From: dusek@rtsg.mot.com (James P. Dusek)

ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig) writes:
>or the cultists...) I think I'll quote the BBC quoting (actually voice
>interview) one of the two British survivors. He claimed that the fire
>started when the tanks caused an internal wooden wall/roof to collapse
>knocking over kerosene lamps and that they had no suicide plan.

	If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
burning building?

James Dusek

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54698
From: crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com (Ron Phillips)
Subject: Re: Who's next? Mormons and Jews?

In article <C5s5n0.DyJ@world.std.com>, rjk@world.std.com (Robert J. Kolker) writes:
|> Thank you for remembering Matzada.  Matzada was not an insane act. It was
|> a sanctification of G_D's name and the most extreme denial of tyranny
|> possible. To this day the officers of the Tzahal (Isreal Defense Force)
|> take their oath at the fortress. Lo Tepol Shaynit Matzadah. Matzadah will
|> not fall again!
|> 

Not anymore!  Recent archaeological inspection of the site presents pretty
compelling evidence that the "mass suicide" at Masada never occured.  This
evidence was so compelling tha the Tzahal no long hold their secret ceremony
at the fortress.


-- 
**************************************************************
* Ron Phillips               crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com *
* Senior Customer Engineer                                   *
* Intergraph Electronics                                     *
* 381 East Evelyn Avenue               VOICE: (415) 691-6473 *
* Mountain View, CA 94041              FAX:   (415) 691-0350 *
**************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54699
From: crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com (Ron Phillips)
Subject: Waco Questions


Folks,

It's time to start building some precise questions to send to our
federal elected officials and to investigative reporters in our
local TV, radio and newprint media.  Ideally, these questions could be
asked at any investigation into the BATF's and FBI's participation
at the WACO fiasco in hopes of being resolved and, hopefully, wake
up the local news media that they are not getting the entire truth
from the BATF and FBI.  My list is up to 13 that are really nagging 
at my gut.  The list will probably grow. 

1.   What were the contents of the original warrant, now sealed, that
     the BATF obtained?

2.   It is reasonable to believe that illegal firearms and/or ammunition
     could not be flushed down the toilet.  Therefore, a "no-knock"
     raid could be ruled out.  Prior to the initial assault on the 
     complex, did a single BATF agent and accompanying witness (without 
     a contingent of assault and news media personnel) attempt to knock 
     on the door of the Branch Davidian's complex and serve the warrant 
     in a manner prescribed by law?

3.   On the day of the initial assault on the complex, BATF agents
     were aware that several small children were inside the buildings.
     In the ensueing gun battle, BATF agents fired into a building
     known to contain children, killing at least one two-year old child.
     Knowing children were present, why didn't the BATF have an
     alternate plan and immediately retreat from the area close to
     the complex and implement the alternate plan rather than opening
     fire and jeopardizing the lives of the children in the building? 

4.   The FBI spokesman states that paper evidence indicates that
     David Koresh and members of the Branch Davidians possessed over
     $200,000 in firearms and ammunition.  Did David Koresh and the
     members of the Branch Davidians have a valid Federal Firearms
     License, were they actively participating in the legal business
     of selling/buying firearms and ammunition, and were any of the
     weapons they had illegally possessed?  Does this paper evidence
     consist only of weapons purchased or does it include legally
     dispossessed weapons.

5.   After the original assault on the compound tragically failed,
     a BATF spokeswoman stated "We were outgunned!".  Yet, TV newscasts
     of video tape filmed at the time of the incident show BATF agents
     armed with MP-5 and AR-15/M16 rifles.  Although unclear on the
     video tape because of obstruction from full view by agent's
     bodies, they also may have had AK-47 and SKS rifles.  What type(s)
     of firearms did the BATF agents have immediate access to at the 
     scene of the original assault on the complex?

6.   Since there is no evidence to confirm anyone was inside the
     complex involuntarily, why did the FBI treat it as a "hostage"
     situation? 

7.   Along the same lines, why did the FBI use "psychological warfare"
     techniques, including sensory overload, sleep deprivation, and
     other disruptive techniques that would test the sanity of any 
     normal person rather than using techniques aimed at placing the 
     complex occupants into a calmer frame of mind?

8.   Reports indicate several of the children inside the complex
     were accompanied by their mothers.  Since it is reasonable
     to expect these mothers would have their children taken away
     from them if they came out, why did the FBI expect the mothers
     to just walk out and surrender themselves to the authorities?

9.   Agents at the scene claim to have seen members of the Branch
     Davidians setting fire to the complex.  Branch Davidian members
     who survived the inferno claim the fire was started when an 
     armored vehicle punched through the wall and knocked over a 
     lantern which was setting on a table.  Video tape of the incident 
     does show an armored vehicle punching a hole in the wall and the 
     fire erupted almost immediately from the same general location.  
     Was the source of the fire the same room where the armored vehicle 
     penetrated?

10.  FBI spokesmen are voicing the opinion that the David Koresh and
     the members of the Branch Davidians committed mass suicide.  Yet,
     bodies are being discovered throughout the house and other areas
     within the building complex.  This seems to be counter to any
     known mass suicides through history.  What evidence does the FBI
     have that a mass suicide pact existed?

11.  FBI Director Sessions stated that the massive fireball shown on
     the video tape was caused by the Branch Davidian's ammunition
     and/or powder cache exploding.  Yet, the fireball seems to be
     more characteristic of the type created when compressed gas
     or other highly volatile fuel source explodes.  Was any evidence 
     found which would indicate the Branch Davidians had an ammunition 
     and/or powder cache which exploded to create this fireball?  If so,
     and if David Koresh and members of the Branch Davidians were 
     engaged in the legal business of selling/buying firearms, was the
     amount determined to be excessively greater than one would expect
     for someone engaged in such a legal business?

12.  It is rumored that one FBI agent was extremely upset about critical
     news media coverage and intentionally used an armored vehicle to
     crush a reporter's car which had been left at the compound.  Is 
     there any factual basis to this rumor and, if so, what charges will 
     be brought against the FBI agent who performed the act?

13.  FBI Director Sessions states that, during the final assault on the
     complex, "over 80 shots were fired at the vehicles."  On the video
     tape of the incident, you can hear the drone of the armored vehicles
     engines.  Yet, there is no sound of the sharp reports that one
     would expect to hear if shots were fired.  Also, there are no 
     indications of smoke and/or muzzle flashes appearing from the windows,
     buildings or other structures in the video.  Surely, these should be 
     evident if the Branch Davidians had fired on the armored vehicles.  
     Finally, the video tape does not show any indication of paint splatter, 
     sparks or other characteristic spray of material which should be 
     apparent if the Branch Davidians had fired upon the vehicles.  Do 
     any of the armored vehicles which were brought in to pump tear gas 
     into the compound show evidence of fresh damage due to being hit by 
     shots from high-power rifles?

14.  CS gas is considered to be a chemical warfare agent.  The United
     States has signed international treaties which prevent the use
     of CS gas in warfare.  If the United States could not morally use
     CS gas against Saddam Hussein and his troops, why is it morally
     acceptable to use the same agent against citizens of our own land?

15.  On April 21, FBI spokesmen state that at least 3 bodies discovered
     in the complex had bullet wounds to the head indicating they had
     been murdered or had committed suicide.  On April 22, the county
     coroner claims he knows nothing about any bodies found with bullet
     wounds to the head.  Were any of the victims bodies found within
     the burned out complex have bullet wounds to the head?
-- 
**************************************************************
* Ron Phillips               crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com *
* Senior Customer Engineer                                   *
* Intergraph Electronics                                     *
* 381 East Evelyn Avenue               VOICE: (415) 691-6473 *
* Mountain View, CA 94041              FAX:   (415) 691-0350 *
**************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54701
From: gardner@convex.com (Steve Gardner)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <C5y36B.8MG@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>For me, though, the black soot billowing outside the compound added with
>how fast the fire spread ponted to *someone* dousing large parts of the
>compound with some sort of gasoline or fire-starter. 
	Lots of house fires give off black sooty smoke.  And as far as
	the speed of the fire the winds were gusting to 30mph at least
	that day.  I guess you're forgetting the way Oakland and Berkeley
	looked back in 91.  Did those folks use accelerants?

						smg

	



 I doubt the Feds
>did that as they were more interested in arresting Vernon.  The real
>unbalanced one (at least the one that lost his cool) was Vernon, so
>I figured that he was more likely to do it (after all he was Jesus 
>being persecuted by the authorities, and had followers to hold onto,
>so made the decision.  He and his followers also probably felt that they
>were rocketing to heaven by doing this stuff).  Thsi conclusion, I came
>to after umpteen million hours of listening to NPR and other radio
>shows (I always have the radio going when I am in my office on some
>innocuous talk-show or news program as background noise).
>
>
>-- 
><><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
><>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
><><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54702
From: porges@beretta.camb.inmet.com (Don Porges)
Subject: Re: JFFO has gone a bit too far


Having read the posted long article by JPFO, I have some observations:

1.  This article does NOT claim that the GCA of 1968 is a "verbatim 
translation" of a Nazi law.  What it says is that in another place --
the book they're talking about -- they compare the two things section
by section.  The implication is that the similarities are devastating.
In the next sentence, they talk about how in that book they reproduce 
the German text of the Nazi law, together with its translation.  Not 
surprisingly, a reader could easily conflate these two things into a 
single idea:  that the American GCA is a literal translation of the Nazi
law; and sure enough, that's what the whole thing has mutated into, 
urban-folklore style.

2.  The article goes to great pains to establish that Senator Dodd had a 
copy of the Nazi law, either from his time on the Nurnberg prosecution 
team or later.  This fact is considered highly incriminating, but I don't 
understand why.  The author repeats several times that he is simply unable 
to imagine how anyone could come into possession of the original text; and 
yet in a paragraph towards the end, he explains it perfectly:

"If Dodd got his copy of the original German text of the Nazi Weapons
Law during his time at Nurnberg, it likely was part of a collection of
documents, for example, issues of the Reichsgesetzblatt [the German
law registry]."

Bingo.  Exactly.  

Dodd had a *book*, with a series of Nazi laws in it, including the one
under discussion.  All of the stuff about "Why would a U.S. congressman
have a copy of a Nazi law?" melts away, by the author's admission.  He
then continues:  "But if he acquired the original German text of the 
Nazi Weapons Law after his service at Nurnberg, he must have done so 
for a very specific reason..."  But there's absolutely no reason to 
think that this is the case.  In fact, as a "senior member of the U.S. 
team that helped to prosecute Nazi war criminals", it seems to me that
he would have *had* to have a copy.  All arguments about whether 
the Nazi Weapon Law is really of historical interest (as it obviously
is, certainly according to the author here), or whether Dodd personally
prosecuted the Interior Minister who signed it, can be put aside as red 
herrings.

3.  Having established that Dodd owned a copy of the original German text, the
JPFO article then tries to draw sinister implications from the fact that he 
asked to have it translated.  The problem is, in the context of the charge 
levelled at Dodd, these two things work *against* each other.  People ask 
to have things translated when they *don't know what they mean*.  If Dodd 
took it upon himself to preserve the Nazi law with idea of someday introducing 
it into American law, surely by 1968 he would have know what it *meant*, 
wouldn't he?
    Anyway, this precise charge -- the main one that I questioned in an earlier
posting -- is just silly.  Why would Dodd need the exact translation for this
purpose?  Is the idea that the gun controllers, despite being presumably bent
on disarming the populace with the goal of eventually destroying all civil
liberties, needed a crib sheet?  Didn't they have any idea how to do it
on their own?
    Once again, the author provides a perfectly acceptable answer to his
own question: "Dodd may have offered his copy of the Nazi Weapons Law
to show that the specific proposal did not resemble anything in the 
Nazi law."  In fact, since the law and its translation *were* entered
into the Congressional Record, under the heading of documents "concerning
the history of Nazism and gun confiscation", Dodd's motivation isn't a 
mystery:  he asked for the translation in order to put it in the CR.

4.  Even this article makes it clear that the part of the Nazi law that
was added *by* the Nazi regime is only a small part of that law.  
Registration of guns, for instance, was begun in 1928, and thus NOT
a "Nazi-inspired" idea.  The parts of the Nazi law that parallel the 
1968 GCA include handgun control of some sort, and the identification 
of certain weapons as sporting weapons.  The JPFO then goes on to list 
other parts of the Nazi law, forbidding ownership of weapons by Jews;
of course, there are no such provisions in the American GCA.  Nevertheless,
in a rhetorical move guaranteed to muddy the waters, immediately after the 
discussion of the anti-Jewish parts of the law, the JPFO article continues, 
"Given the parallels between the Nazi Weapons Law and the GCA'68..." -- so 
as to get maximum emotional mileage out of that aspect of the law.
-- 
					-- Don Porges
					porges@inmet.camb.inmet.com
					..uunet!inmet!porges

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54703
From: gress@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (GRESS  JOSEPH JOHN  )
Subject: Re: With Friends Like These -- L. Neil Smith

In article <C5D05G.6xw@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca> papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod) writes:
>In article <1993Apr10.155819.18237@sco.com> allanh@sco.COM (Allan J. Heim) writes:
>>Look, if you can figure out a reliable means of keeping guns away from
>>bad people, while not interfering with good people, I think we'd all be
>>for it.  The problem is, the methods we're using now don't do the trick.
>
>Don't manufacture them.  Don't sell them.  Don't import them.
>
>Some guns will get through, but far fewer, and far less people will
>die because of them.  Hunting weapons could be allowed, of course, as
>long as they are big, and bulky, and require reloading after a few
>shots (how many times can you shoot at the same animal, anyways One
>assumes they are moving!)
>
>
First of all let's assume that you are right that fewer guns would make it 
in to the country, that sounds great (to those that see guns as inherently
evil) except then every one  of those guns would be in the hands  of someone
who obviously couldn't care less about following the law, after all they 
got the gun illegally, so is more likely to commit a crime with that gun.
Great then everyone with a gun is likely to use it in a crime, nice system.

Now  as to reducing the number of guns  coming into society by making it 
illegal to manufacture, sell, or import them in this coutry,  let me use
a parallel for empiric evidence.  The amount of cocaine in this country is
far less since its manufacture, sale, and importation was out lawwed.    If
that last statement is true then perhaps we should consider your plan.  This 
could also apply to drugs in general.

PLAIN OLD  JOE
>



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54704
From: fiddler@concertina.Eng.Sun.COM (steve hix)
Subject: Re: Your Evil Tax Dollars at Work, was RE: ATF BURNS RANCH ETC ETC...

In article <93112.230800MBS110@psuvm.psu.edu> Mark 'Mark' Sachs <MBS110@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
>In article <93112.153005MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU>,
>>From A.P. :  According to numerous accounts by those in the compound,
>>the fire was started by an armoured vehicle crushing a large propane
>>tank, and turning over numerous gas lanterns.

>Oh? Then why did the smoke and flames start from three different places?
>In particular, three different places where there were no APV's?

According to an AP report (from Texas, written by Jaime Aron) this morning,
in addtion to the gas pumped in by hoses from CS generators, canisters of
tear gas were thrown into the building from armored vehicles, one of the
canisters hitting a man inside in the face.

This was in the part of the article *before* going into differences in
the stories told by BD survivors and the gov't.

Tear gas canisters *used* to be able to start fires...





-- 
-------------------------------------------------------
| Some things are too important not to give away      |
| to everybody else and have none left for yourself.  |
|------------------------ Dieter the car salesman-----|

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54706
From: klm@gozer.mv.com (Kevin L. McBride)
Subject: The Holocaust Revisited

The U.S. Government's campaign of persecution and genocide against the
Branch Davidians was a resounding success.

Heil Clinton!  Heil Reno!  The Gestapo is alive and well and living in
Washington, D.C.

-- 
Kevin, who agrees that David Koresh was probably a first-rate nutcase
       but who firmly believes that the Bill of Rights guaranteed his
       his right to be a religious fanatic and that the government is
       guilty of violating his civil rights and of 1st degree murder.

       OK, which small, under-represented-in-congress religious group
       are we going to persecute next and are we going to torch their
       church with a rolled up copy of the Constitution?

       I think I'm going to be sick now. . .

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54707
From: jbs@rti.rti.org
Subject: Re: text of White House announcement and Q&As on clipper chip encryption

In article <strnlghtC5tr6D.n3n@netcom.com> strnlght@netcom.com (David Sternlight) writes:
>
>Though I agree this is not the place to discuss guns, I note in passing that
>a number of gun apologists seem to have ignored the words "well regulated"
>in their distorted interpretations of the Second Amendment.

What interpretations?  Just read it as it's written.
   "A well-regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free
state, the right of the people, to keep and bear arms, shall not be
infringed."

Where does it say "The right of the people to be members of a militia shall
not be infringed" or "The right of the militia to keep and bear arms shall
not be infringed?"  NOWHERE.


"Well-educated businessmen being necessary to the ability of the nation to
compete in the international marketplace, the right of the people to attend
schools shall not be infringed."

Would you "interpret" this to mean that only businessmen should have a
protected right to attend schools?  Why or why not?

  -joe

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54708
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Re: S414 (Brady bill) loopholes?


In article <shepardC5p2y6.GC1@netcom.com>, shepard@netcom.com (Mark Shepard) writes:
>Hi. I've just finished reading S414, and have several questions about
>the Brady bills (S414 and HR1025).

Good!
>
>1. _Are_ these the current versions of the Brady bill?
>     What is the status of these bills?  I've heard they're "in committee".
>     How close is that to being made law?

Not very.  Thanks to the filibuster in the Senate, things are backing up.  The
House judiciary  is going to start looking at our friends from the ATF, so that
bill will be held up a little, too.  NOTE: Things can change quickly.

>
>2. S414 and HR1025 seem fairly similar.  Are there any important
>   differences I missed?
>
>3. S414 seems to have some serious loopholes:
>  A. S414 doesn't specify an "appeals" process to wrongful denial during
>     the waiting period, other than a civil lawsuit(?)  (S414 has an appeals
>     process once the required instant background check system is established,
>     but not before).

I thought there was a correction process in both bills for both parts.

>  B. the police are explicitly NOT liable for mistakes in denying/approving
>     using existing records (so who would I sue in "A" above to have an
>     inaccurate record corrected?)

Very correct.

>  C. S414 includes an exception-to-waiting-period clause for if a person
>     can convince the local Chief Law-Enforcement Officer (CLEO) of an
>     immediate threat to his or her life, or life of a household member.
>     But S414 doesn't say exactly what is considered a "threat", nor does
>     it place a limit on how long the CLEO takes to issue an exception
>     statement.

Welcome to the world of "the privileged".

>True?  Have I misunderstood?  Any other 'holes?

How about no compulsion to allow purchase if there is no evidence against?

>
>4. With just S414, what's to stop a person with a "clean" record from
>   buying guns, grinding off the serial numbers, and selling them to crooks?
>   At minimum, what additional laws are needed to prevent this?

It is already illegal to do this.

>
>   'Seems at min. a "gun counting" scheme would be needed
>   (e.g., "John Doe owns N guns").  So, if S414 passes, I wouldn't be surprised
>   to see legislation for stricter, harder-to-forge I.D.'s plus national gun
>   registration, justified by a need to make the Brady bill work.

This is the "health" card.  Or so some "paranoids" claim.  I say that just
because you're paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you.   :-) 1/2

>
>Please comment.  I'm mainly interested in specific problems with the current
>legislation--I don't mean to start a general discussion of the merits
>of any/all waiting-period bills ever proposed.
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54709
From: fontenot@ravl.rice.edu (Dwayne Jacques Fontenot)
Subject: FBI is not stupid

hello,

I just want to make 2 points:

1) The FBI is not stupid. These people are chosen for their intelligence,
education, loyalty to the government, etc. They are given much intensive
training. So, to all of you who refuse to believe there could be any
conspiracy here, and say that the FBI was just stupid, I say I don't
believe it.

2) The FBI has acces to the latest in audio and video technology -- the
latest digital systems. The FBI can manufacture evidence. Need a tape of
Koresh saying, "light the fire", and you can have one. Need a thermal
imaging video of three people lighting fires, and through the magic of
computer graphics, you can have one. The thing is, manufacturing these
pieces of evidence takes time. So it may be a few more days before we
get to see them. Or maybe we just haven't heard any tapes or seen any
FBI video is because it is:
	1) classified
	2) too gruesome for our eyes
	3) lost/got coffee spilled on it

Dwayne Jacques Fontenot

BTW, I get my information from live video feeds. I read the papers too,
but almost everything in them contradicts what I have seen with my own eyes.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54710
From: fbrown@seaway.ssd.kodak.com (Frank Brown 726-0415)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r75n1INN97g@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:
>In article <dusek.735489223@shale> dusek@rtsg.mot.com (James P. Dusek) writes:
>> ccdarg@dct.ac.uk (Alan Greig) writes:
>> >or the cultists...) I think I'll quote the BBC quoting (actually voice
>> >interview) one of the two British survivors. He claimed that the fire
>> >started when the tanks caused an internal wooden wall/roof to collapse
>> >knocking over kerosene lamps and that they had no suicide plan.
>> 
>> 	If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
>> burning building?
>> 
>I don't know, why?
>
This is the AP story from Fri morning.

As the walls came tumbling down and tear gas filled the air, cult leader
David Koresh sprang into action. He left his third-floor bedroom and began
looking around the house, making sure women and children were secure and 
checking that everyone had their gas masks on properly. Within hours, the    
compound became an inferno. Nine Branch Davidians excaped.
   This is their story, gleaned from lawyers who spoke with six of them
who are jailed on charges that include conspiracy and murder. That day the 
six said a portable radio offered the only contact with the outside world    
since Koresh's right-hand man, Steve Schneider, ripped out the compounds's 
phone line after FBI agents called before dawn Monday saying this was the
cults last chance: Come out or prepare to get forced out.
    They kept their word. By dawn, tanks were battering the Mount Carmel
compound, punching for hours to creat holes for tear gas to enter. The BD
meanwhile proceeded with their daily routines. Strapped into gas masks, the
women did laundry. Others read Bibles in their rooms. The 17 children, all
under 10, remained by their mothers' sides. Still, it was hard to ignore what    
was happening around them. Each time a tank rammed the poorly-constructed building
it shook violently. Cult members dodges falling gypsum wallboard and doors.
Hundreds of gas canisters hurled in from the armored vehicles were filling
the air with noxious fumes. The flying canisters were more frightening than
the tanks. At least one man was hit in the face. The gas began filling the air,
driven by heavy gusts of wind coming through windows and the holes the tanks
made. Scattered throughout the house, the cult members made no efforts to
gather. Then the FBI sent in its biggest weapon -- a massive armored vehicle
headed for a chamber, lined with cinder blocks, where authorities hoped to 
find Koresh and Schneider and fire tear gas directly at them.
  Here the cult members' story diverges from the government's version. The
FBI says cult members set fires in three places. But each of the six cult
members, in separate discussions with lawyers, consistently gave versions
at odds with the FBI's account. They say the tank flattened a barrel of 
propane, spilling its contents. And as the tank thundered through the house,
it tipped over lit lanterns, spitting flames that ignited the propane and
other flammables. The home of used lumber, plywood, and wallboard tacked 
together with tar paper was vulnerable. The building erupted. Nine BD's
escaped jumping through windows and dashing through other openings. Others
died groping in the blackness.

Frank




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54711
From: malexan@a.cs.okstate.edu (ALEXANDER MICHAEL)
Subject: Re: BATF Acronym

In article <8110360@hpfcso.FC.HP.COM> cunniff@hpfcso.FC.HP.COM (Ross Cunniff) writes:
>diederic@spot.Colorado.EDU (Andrew Diederich) writes:
>>B. arely
>>A. dequate,
>>T. otally
>>F. ***ed!
>
>The one I made up last night was:
>
>	Bureau of
>	Assault,
>	Theft, and
>	Frame-ups
>
Try this one, a favorite around here:

Bureau of Assholes, Tightwads, and Facists.

And remember, they were created by the Infernal Revenue Code.

			--msa


-- 
Soon I discovered that this rock thing was true.  Jerry Lee Lewis was the Devil.
Jesus was an architect previous to his career as a prophet.  All of a sudden,
I found myself in love with the world, so there was only one thing that I could
do was ding a ding dang my dang a long ling long.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54712
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: HR 1276 ("A gun law I can live with!" :-)

In article <1993Apr21.200151.4937@dg-rtp.dg.com>, meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers) writes:
> >                                     A BILL 
> > To establish the right to obtain firearms for security, and
> >     to use firearms in defense of self, family, or home, and
> >     to provide for the enforcement of such right.

> In article <1qkshq$l39@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
> writes:
> [ ... ]
> >Maybe I'm too "religious," but when I see a bill to "establish a right,"
> >I wince.  Keep in mind, what the law giveth, the law can taketh away.

> Hey, guys.  You're absolutely correct, and well on the way to winning
> this battle ... and losing the war.  Yes, there are serious philosophical
> flaws in HR 1276.  Technical ones, too -- how'd you like to sue the Feds,
> lose, and have to pay _their_ "reasonable Attorney's fee" ... ?    :-)

> Still, I have one basic question:  compared to what we've _got_ is HR 1276
> (a) better, or (b) worse?  This one shouldn't even take you three guesses.

Compared to the Second Amendment?  I think it's worse.

The problem is, the devil is in the details.  You know, the Brady Bill
sounds like a "good idea" too, until you discover that there is NO check,
and that the police DON'T have to allow your purchase even if you check
out, and that you have NO recourse if they don't.

Are there any loopholes here?  I'm no lawyer, I can't be sure.  I
would have never noticed the second one mentioned above in the Brady
Bill, for example.

The more words involved, the more details.  What was that saying about
Abraham Lincoln requiring 200 words to free the slaves, and the modern
Congress requiring 3,000,000 words to describe price controls on rice?

> If there's a good enough show of support for HR 1276, maybe for a change
> _we_ could be the ones saying "it's a reasonable first step" ...

That only works with bad laws.  Good laws are like good computer programs.  
Quality has to be written in from the start, not added on later.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54713
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Photographers removed from compound

In article <C5wJFz.Bus@news.udel.edu>, roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
> >> I find this disturbing. 

> >Good.  Keep thinking critically.

> Dont' patronize me and I won't patronize you.

Feel free to patronize me all you like; I need the tips. :-)
Seriously, if you were insulted, I apologize.

> The most tiresome thing about this group is that so many people 
> tell others they are sucking up to the government when ever they 
> decide that something the government says is plausible and praise 
> them as independent thinkers whenever they find something the government 
> says implausible.

People are sucking up to the government when they decide that ONLY the
things the government says are plausible.  Especially if they refuse to
consider reasonable alternatives.

However, from what I saw plastered all over the TV news last night, it's
no longer necessary to be an "independent thinker" to depart from the
government's party line.  It looks like our "independent press" may 
actually be starting to be earn its clothes allowance.  This, to me, is
a good sign.  I hope it continues.

> Here's a clue.  Independent thinkers are able to come to either conclusion 
> depending on the circumstances.  Non-critical thinkers are the ones who would 
> always come to the same type of conclusion regardless of the circumstances.

Independent thinkers question authority.  In a situation where only one
set of facts are being presented, "coming to a conclusion" is not the 
hallmark of an independent thinker unless it's coupled with the ability
to challenge those "facts" critically.  The scientific method consists
of more than choosing the popular hypothesis; it's even more than choosing
between two hypotheses that other people have proposed.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54714
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Your Evil Tax Dollars at Work, was RE: ATF BURNS RANCH ETC ETC...

In article <93112.230800MBS110@psuvm.psu.edu>, Mark 'Mark' Sachs <MBS110@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
> I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem eager to believe
> a murderous, heavily-armed religious cult, despite much evidence to the
> contrary.

Murderous, huh?  Yeah, there was all sorts of carnage going on there in
the 60 YEARS they were there -- BEFORE the government assaulted them.
Oh, I forgot -- you probably consider self-defense as murder.

> Thought Experiment: Suppose this exact same thing happened under
> the Bush administration. What would your answer be then? Would you still
> prefer to believe the cultists?

Damn right.  This is not a partisan thing; it's about individual 
liberties -- the right of a citizen to be left the hell alone.

> (No, I don't really expect a response to that challenge.)

That's another indication that you don't understand the issue.

> So is there any particular reason the gummint decided to slaughter eighty
> people? Are they, like, just plain evil, or what? Did they just wake up
> one day, stretch and yawn, and throw a dart at a map of the United States
> to figure out who to oppress that day? I'm eager to know.

Maybe they said:

"Our appropriations are coming up soon.  We need a good PR boost.  Let's
find a socially unpopular group who happen to have a lot of guns, go in
like gangbusters, be heros, and have the local media get it all on video 
tape.  Then we won't have to worry about our budget until next year."

> Does [Bill Clinton] look good in a cape?

Why don't you knit one to match his jogging outfit?
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54715
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1993Apr23.152549.8169@starbase.trincoll.edu>, () writes:
> In article <1r5rnn$rdt@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>, bu008@cleveland.Freenet.Edu

> > Perhaps you've been under a rock the last few days?  The BATF and the FBI
> > are both federal agencies.  Clinton has admitted in front of news cameras
> > that Janet Reno (the once and future Attorney General) gave him a full
> > briefing of what was planned *before* they did it, and he gave her the
> > go ahead.

> > Maybe, just possibly, that makes him a *teensy* bit responsible?

> Perhaps you've been under a rock since, say, the turn of the century. How
> in the #$^& is one man supposed to review every single freaking
> governmental action, every day? That's why we have an executive branch. HE
> reviewed the plan and said "go," but he wasn't the architect and he wasn't
> there, bullhorn in hand, implementing it. Yes, he was responsible in the
> sense that he was briefed. So what! Shit happens. 

Hey, joe -- assuming you're old enough to remember it -- how did you feel
about presidential responsibility every time Reagan said "I don't recall" 
about his arms-for-hostages meetings with the Ollie North gang?

How did you feel about it when Bush said he "was out of the loop on that
decision" when he was right there in the thick of it?

Oh, right.  "He was responsible in the sense that he was briefed, but so
what -- shit happens!"  Is that what you said?

> joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54718
From: wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu> green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green) writes:
>Just to shed some light on the fire, it was widely reported (AP, etc.) that
>there WERE several witnesses to BD folks starting the fires.  It has also
>been reported that the fires broke out in several places at once, which
>rules out a Bradley knocking over a lamp, etc. as the cause.

The only folks claiming this are the ATF/FBI who have an interest in
putting the blame on the BD's. Wake up.


>What I would like to see is some serious discussion of this incident.  I
>believe the moves made were right and proper, but I still have some problems
>with some of the tactics.  After watching the ABC special on it tonight, as
>well as CNN and Nightline, I question some of the ATF and FBI actions.

Right and proper? How? It was FUBAR from day 1.

>1) Could it have been possible to have taken Koresh outside the compound at
>some time before the Feb. 28th raid?
>
From all independent sources. Yes. 

>2) Could a further wait have resulted in a different outcome.

It would have hurt nothing to wait and the result could hardly have been
worse.

>3) Were FBI actions (blaring loudspeakers, etc.) the "right" course of action?

Sure, it you want to someone you claim is a dangerous paranoid even
more paranoid.

>And a few other questions.  Like I said, I believe the actions taken, in
>general, were proper.  But I still have some reservations.
>
>One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
>"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
>had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.

And what makes you think that "waffle boy" didn't tell her to take the
wrap. It was job preservation not "balls".
-- 
 +   Wayne J. Warf -- WWARF@ucs.indiana.edu -- I speak for myself only   +
 |*Clinton*Gore*CIA*FBI*DEA*Assassinate*Bomb*WoD*BoR*ATF*IRS*Resist*NSA* |
 |*Christian*God*Satan*Apocalypse*ZOG*Nazi*Socialist*Communist*Explosive*|
 +*fundamentalist*revolution*NSC*Federal Reserve*Constitution*gold*FEMA* +

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54719
From: strait@cheetah.csl.uiuc.edu (Jeffrey C. Strait)
Subject: Re: NRA address?

In article <7307@pdxgate.UUCP>, barker@rigel.cs.pdx.edu (James Barker) writes:
> Could someone email me a USNail address for the NRA? I'd like to write them
> a letter encouraging them to see to it VERY EMPHATICALLY that the 2nd
> amendment is restored to the form that the founding fathers intended.

National Rifle Association
1600 Rhode Island Ave. NW
Washington, DC 20036-3268
1-800-368-5714 (membership)

-- 
| Jeff Strait                       | strait@uicsl.csl.uiuc.edu        |
| University of Illinois            | PHONE: (217) 333-6444            |
| "If you ladies leave this island, if you survive basic recruit       |
| training, you will be a weapon, a minister of death praying for war" |

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54720
From: vojak@icebucket.stortek.com (Bill Vojak)
Subject: Question on Senate Bills

 I'm writting letters to my Congresscritters and was wondering if
 there is any reason(s) why I should NOT support the following
 Bills, other than the previous comments about S.458.  Just checking
 before I mail the letter to make sure I don't support something
 that I really shouldn't.

 -----------------
 I strongly SUPPORT the following laws currently being considered in Congress
 as they would either have a positive effect towards reducing crime, or re-
 enforce our Constitutional right under the 2nd amendment.

 * S. 441 (Campbell)	To amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a
			mandatory minimum sentence for the unlawful possession
			of a firearm by a convicted felon, a fugitive from
			justice, a person who is addicted to, or an unlawful
			user of, a controlled substance, or a transferor or
			receiver of a stolen firearm, to increase the general
			penalty for violation of Federal firearms laws,
			and to increase the enhanced penalties provided for the 
			possession of a firearm in connection with a crime of 
			violence or drug trafficking crime, and for other
			purposes.

 * S.458  (Smith) 	To restore the second Amendment Rights of all Americans.

 * S.488  (Specter)	To provide Federal penalties for drive-by shootings.

 * S.504  (Kohl)	To amend section 924 of title 18, United States Code to
			make it a Federal crime to steal a firearm or explosives
			in interstate or foreign commerce.


                                Bill Vojak
                                vojak@icebucket.stortek.com
				NRA, ILA,
                                Colorado Firearms Coalition
-----------------------------------------------------------------
 Here's a story, bout a man named Brady, who took a .22 bullet
 in his head.  Even though he can act perfectly normal, he
 prefers to pretend he's brain dead.

 Here's a story, bout a woman named Brady, who had nothing to
 do but sit around all day.  Then her husband became a media
 martyr, now she wants to take all your guns away.

 The Brady Bunch, The Brady Bunch, This is how we got stuck
 with the Brady Bunch. . . . .
-----------------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54721
From: kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??


In article <CMM.0.90.2.735315429.thomasp@holmenkollen.ifi.uio.no>, Thomas Parsli 
<thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
> 	1. Make a new Newsgroup called talk.politics.guns.PARANOID or 
> 	talk.politics.guns.THEY'R.HERE.TO.TAKE.ME.AWAY


Well, may I point out that paranoia is an IRRATIONAL fear, without basis
in reality.  As we've seen here in the US, there is nothing irrational
about it.  Perhaps you folks in Finland have been down on your knees
being good little boys and girls so that the former Soviet Union didn't
come across the border and stomp the snot out of you for so long that
you just figure everybody should be so accomodating to tyranny.


> 
> 	2. Move all postings about waco and burn to (guess where)..
> 
> 	3. Stop posting #### on this newsgroup


If you don't like us talking about political issues involving attacks
on people for owning guns, don't read talk.politics.guns.


> 
> 	We are all SO glad you're trying to save us from the evil 
> 	goverment, but would you mail this #### in regular mail to
> 	let's say 1000 people ????
> 	

Nobody's trying to save YOU from anything, so butt out.  I couldn't
care less about what somebody on the other side of the world thinks 
about this. Of course, you do have a right to an opinion...  but I've
always figured that opinons are like hemmorhoids.  Every asshole's
got them, I just don't care about yours. 



  **************************************************************************
*     I remember what I was doing         *    Bad boy, whatcha gonna do    * 
*  when I heard that JFK had been shot.   *        Whatcha gonna do         *
*  Will you remember the Battle of Waco?  *    when they come for you...    *
 ***************************************************************************
Ken Whitehead (kdw@odin.icd.ab.com)



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54722
From: cathyf@is.rice.edu (Catherine Anne Foulston)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

Could y'all PLEASE stop posting this stuff to tx.general.  tx.politics
is sufficient and is where this stuff belongs.  Thanks.

	Cathy
-- 
Cathy Foulston + Rice University + Network & Systems Support + cathyf@rice.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54723
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: The Dayton Gun "Buy Back" (Re: Boston Gun Buy Back)

According to WNCI 97.9 FM radio this morning, Dayton, Ohio is operating a
gun "buy back".  They are giving $50 for every functional gun turned in.
They ran out of money in one day, and are now passing out $50 vouchers of
some sort.  They are looking for more funds to keep operating.  Another
media-event brought to you by HCI.

Is there something similar pro-gun people can do ?  For example, pay $100
to anyone who lawfully protects their life with a firearm ?  Sounds a bit
tacky, but hey, whatever works.
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54724
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Re: Need Senate Bill numbers and House Resolution numbers

In article <C5u7Io.uMw@hawnews.watson.ibm.com> mjp@vnet.ibm.com (Michael J. Phelps) writes:
>
>Try the firearms archive.  Larry Cipriani's instructions follow.  By
>the way, thanks for the archive Larry..

There are a few bills not yet in the archive, but these are the main ones
we need to fight.  And thanks to David Robinson for scanning so many of
them in for us!

The subdirectory bills are stored in was moved from "congress" to
"Congress", that is:

godiva.nectar.cs.cmu.edu:/usr0/anon/pub/firearms/politics/rkba/Congress
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54725
From: j979@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca (FULLER  M)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...

In article <1993Apr21.040839.20574@ucsu.Colorado.EDU> fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary) writes:
>In article <1993Apr20.050550.4660@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca> j979@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca (FULLER  M) writes:
>>That the gas was "not harmful", as the sensitive, caring Janet Reno described 
>>it?
>
>Is it? As far as I know, tear gas, especially in large concentrations,
>is very dangerous (even toxic) for small children. This makes the
>FBI's supposedconcern for the safety of the children seem rather 
>hypocritical.
>

Not to mention that the G-men believed the children didn't have gas masks.

But that was not, with respect to the children, the point of the gassing.
The feds *knew* that the children's health would be in danger and proceeded
under the assumption that the "motherly instinct" of the Davidian women
would remove them from harm's way. I busted a gut on that one.

Someone else on the net observed that the administration's appeal to a
woman's "motherly instinct" would never wash with feminists and liberals
if a republican were in the White House. I say that such an justification
could *only* come from a feminist mindset. 

BTW - I'd read in the paper yesterday that the type of gas used was CS2.
The paper didn't provide any specifics about it.

"Guess I'm still writing..."
Malcolm Fuller, Surveying Engineering, University of New Brunswick
malcolm@atlantic.cs.unb.ca or j979@jupiter.csd.unb.ca              }>:-/> --->
_____________ Malo periculosam libertatem quam quietam servitutem ____________

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54726
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks
From: kmcvay@oneb.almanac.bc.ca (Ken Mcvay)

In article <C5wMp5.5u9@boi.hp.com> jeffw@boi.hp.com (jeff waldeck) writes:

>Where did you hear about the thermal imaging? I haven't heard this yet 
>(not that I doubt it, I'm just looking for sources...) 

This was reported in Canadian papers Thursday, 22 April - I _think_ the
source was UPI, but don't recall for certain.

>It seems to me that if they did have this kind of info, they could
>broadcast it and it would resolve (or at least help to resolve) alot
>of doubt in people's minds. 

>Personally, the way the (FBI/BATF/Reno/etc) is claiming all sorts of
>things without offering one shred of proof (other than their "good word")
>is very suspicious to me. A picture is worth a thousand words...

I understand that at least two goverment investigations have been ordered,
so we may learn more during their hearings. 

>I sincerely hope you are right and it turns out (with indisputable
>proof broadcast across our land) that the Government groups had nothing
>to do with the fire. But until I see such proof, I think it is just as
>likely that a tank did knock over a lantern as Koresh torching the place.
>The only "evidence" I have seen is a tank crashing through the front
>wall, withdrawing, and seconds later flames are seen (the first flames
>on the video) erupting from this very same spot. Coincidence? Perhaps.

Tough call without more investigation, but if the thermal imaging story
holds up, I think the government will be more credable... of course,
paranoia fans won't believe their results anyway, will they?

>If such proof exists, the Government should publish it and put all this
>speculation to rest.

Hear, hear! I'd also like to see the autopsy reports confirm news reports
that multiple victims were found shot (in the head), and in positions
inconsistent with fire victims. It is simply too early to draw conclusions
either way about this nasty incident, but I tend to believe the government
side.

-- 
The Old Frog's Almanac - A Salute to That Old Frog Hisse'f, Ryugen Fisher 
     (604) 245-3205 (v32) (604) 245-4366 (2400x4) SCO XENIX 2.3.2 GT 
  Ladysmith, British Columbia, CANADA. Serving Central Vancouver Island  
with public access UseNet and Internet Mail - home to the Holocaust Almanac

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54727
From: hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker)
Subject: Re: Hallam-Baker bashes tpgers (was Re: Welcome to Police State USA)


In article <1993Apr22.041542.11054@a.cs.okstate.edu>, kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT) writes:

|>From article <C5t9IA.6F9@dscomsa.desy.de>, by hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker):

|>> If anyone wants to understand the paranoid mindset of Koresh I offer you
|>> talk.politics.guns. There you can dredge the sewers of minds so hung
|>> up on power and ego trips that they bend reality arround their own
|>> particular set of beleifs.
|>
|>Just what the hell do you base that ludicrous claim on?  There are 
|>*plenty* of fine, decent people people who read/post to t.p.g.  If
|>any of these people are paranoid it is because of people like you.

Hey dude you are making me paranoid! What an argument!!!


|>> I long ago gave up arguing the case for arms control directly. Instead
|>> I invite people to ask themselves, would you want to be in a room full
|>> of the occupants of talk.politics.guns, their personal armouries and
|>> attempt to enter a discussion with them?
|>
|>I'd have a spot of tea with them. :)  You probably gave up on arguing the
|>case for arms control directly long ago because posters who *know*
|>what they are talking about (e.g., Frank Crary) disproved all your
|>arguments for why more gun control is needed.  So, you gave up because
|>you know they are right and you couldn't refute their answers.

No, Frank Crary's arguments are based on the assumption that most people
are sane, normal people. tpg disproves this of gun owners. USEnet as a whole
disproves it of humanity as a whole.

We now have proof positive that guns don't make you safer. Buy a lot of
guns and you either get shot in the no knock raid or get the FBI to burn
down your house. See even in the paranoid mindset of tpg there are good reasons
to support gun control.


Cuddles 'n kisses

Phill 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54728
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <9l15qxn@rpi.edu>, lswilfin@mercury.ral.rpi.edu (Lee S Wilfinger) writes:
> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
> 
> >Obnly something like 12% of guns used in crime in the US are purchased 
> >from legitimate dealers (and not necessarily by the person who used them
> >in the crime).  So we already HAVE that much "gun control."
> 
> I've seen this mentioned a number of times. I'm curious; what is the
> source for this statistic? 

The number bounces between 2% and 18%, depending on the study quoted and
the type of gun being studied.

Some cites:

---------------------------------------

A recent BATF study (titled "Protecting America, Yes") surveyed 471 career 
criminals and found that only 7% of guns used in violent crimes were
purchased from retail dealers.

---------------------------------------

National Institute of Justice
Research in Brief

November 1986

                        The Armed Criminal in America
                              by James D. Wright

(1) Legitimate firearms retailers play only a minor role as direct
    sources of handguns for adult felony offenders.

Only about one-sixth of the gun-owning felons obtained their most
recent handguns through a customary retail transaction involving a
licensed firearms dealer.  The remainder -- five out of six --
obtained them via informal, off-the-record transactions involving
friends and associates, family members, and various black market
outlets.  The means of acquisition from these informal sources
included cash purchase, swaps and trades, borrowing and renting, and
often theft.  The criminal handgun market is overwhelmingly dominated
by informal transactions and theft as mechanisms of supply.

---------------------------------------

INDEPENDENCE ISSUE PAPER No. 4- 91
Independence Institute
14142 Denver West Parkway #101
Golden, CO 80401 
(303) 279-6536

              WHY GUN WAITING PERIODS THREATEN PUBLIC SAFETY
                             By David B. Kopel

     The basic problem with waiting periods is shown by a Bureau of Alcohol,
Tobacco and Firearms study of gun dealer sales in Des Moines and Greenville.
The study found that about one to two percent of sales were to dangerous
criminals.[51]  In short, waiting periods have no statistically noticeable
impact on any type of crime because only a tiny fraction of crime guns
are purchased at retail by ineligible buyers.

51. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, Assistant Director of Criminal
Enforcement, Memorandum to Director, July 10, 1975 (Greenville survey; of
20,047 names submitted to FBI for record checks, 68 had felony convictions;
of those, 41 had not been represented by counsel at their conviction or who
committed crimes in the distant past; twenty-seven buyers were prosecuted)
(of the 1.3% of buyers selected for prosecution, .9% had non-violent felony
convictions, and .4% had violent convictions). Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and
Firearms, Assistant Director for Criminal Enforcement, memorandum to
Director, May 8, 1975 (of 374 records checked, 39 were purchasers with felony
records who were not appropriate for prosecution because of age or
non-violent nature of felony; six purchasers were prosecuted).

---------------------------------------

INDEPENDENCE ISSUE PAPER No. 12-91

                          THE ASSAULT WEAPON PANIC:
                      POLITICAL CORRECTNESS" TAKES AIM
                            AT THE CONSTITUTION

                      By Eric Morgan and David Kopel

     Testimony before Congress revealed that most "assault weapons" in the
hands of criminals were obtained through illegal channels.{97}  The testimony
is consistent with the National Institute of Justice's research findings
based on studies of felons in state prisons. The NU study, authored by
sociologists James D. Wright and Peter Rossi found that only sixteen percent
of criminals had obtained their most recent handgun from a gun store. (The
figures included purchases by legal surrogates, rather than directly by the
criminal.) Wright and Rossi, who had begun their research as firm proponents
of gun control, concluded that no set of controls on retail purchases, and
probably not even full scale gun prohibition, would reduce criminal use of
guns. Wright and Rossi suggested that lawmakers concerned about gun crime
directly target the black market in criminal guns, and
leave the legitimate retail market alone.{98}   Not surprisingly, Wright
believes that the consequences of current "assault weapon" legislation on
street violence are likely to be ineffective.{99}   He warns that gun
controls aimed at ordinary citizens are less likely to reduce the pool of
criminal guns than to provide organized crime with lucrative new
business.{100}

6.   _See, _e.g., The Anti-drug, Assault Weapons Limitation Act of 1989. S.
Rep. No. 160, 101st. Cong., 1st. Sess. 6-8 (1989) [hereinafter SENATE REPORT]
(introduced by Senator DeConcini to reduce semiautomatic firearms abuse by
drug traffickers and violent criminals); Roberti-Roos Assault Weapons Control
Act of 1989, CAL. PENAL CODE $$ 12275-12290 (West 1990) [hereinafter Roberti-
Roos]; MD. ANN. CODE art. 27 $$ 442,481E (1989) (placing greater restrictions
on 17 varieties of "assault weapons," and providing punishments for failure
to comply or attempts to evade).

97.  SENATE REPORT, _supra note 6, at 17.

98.  James Wright & Peter Rossi, ARMED AND CONSIDERED DANGEROUS: A SURVEY OF
FELONS AND THEIR FIREARMS (New York: Aldine de Gruyter, 1986).

99.  _Lock _and _Load _for _the _Gunfight _of _'89, U.S. NEWS & WORLD REP.,
March 27, 1989, at 9 [hereinafter _Gunfight]. Wright also said, "If criminals
can get all the drugs they want, they can get guns, too." _Id.

100. James Wright, "Second Thoughts About Gun Control," 91 _The _Public
_Interest (Spring 1988), at 30-3 1.

-- 
cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54729
From: nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

<34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
>Ah yes, I see a few liberal weenies have come out of the woodwork
>to defend the burning of the children.

    Actually all the liberals I've seen have deplored the burning of 
children. I would far preferred that the Davidians had not set the 
fire that burned themselves and their children to death, but I don't 
believe that the responsibility for the fire (or the almost complete 
absense of attempts to escape the blaze) can be placed at the door of 
the Federal authorities.

>Probably drooled all over themselves while watching the TV coverage.

    Not so. My wife got me a convenient plastic "drip pan" for Christmas...

>Probably had a few like that in Nazi Germany, as well.

    Yeah, those Nazis. You know how we liberals just love those Nazis.

>Oh yeah, ATF/FBI now claims, according the the media, that there are
>a few survivors. The number seems to vary minute by minute.

    Yeah, as information trickles in... funny how that works...

--
Nathan Engle                        Software Juggler
Psychology Department               Indiana University
nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu      nengle@silver.ucs.indiana.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54730
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Need info on 43: 1 and suicide for refutation

In article <1qmuv8INNl8s@dns1.NMSU.Edu> loki@acca.nmsu.edu (Entropic Destroyer) writes:

>The following is quoted from the tail end of a (rather condescending)
>article about Paxton Quigley, that appeared in US Snooze and World Lies,
>(sorry... i think it was in the wall street journal...)
>and was repeated in the Colorado (people's) Daily, a student newspaper
>at the University of Colorado at Boulder.
>
>"A study of residential gunsot deaths in King County, Wash., found that
>a gun in the home was 43 times more likely to be used to kill its owner,
                    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>spouse, a friend, or child than to kill an intruder.  

       The "used to kill" is the heart of the misinformation.  It's one
of those technically accurate phrasings that conveys the wrong impression.
What Mr. Quiqley is more than aware of, I'm sure, is that when people
read this they think violent arguments where one member of the family
grabs a gun and shoots another, thereby creating a tragic situation
which could easily have been avoided had the gun not been there, or
a tragic accident, especially involving a child.

       Unfortunately, that's not the way things stack up.  The majority
of that 43 "times" (37 I believe) are suicides.  That is, someone 
intentionally took a firearm and shot themselves intending to kill 
themselves.  And why it's popular to try and blame suicides on guns,
the evidence doesn't support this.  Internal studies, as well as
comparative studies with other countries, indicate that cultural
factors far outweigh whether a person will kill themselves or not.
(Japan, for instance, has a slightly higher rate than the U.S.  There
people jump off buildings.)

       According to the National Crime Survey, 40% of violent crime
is commited by "non-strangers," which mistakenly has been generalized
regarding the King County study to mean, "Friends and family."  That
is, Mr. Quigley, and others who quote this statistic, are banking on
the mental image that a "Friend, family member, or child," equates
to a loving relationship, and that it was cut short in a moment of
anger.  Unfortunately, all too often husbands beat and kill wives,
children assault parents, or vice-versa.  Most rapes are commited by 
someone known to the victim, for instance.  Essentially, that a gun
was used against a "friend" or family member doesn't mean they
weren't trying to hurt the other person.  Crime is highest among
poor urban families, and those are also the areas most "at risk"
for family problems, especially violent ones.  A son in a gang may
not be as loving toward his parents if they disapprove than a suburban
kid might.

       Finally, it hinges on the fallacy that a dead intruder is the
only value of a self-defense firearm.  Using the minimum figures I
worked out using the NCS I got about an 80:1 ratio between deadly
self-defenses (justifiable homicides) and with-gun self-defenses.
Between the FBI Uniform Crime report and the NCS there's an enormous
amount of data and anybody with the calculator can crunch the numbers.
As such it is incorrect to assume that a dead body is the only valid
means of determining the success of such a defense, since according
to the NCS (which has been considered by many to seriously under-report
defenses) there were far more successful with-gun defenses than intruders
killed.

       Not it also confines itself to the home, where attack by a "friend
or family member" is far, far more likely, and excludes any defense
which occurs outside the home.  (I believe a large number occur in
businesses.)

>Studies by the 
>Western Psychiatric Institute, in Pittsburgh, found that the mere presence
>of a gun in the home sharply incresases the likelihood a family member
>will commit suicide, even in the absence of psychiatric illness."

       I have not seen the exact data for this, so I can't comment.  I
will point out Canada's and Japan's suicide rate as indications that
culture far more than firearm availability affect suicide rates.

       There was also a comparative study between Canada (for what
it's worth, considering the difficulty of comparing across cultural
lines) published in the New England Journal of Medicine (I can get the
exact cite if you need it) that concluded that restrictive firearm laws 
would not significantly impact the over-all suicide rate.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54731
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <93105.165359U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>In article <1993Apr15.184452.27322@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU> andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:
>>>Hell, a Glock is the last thing that should be switched to.  The only thing
>>>that I know about a Glock is the lack of a real safety on it.  Sure there is
>>>that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety.
>>
>>Now we know that Kratz doesn't understand what a safety is supposed to
>>do.  (He also confuses "things he can see" with "things that exist";
>>Glocks have multiple safeties even though only one is visible from the
>>outside.)
>
>Excuse me but I do know what I safety is supposed to do.

Kratz comments above show otherwise.

>It's basic purpose - not to let the gun fire until you're ready.

Bingo - now the question is, does the Glock's qualify?  Let's see
the evidence that Kratz uses.

>Christ, I've known that since I had my first Crosman air gun.  You don't
>know me so don't make assumptions about what I know and don't know.

But first an aside.  Having an air gun proves nothing.  Moreover,
my comments are based on what Kratz writes.  He's free to argue that
he babbles in text but actually knows something off-line.

>>A safety is supposed to keep the gun from going off UNLESS that's
>>what the user wants.  With Glocks, one says "I want the gun to go
>>off" by pulling the trigger.  If the safeties it has make that work,
>>it has a "real" safety, no matter what Kratz thinks.
>
>From the things I have read/heard Glocks are always knocked because of the
>trigger safety.  They are supposedly harder to learn to use properly.

Harder than what?  I note that almost all revolvers work the same way,
so it can't be "harder than revolvers".

>Every article that I have read can't be wrong about the damn thing.

Sure they can.  (Moreover, we know now that Kratz' sample is
unrepresentative.)  We can look at the reasoning.  It is basically
"these Glocks are dangerous because they're not like my 1911/S&W third
generation."  Part of that is true, but since those same people don't
claim that revolvers, which share the relevant property, are
dangerous, we see that the argument fails.

>me to quote my sources because I don't keep a ton of gun magazines and/or

Why would I care?  I'm not looking for more bogus reasoning.

>rec.guns articles laying around.  Boy, you can't make a simple statement on
>here without someone getting right on your ass.

One can make hundreds of simple statements without having anyone
"getting right on your ass".  One merely has to make accurate simple
statements.  Then you get "attaboy"s by mail and publically.

Accuracy is a severe burden, but most of us manage it.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54732
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <93105.215548U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>>>I have been at a shooting range where
>>>gang members were "practicing" shooting.

>In article <1993Apr15.202811.29312@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU> andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:
>>How do "we" know that they were gang members and not undercover cops
>>or even law-abiding menacing minorities.  BTW - Why the sneer quotes?
>
>"We" know because the area that the gun shop/shooting range is in is right on
>the border of the west side of Chicago.  That is a gang infested area.

So?  Kratz was there - does that mean that he's a gang member?

Even in the most gang-infested areas, most of the residents ARE NOT
gang-members.

>that only minorities have gangs?  Not so.  As far as the quotes are concerned
>it was totally obvious that they weren't just practicing for marksmanship.

How was it obvious?  Were they not trying to hit the target?  Or, does
Kratz confuse "marksmanship" with "trying to simulate a post"?  If so,
that excludes self-defense shooting, but the rest of us understand
that that exclusion would be an error.  (It excludes a lot of legit
"gun games" as well.)

>don't know about you but I have never seen anyone else practice marksmanship by
>taking their gun out of their coat as fast as possible and start shooting.

Sounds like practical pistol or maybe IPSC.  It also sounds like how a
self-defense shooter might well practice.  The only things that action
excludes are hunting and "like a post" shooting.  Kratz should get out
more often.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54733
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

In article <1qkcok$s9i@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> ci946@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (John K. Gever) writes:
>Public health experts will tell you that you are far more likely
>have your gun stolen, use it yourself on a family member or
>have it used on you than you are to use it on an actual criminal.

Actually, they won't.  What they'll tell you is that if you add up the
number of suicides, murders of one drug dealer by another, legit
self-defenses of a battered spouse, and so on, you'll end up with a
number that is much larger than the number of self-defense killings
against strangers committed in the bedroom.  (BTW - they didn't
honestly count the latter either, but let's not quibble.)  They
try to claim that comparison is between the costs of self-defense
and the benefits, but they're wrong.

This comparison doesn't measure the costs of self-defense and it
doesn't measure the benefits either.  For example, the goal is not to
kill the attacker, whatever your relationship to him, but to stop him.
While the number of killings may be proportional to the number of
stops, it isn't equal.

Anyone who confuses that comparison with an honest evaluation
is either lying or....

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54734
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Government = biggest cult leader?

Look, folks, I don't know what happened in Waco.  I do not claim the BDs are  
angels, I never did.  Koresh may very well be the devil incarnate.  I just  
don't know.  But I do know that I must question any single source of  
information, such as we have here.  And I must question even harder given that  
it is single source at the insistance of that very government.  What ever else  
happened at WACO, that is perhaps the biggest evil done.  And even more so in  
light of the discrepencies turning up between the federal officials and the  
state officials.

But what I really don't understand is the hoards of devoted government  
worshipers who believe the government could not possibly do any wrong.  They  
are fanatic to the point of making things up, such as Brent's microwave oven  
disclaim of the BD's using fire for food heating.  

I am hard pressed to see any real difference between the claimed power Koresh  
held over the BDs, and the demonstrated power the government holds over those  
rapid apologists.


Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54735
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Hallam-Baker bashes tpgers (was Re: Welcome to Police State USA)

In article <C5yypo.EI2@dscomsa.desy.de>, hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker) writes:

> No, Frank Crary's arguments are based on the assumption that most people
> are sane, normal people. tpg disproves this of gun owners. USEnet as a whole
> disproves it of humanity as a whole.

Heavens!  Everybody but Phill is out of step!

> We now have proof positive that guns don't make you safer. Buy a lot of
> guns and you either get shot in the no knock raid or get the FBI to burn
> down your house. See even in the paranoid mindset of tpg there are good reasons
> to support gun control.

Once again, Phill lets us all know that might makes right -- but ONLY for
the all-sacred government.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54736
From: loki@acca.nmsu.edu (Entropic Destroyer)
Subject: Letter in Colorado Daily


The Colorado Daily recently reprinted the Wall Street Journal's article
on Paxton Quigley, including the nefarious little paragraph the Journal
tacked onto the end.  After recieving much assistance from various T.P.G.
type folks, I wrote a letter to the editor criticizing this last paragraph,
and surprise, surprise, surprise, they published it.  The text follows.
The Colorado Daily, btw, is the University of Colorado (Boulder) student
(I think) newspaper... not exactly a big coup, but every little bit, i guess...

(The title was the only thing they changed/added)

"Gun Stats"

The Daily recently reprinted an article from the
Wall Street Journal, primarily concerned with Paxton
Quigley, author of "Armed and Female."  The article,
in turn, cites a misleading statistic that was originally
reported in the New England Journal of Medicine.  The
article states, "A study... found that a gun in the home
was 43 times more likely to be used to kill its owner,
spouse, a friend, or child than to kill an intruder."  This
is an often-quoted statistic, and it is misleading for sev-
eral reasons, outlined below:

The study gives the impression that, if you own a 
gun, the likelihood that you will successfully use it to 
defend yourself is less than that of the gun being turned
against you.  The study, however, fails to take into
account cases where a law-abiding citizen uses a gun 
to thwart a crime, without actually killing the perpe-
trator.

The study actually refers to 'acquaintances' rather
than 'friend'.  This would include the friendly neigh-
borhood thug who shows up like clockwork, every
month, the second your grandmother cashes her social
security check.  Possibly an acquaintance, but hardly a
friend.

The NEJM study is based on the immediate dis-
position of cases and fails to take into account cases
originally filed as homicides that were later ruled to be
self-defense.  Especially considering the small sample 
size (396), taking these events into account has a sub-
stantial effect on the 43:1 ratio quoted.

Criminologist Gary Kleck gives us a slightly dif-
erent statistic: a gun is 33 times more likely to be 
used, successfully, by a private citizen against an 
aggressor than it is to kill anyone at all.  Further, per-
sons defending themselves from aggression by using a 
gun fare better than those who resist vicimization by
some other means, or who offer no resistance at all.
Statistics available from the FBI and other agencies 
also show that a gun is 245 times more likely to be
used by a non-criminal to defend against criminal threat
than to be used to commit criminal homicide, 535 times
more likely to be used to defend against a criminal
threat than to accidentally kill anybody, and 50 times
more likely to defend against criminal threat than to be
used to commit suicide.

It is well to keep in mind that nearly anything can 
be proved by uncritical quotation of statistics.  One has
to consider carefully what questions were asked by
those gathering the data before one can draw an accu-
rate conclusion from them.

D.F. Taylor
CU Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry


--
Spooksmoke: Revolution, Assasination, Thorium, Cobalt-60, Clintin, CIA, NSA, SHC
  DoD #202 / loki@acca.nmsu.edu / liberty or death / taylordf@ucsu.colorado.edu 
                 Send me something even YOU can't read...
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.2

mQCNAitfksQAAAEEAKceEjWI9f5KMJyKP0LOgC5dGHRpbMY2xhOo8kpEHMDyuf8a
1BfDQSj53kosTz6HRoshSDzLVuL1/40vPjmMNtFR+vyZ4jvd3rL4iuq2umMmex3M
itf3uLt8Xn/v/QAbsvhcFSHVJVK4Lf6wosuCMO03m2TiX31AI7VB0Uzo4yXjAAUX
tCREYW5pZWwgRiBUYXlsb3IgPExva2lAYWNjYS5ubXN1LmVkdT4=
=S5ib
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54737
From: meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers)
Subject: Re: The Ballad of David Koresh

In article <C5w448.2np@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> pwithere@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (patricia anne withered) writes:
>                        The Ballad of David Koresh.
[ ... ]
>At Concord and at Waco
>the tyrant's minions failed.
>Though they all died in the fire
>Koresh's people have prevailed. 

Good irony.  The Waco finale was on April 19, Patriot's Day.
On that day 218 years earlier, the militias of Concord, Mass.,
and other nearby towns repelled a gun-control raid by the
then-current Colonial government ...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54738
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??

In article <CMM.0.90.2.735383339.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no> Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:

>NOTE!!!
>My posting was in reply to those about FBI torching the plasce after
>filling it with napalm, and arrested people dissapering.
>
>[...]
>
>About Waco
>It looks to me as the BATF and FBI can't handle situations like this.
>The way it went reminds me of 'stun' bomb beeing dropped on a house
>in LA from a helicopter. (Whole block went up in flames, 5 died...)
>
>It doesn't HAVE to be a conspiracy, MAYBE they just screwed up ???

       I don't think we've got a conspiracy on our hands, or anything
vaugely similar.  I do think that the Feds showed a distinct lack of
both intelligence and disregard for others safety throughout this whole
mess.

       I do think the FBI and the BATF screwed up big.  What made me
really concerned was FBI director William Sessions being on CNN engaging
in what could only be called spin control before the place had even
cooled down.  Evertyhing had literally blown up in their faces and I felt
there had to be something more important he should have been doing...

------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54739
From: chuck@eng.umd.edu (Chuck Harris - WA3UQV)
Subject: Re: CNN for sale

In article <C5soMx.HMD@boi.hp.com> kde@boi.hp.com (Keith Emmen) writes:
>If anyone is keeping a list of the potential contributors, 
>you can put me down for $1000.00 under the conditions above

Seems to me folks, that if you are so interested in acquiring CNN, just
buy your $1000 worth of stock today.  It's being traded everyday.  After you
own your piece, we can work on the proxy votes later.  It's probably even a
good investment.

Chuck Harris - WA3UQV
chuck@eng.umd.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54740
From: whughes@lonestar.utsa.edu (William W. Hughes)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

In article <feustelC5tw49.7p5@netcom.com> feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:
>I predict that the outcome of the study of what went wrong with the
>Federal Assault in Waco will result in future assaults of that type
>being conducted as full-scale military operations with explicit
>shoot-to-kill directives.

You mean they aren't already? Could have fooled me.


-- 
                            REMEMBER WACO!
     Who will the government decide to murder next? Maybe you?
[Opinions are mine; I don't care if you blame the University or the State.]

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54741
From: PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <CMM.0.90.2.735386976.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no> Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:

>I don't remember the figures EXACTLY, but there were about 3500 deaths in Texas
>in 1991 that was caused by guns.....

       How about "firearm related."

>This is more than those beeing killed in car-ACCIDENTS!

       Texas is unusual in this regard.  It would be nice to reduce them
both, though.

       As Texas doesn't appear to have an murder rate that much higher than
the national average, I would expect it is a result of a much higher
suicide rate.

>*I* should not suffer because of others....

       Be nice if you didn't have to suffer at all.

>We all agree on this one, BUT we also live in a sociaty and therefor
>we'll have to give up *SOME* of our 'freedom' (Note the '').

       Here's where we run into a problem.  I am perfectly willing to
have government regulation on something which is likely to cause others
harm.  What we're discussing, though, is the extreme regulation of a large
group in order to target a small group, and I don't think that's
appropriate. 

>Do you have an insurance??
>Then you'll have to pay because of what others do...       
>
>Do you buy anything??
>YOU are paying for those who return goods, steal or even those who gets a bonus...
>
>Do you live with other people??
>Then you 'can't' do ererything you'd want (burping/farting playing music LOUD)

        Does this, then, justify anything?  At some point you have to draw
a line (at least to my way of thinking) where the government must have
something a little more substantial than a set of percentages with which
to punish an individual.

        Where do *you* draw the line?  Or is there one?

>One state (don't remember which, Texas??) tried to impose a rule that you could
>only buy ONE gun each MONTH. Think you all know what happened.....

        Virginia.  It passed.

>I respect the right to defend yourself, but that right should not inflict on
>other people.

        Does it?

>It seems like you all realize that you have a problem in America, the only
>problem is that you won't take the car away from the drunk driver, you 
>hope to cure him first.

        Cute analogy. 

        The U.S. doesn't treat drunk driving like a serious crime.  However,
we also don't confiscate cars of people who drink.  We also don't confiscate
*all* cars because some people drink and drive.  It's the core of the legal
system that in order to punish an individual (and I'd call property
confiscation a punishment) you must have evidence against that individual.
That is, it isn't enough to show that the majority of people convicted of
murder are white  in order to convict a particular white guy of murder.

>Hope life comfirms to the standard of Winnie the Poh.

        Huh?
------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54742
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

In article <1993Apr23.151855.7011@starbase.trincoll.edu>  () writes:
> In article <1r6p8oINN8hi@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
> Arras) wrote:
> >  
> > I have not made up my mind about Waco, but there sure seems to be a group  
of  
> > devoted government following fanatics willing to believe whatever that  
> > government wants to tell them, without any shred of doubt, nor thought of  
thier
> > own.  They sure get shrill whenever their belief structure is being shaken.
> > 
> > Kinda reminds you of the BDs, doesn't it?
> > 
> > Jim
> 
> Go to hell. I'm no "government [-] following fanatic." Your sweeping
> generalizations evince your own ignorance. 

Eloquently, if somewhat shrilly, put.  

> What were they supposed to do?  Just let him be? 

Well, why not?

> Fuck him. Fuck the ATF, too. They should've done it right
> the first time.

You have a way with words.  And you sure get shrill on cue.
> 
> joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54743
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r9bfc$bm1@eagle.natinst.com> chrisb@natinst.com (Chris Bartz)  
writes:
> In article <1r8vg9$rl5@bigboote.WPI.EDU> mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael  
Frederick Rhein) writes:
> >># >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
> >
> >for heating purposes because of the weather in Texas.  Everyone now claims 
> >that it was for cooking.  Stop and think about this.
> 
> This whole thread is rediculous.  Who cares if they had a stove going
> or not.  Does it matter if they had a stove burning, or lanterns
> burning, or candles burning, or someone smoking, etc, etc, etc.  The
> premise is that the FBI was filling the house with napalm so that it
> would catch fire.  This is crazy.  FBI was NOT PUMPING NAPALM into the
> Davidians home.  You will have to have pretty damn strong evidence to
> convince me of that.
> 
> I can believe mass suicide/murder by Koresh.  I can believe an
> accident by the Davidians.  I can believe an accident by the FBI.  I
> can easily believe mass stupidity on all sides but I can not believe
> that the FBI lit this fire intentionally.  No way.
> 

I tend to agree, but I would like a better explanation of why the FBI stopped  
the firetrucks at the gate.  I saw this in realtime.  It concerns me that the  
FBI "appeared" to not be too interested in stopping the fire after it started,  
and actually started flying hueys around the compound, which had to add in some  
small part to the winds driving the fire.

> -- 
> -- chris bartz (chrisb@natinst.com)
Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54744
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: Impeach Clinton, Reno


 >   I HEARTILY agree.  Now that the BATF warrant has been 
  >   unsealed, it is CLEAR that Clinton and Reno supported an
   >  ILLEGAL raid.  Did they not KNOW this?



>     NO authority for a 'no-knock" raid
 >    NO authority to use helicopters.
>     NO authority to search for a "drug lab"

>    And, apparently, not even any authority to search for "automatic
>    weapons".

>     51 days of GOVERNMENT LIES.

	Sorry, I missed all this!  Can you please give an update on
	the warrant?  I hadn't heard that it was unsealed.  There
	was no authority for a "no-knock?"  This is news.  How about
	an OK for a wiretap?

	Please summarize!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54745
From: emcguire@intellection.com (Ed McGuire)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

In <C5wI8x.Cqs@skates.gsfc.nasa.gov> dsc@gemini.gsfc.nasa.gov (Doug S. Caprette) writes:

>Can anyone cite an example in which this defense was successful?
>How about a source for this?

Please take this thread out of "tx.politics.talk.politics.guns" which does
not exist.  How about "tx.politics,talk.politics.guns" instead, eh?
-- 
Ed McGuire                   1603 LBJ Freeway, Suite 780
Systems Administrator/       Dallas, Texas 75234
 Member of Technical Staff   214/620-2100, FAX 214/484-8110
Intellection, Inc.           <ed@intellection.com>

<1993Apr3.071631.9811jp@tygra.Michigan.COM>:  "I run an anonymous server and
it is STAYING FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE, which should be about 55 years."

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54746
From: "Paul Hager" <hagerp@cs.indiana.edu>
Subject: Re: Your Evil Tax Dollars at Work, was RE: ATF BURNS RANCH ETC ETC...

Mark 'Mark' Sachs <MBS110@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:

>In article <93112.153005MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU>,
><MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU> says:
>>From A.P. :  According to numerous accounts by those in the compound,
>>the fire was started by an armoured vehicle crushing a large propane
>>tank, and turning over numerous gas lanterns.

>Oh? Then why did the smoke and flames start from three different places?
>In particular, three different places where there were no APV's?

This claim hasn't been retracted or contradicted yet, as many earlier
government claims have?  At least one clip showed a fire erupting
after a tank busted in a wall.  We have unsubstantiated claims by
the government about the FLIRs spotting "simultaneous" fires.

>And if the government did start the fire, then why weren't people trying
>to get out of the compound?

That's easy.  Six hours of CS gas, heavy smoke from a rapidly spreading
fire, confusion, panic.  Only 10% got out.  The building was collapsing
all around them and finding the way out was a matter of luck.

>And besides... oh, I don't know why I'm even bothering.

The Davidians may have committed suicide, or some few zealots among
them might have started the fires -- that is possible.  But, given
the government's earlier inability to tell a straight story, I find
my above scenario equally possible.  I wait for some independent
investigation to look into the whole thing.

It would be one thing if the government spokespeople had been
consistent and forthright throughout.  Keeping the press far away
and ghettoized in "pools" was not conducive to building up trust.
Sealing the warrants was non-optimal, as well.  This operation
was out of control from the git-go.

>>I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem willing to accept
>>the governments story, despite much evidence to the contrary.

>I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem eager to believe
>a murderous, heavily-armed religious cult, despite much evidence to the
>contrary. Thought Experiment: Suppose this exact same thing happened under
>the Bush administration. What would your answer be then? Would you still
>prefer to believe the cultists?

Speaking only for myself, I think Bush and Reagan should have been
impeached over Iran-Contra.

In 1979, I would probably have given the benefit of the doubt to
the government.  No more.  Like I said, I'll wait to see the
results of an independent investigation -- if there is one --
before I choose whom to believe.

>(No, I don't really expect a response to that challenge.)

But you got one, anyway.

>>But then
>>again, that is how Mr. Clinton was elected, by people who believe that
>>his campaign promisses would be respected by him once he got into office.

>Um, isn't that how all politicians are elected?

I generally vote for the lesser of two evils.  This last time, it
was the least of three evils.

>>If people will believe that of any politican, it is little wonder they
>>will believe all of the factoids being given out as fact by the
>>Clinton/Reno/FBI/BATF confederation.

>So is there any particular reason the gummint decided to slaughter eighty
>people? Are they, like, just plain evil, or what? Did they just wake up
>one day, stretch and yawn, and throw a dart at a map of the United States
>to figure out who to oppress that day? I'm eager to know.

It was a bureaucratic execution.  Out of control bureaucracies driven
by percieved self-interest and gross stupidity.

>And does Bill Clinton have cooler theme music than Darth Vader? How is he
>on diabolical laughter? Does he look good in a cape? These things MUST be
>investigated. You first.

Clinton is just another statist.  My only problem with Clinton on this
is that he is apparently willing to blindly back the ATF and FBI.

>   "...so I propose that we destroy the moon, neatly solving that problem."
>[Your blood pressure just went up.]        Mark Sachs IS: mbs110@psuvm.psu.edu
>   DISCLAIMER: If PSU knew I had opinions, they'd try to charge me for them.
-- 
paul hager		hagerp@moose.cs.indiana.edu

"I would give the Devil benefit of the law for my own safety's sake."
                       --from _A_Man_for_All_Seasons_ by Robert Bolt

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54747
From: pspod@hooch.lerc.nasa.gov (Steve Podleski)
Subject: Re: Waco, they did it.    ( MASADA )

fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary) writes:
>msn@reef.cis.ufl.edu (Mike 'HK G3ZF Full-Auto' Newsome) writes:
>>> I'm sick to my stomach as I write this.  The BD compound
>>> is on fire, and will burn to the ground in minutes.
>I used exactly this one-word reply, to suggest a likely ending to
>the siege several weeks ago. But like Masada, this wasn't entirely
>a government action: The defenders held out as long as they could,
>and then killed themselves, their families and their children 
>rather than surrender. Israel calls the action of the Zelots
>"heroic", and trains their army to follow this example. Now that 
>someone has repeated this action in modern times, what do we call it?

Liberals and supporters of Clinton say that costs made the action 
necessary.

-- 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Steve Podleski			|     phone: 216-433-4000
NASA Lewis Research Center     	|    
Cleveland, Ohio  44135         	|     email: pspod@hooch.lerc.nasa.gov 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54748
From: dusek@rtsg.mot.com (James P. Dusek)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:
><34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
>>In article <1r2d2rINNa7e@hp-col.col.hp.com>, dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff) says:
>>>NUT CASE PANICS!!REALIZES HE'S MADE A COMPLETE FOOL OF HIMSELF IN FRONT OF
>>>THOUSANDS OF NETTERS!!!BACKS AWAY FROM EARLIER RASH STATEMENTS!!!!GOD HAVE
>>>MERCY ON HIM!!!!
>I thought we were discussing Koresh here, not President Clinton.
>Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

	Dave 1 Clinton 0

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54749
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks
From: steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu (Jason 'Think!' Steiner)

> Go to hell. I'm no "government [-] following fanatic." Your sweeping
> generalizations evince your own ignorance. What were they supposed 
> to do? Just let him be?

once upon a time, that's exactly what they would have done & everyone
could have just gone on living a peaceful (if well armed) life. what
is it that makes people think they have the right -not- to just leave
others be?

jason

--
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`
`,`      "Innocence, joy, and squeezable fun for everyone" - TOYS       `,`
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,` steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu `,`,`,`

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54750
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1993Apr23.153005.8237@starbase.trincoll.edu>  () writes:
> In article <1r6h4vINN844@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
> Arras) wrote:
> >   
> > You seem to make two points.  No one ultimately oversees the federal  
agencies  
> > you mention, and since Koresh "apparently" has a different view point from  
your  
> > Baptist upbringing, then he is not worthy of protection from religious  
> > persecution.  As to being the Messiah, is not Christ within us all?
> > 
> > Must be comforting to belong to a government approved religion.
> > 
> > Baptists are a cult, two, BTW, under most of the definitions in the  
dictionary  
> > of "cult".
> > 
> 
> I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
> and M-16's/AR-15's and banging/marrying thirteen yuear olds. 

I don't recall saying Baptists do any of that.  Though I suppose some do.  And  
none of them are listed in the dictionary as characteristics of a cult.  My  
mother stockpiled Campbells soup when it was on sale.  

> You're a sorry
> son of a bitch if you can't draw a distinction between these two things.

You are an intolerent, foul-mouthed human.  You sound like you are ready to  
join the KKK or neo-nazis, with a narrow mind like yours.

> People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend sociopaths
> who aren't deserved of it. Get a life and chill on the paranoia.
> 

Far from it, I defend the rights of anyone to be different under our  
constitution, which was formed in part to protect religious cults which had  
been persecuted in England before migrating here to be free.  You are the one  
endangering our constitution.

> joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54751
From: dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung)
Subject: Re: Feds Caught in Another Lie

kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead) writes:
>Well, after 2 days of hearing that 3 of the BD bodies had
>been shot in the head (Horrors!  Another Jonestown! Crazed
>Cultists!  Child Abusers!  WHACKOS in Waco!), last night the 
>medical examiner was on TV and was pretty vehement in denying
>that ANY of them had bullet wounds...  he seemed just a tad upset 
>at the Feds for having spread that rumor.  

Funny, the medical examiner today stated that there was no
evidence ONE WAY or ANOTHER that there were bullet wounds --
not a single autopsy has been performed, so all reports are
deemed speculative.  INCLUDING reports that there were NO
bullet wounds.

>Before long, I think all the kneejerk government apologists
>are going to start getting pretty pissed off at how easily
>they were misled.

Before long, I think all the kneejerk conspiracy theorists
are going to start getting pretty pissed off at how easily
they mislead themselves.  Also, pretty disappointed at
being ignored by the coutnry.

-- 
 | The Koresh cult standoff is over ... may his victims Recquiescat in Pace |
 |                                                                          |
 |                    (the above is a net.moment of silence)                |
 Daniel A. Hartung  --  dhartung@chinet.chinet.com  --  Ask me about Rotaract

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54752
From: dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung)
Subject: ABC Confirms Two Points of FBI's Version


Well, the question of why fire equipment took so long to reach the 
compound has been answered. ABC aired a report including the 911 tapes 
from Monday. The FBI called 911 within 4 minutes of the fire's breakout. 
Unfortunately, dispatch of vehicles outside the Waco city limits 
required approval of a deputy chief, who was not available (literally 
out to lunch?); the 911 operator desperately called around to local 
community volunteer fire departments to get something out there. By 
the time trucks arrived 27 minutes later, the whole complex was aflame 
and it was clearly too little, too late; there were just two pumpers 
and no water supply. The FBI made another call requesting a tank truck, 
but the Waco department apparently depended on hydrants and did not 
have one. Though clearly unwilling to risk firemen's lives in the 
line of fire, it seems they might have done so had there been sufficient 
equipment and water to make a difference.

They even aired a tape of a woman who called Waco 911 from Georgia 
asking if anything was being done. Civic-minded, but probably 
irresponsible; if everyone watching television did that, no local 
calls could get through.

ABC also aired the comments of an independent fire investigator who 
viewed tapes from more than one side of the compound (not just the 
standard "pool shot"), and agreed that the fire a) must have been 
started in at least 3 places, and b) must have had an accelerant 
to spread so fast.

Neither of these is conclusive proof that the Koresh crowd offed 
themselves more than the FBI offed them, but it's a heck of a lot 
stronger proof than some of the "theories" floating around the net.

Score 2 FBI, 0 Branch Davidians. Or is that -89 Branch Davidians?

-- 
 | The Koresh cult standoff is over ... may his victims Recquiescat in Pace |
 |                                                                          |
 |                    (the above is a net.moment of silence)                |
 Daniel A. Hartung  --  dhartung@chinet.chinet.com  --  Ask me about Rotaract

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54753
From: dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung)
Subject: Medical Examiner Says No Evidence for Bullet Wounds EITHER WAY

Apparently needing to clarify his comments from Thursday, Dr. Nizam
Plawaby (spelling?), the Medical Examiner for Tarrant County, Texas,
who has authority in the Waco deaths, stated that since no autopsies
had been performed, there is no evidence for bullet wounds, or 
evidence against bullet wounds.

Janet Reno also stated that she had never been told of bullet wounds
by anyone in the Justice Department.  

-- 
 | The Koresh cult standoff is over ... may his victims Recquiescat in Pace |
 |                                                                          |
 |                    (the above is a net.moment of silence)                |
 Daniel A. Hartung  --  dhartung@chinet.chinet.com  --  Ask me about Rotaract

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54754
From: dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

arromdee@jyusenkyou.cs.jhu.edu (Ken Arromdee) writes:
>gt5311b@prism.gatech.EDU (BHATTACHARYA,ABHIJIT) writes:
>>I doubt if Koresh had let the BATF have a look inside his place as they 
>>intended to do, "orchestrated character assassination, noise torture, and
>>a holocaust" would never have come to pass.
>
>Do you know what a "no-knock search with grenades" is?

Once again, Koresh closed the door on an agent with a search warrant,
and the door was then perforated by a rain of bullets from the
inside.

They shot first.


-- 
 | The Koresh cult standoff is over ... may his victims Recquiescat in Pace |
 |                                                                          |
 |                    (the above is a net.moment of silence)                |
 Daniel A. Hartung  --  dhartung@chinet.chinet.com  --  Ask me about Rotaract

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54755
From: belansky@rtsg.mot.com (Steve P. Belansky)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:

>In article <C5uHuo.Awq@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:
>>In article <nate.1485.735408842@psygate.psych.indiana.edu> nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle) writes:
>>>    Yeah, as information trickles in... funny how that works...
>>
>>Funny, yeah, funny how you didn't wait for the FBI spokesdroid 
>>latest reversal of "facts" before proclaiming the BD's burned
>>themselves to death.

>If you won't believe anything the government says, and the press
>is not reliable according to the same logic, then what do you base
>your statements on?  Wild speculation laced with a healthy dose
>of paranoia?

It is not a matter of dis-belief but a matter of which of their constantly
(and radically) changing stories we are to believe.

Steve B.

>-- 
><><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
><>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
><><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54769
From: hagerp@cs.indiana.edu (Paul Hager)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

kevin@axon.usa (Kevin Vanhorn) writes:


>In article <C5rpoJ.IJv@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>>
>> Two of the nine who escaped the compound said the fire was deliberately set 
>> by cult members.

>Correction: The *FBI* *says* that two of the nine who escaped said the fire
>was deliberately set by cult members.  Since the press was kept miles away,
>we have absolutely no independent verification of any of the government's
>claims in this matter.

Indeed.  Larry King had the two attorneys (whose clients are now
dead) of Koresh and another Davidian on his show last night.  Their
discussions with the survivors differ from the FBI account.  The
attorneys say that they were told that the tanks knocked over lanterns
in the compound which started the fires.

Government spokespeople have lied and contradicted each other 
throughout this whole affair.  I'll wait for some better evidence before
I form an opinion.
-- 
paul hager		hagerp@moose.cs.indiana.edu

"I would give the Devil benefit of the law for my own safety's sake."
                       --from _A_Man_for_All_Seasons_ by Robert Bolt

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54770
From: s5uapw@odysseus (Aaron Walker)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5toMp.24o@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
writes:
 
> And another survivor claims he heard someone shouting "The fire's  
started!".
> Odd terminology.  That's what one says when you know a fire is planned,  
not 
> when one occurs by accident.
> 

It's also what you say when you're waiting for the end to come in a 
"fiery apocalypse"...just a thought.

Personally, if the fire was set (by either side), I wonder about the
timing.  If Koresh & Co. set the fires, why wait through six hours of
wall-bashing and tear-gassing before starting; was there anything "new"
that happened just around that point?  Similarly, if the FBI were going
to torch the place (and fake it, of course), why wait so long, wouldn't
it be more "reasonable" to believe the BD's would set the fire early
after the assault began?  

The most plausible (to me) explaination is that of an accidental starting
of the fire by the tanks.  Among other things, I say that because I
was listening to the radio when the fire started and the reporter
(watching from a distance, of course) said that it looked like at least
one of the tanks had penetrated farther into the building than previously.
Specifically, he said that one tank apparently was halfway (half of
the tank's lenght) into the building where it previously had only been 
penetrating a few feet.

reserving judgement,
-Aaron

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54771
From: "Paul Hager" <hagerp@cs.indiana.edu>
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:

>In article <C5rrot.MMM@rice.edu> fontenot@ravl.rice.edu (Dwayne Jacques Fontenot) writes:
>>In article <C5rpoJ.IJv@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>>>In article <1993Apr19.184303.6205@stortek.com> vojak@icebucket.stortek.com (Bill Vojak) writes:
>>>>
>>>  [...]
>>>> 5) Point out that even if the fire was set by someone inside of the
>>>>    building, it came as a direct result of the actions of the FBI/BATF.
>>>>    And the people inside (including 17 children) deserved a trial, instead
>>>>    of this.
>>>
>>>Well they had over 40 days to come out with their hands up on national tv 
>>>to get the trial they deserved.  Instead they chose to set fire to their 
>>>compund hours after the tanks dropped off the tear gas.
>>
>>Correction: The FBI says that the Davidians set fire to their buildings.

>And I suppose the FBI also prevented them from coming out with their 
>hands up while national tv cameras watch.

Well the attorneys of the Davidians reported on Larry King that
the tanks had actually damaged the structure to the extent that
effectuating egress from the building was difficult at best.
With a rapidly spreading fire and large amounts of smoke and
tear gas, finding the right exits, or acceptible holes in the walls
were nearly impossible.  I find this explanation to be completely 
plausible.  Doesn't mean that it's true, but I don't find it
intrinsically less believable than the government stories.

>>The FBI also said that the Davidians had a methanphetamine lab in their
>>basement and that the Davidians had .50 cal machine guns.
>>
>>Do you believe everything the FBI says? 

>Do you disbelieve everything the FBI says?
>I balance my gut reaction to question authority together with the 
>independent facts as I see them on video.  I usually adopt the 
>scenario that is simplest and most plausible.  I do not generally 
>believe in conspiracy theories that involve complicated and unlikely 
>scenarios.

I concur.

>The BATF is by no means devoid of fault in the handling of this affair.
>But to suggest that they may have intentionally started the fire is 
>ludicrous.

Indeed.  According to the lawyers, the Davidian survivors say that
lanterns were knocked over during the "probing" and that's how
the fire started.  A tragic accident, if true.

>>Do you trust that snivelling little
>>piece of sh*t special agent Ricks? He seems to think he is a comedian, and
>>the media who laugh at his sick jokes are just as guilty as he, IMHO.
>>
>>>Up until now the BATF had been making me sick.  Today the people inside 
>>>the compound who set the fire made me sick.  Keeping the children inside 
>>>the compund when they should have been released earlier with the other 
>>>people weeks ago is absolutely inexcuseable.  Not releasing them before 
>>>deciding to set the place afire is the work of madmen.
>>>
>>>Two of the nine who escaped the compound said the fire was deliberately set 
>>>by cult members.
>>
>>Correction: The FBI says that two of the nine said the fire was deliberately
>>set by the sect members.

>If the fire were set by accident or by people outside the compound, I would 
>have expected far more cult members to flee the compound.  Or at least come 
>out shooting.

See above.  This one is going to be thoroughly investigated.  Maybe
we'll eventually get some idea of what happened.  My view is that,
from beginning to end, this operation was a botch and that it is
completely possible that nut cases who were otherwise law-abiding
citizens were victims of a bureaucratic execution.
-- 
paul hager		hagerp@moose.cs.indiana.edu

"I would give the Devil benefit of the law for my own safety's sake."
                       --from _A_Man_for_All_Seasons_ by Robert Bolt

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54772
From: tzs@stein2.u.washington.edu (Tim Smith)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter) writes:
>> Oh?  How about the press?  If the BATF & FBI were going to shoot people
>> leaving a burning building, don't you think they would get rid of the
>> press first?
>
>Oh, you mean something like moving the press back to a single
>location, 2 miles away from the "compound"?  The press was allowing

That doesn't count as getting rid of the press.  Getting rid of the press
would mean getting them far enough away so that they wouldn't be able to
see what is going on.

--Tim Smith

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54781
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

In article <1993Apr16.174436.22897@midway.uchicago.edu> pkgeragh@gsbphd.uchicago.edu (Kevin Geraghty) writes:
>wrong about the  whole guns-for-protection mindset, it ignores the
>systemic effects of cumulative individual actions.  If you want fire
>insurance on your house that's prudent and it has no effect on me; but
>if you and a bunch of other paranoids are packing handguns in the
>backcountry it makes me, and anyone else who doesn't chose to protect
>himself in this manner, pretty f**king nervous. 

Why?  If you're not a threat, you're not affected at all.

>I mean, take this to its logical conclusion, suppose we all carried
>handguns all the time, for protection from all the other people
>carrying handguns. Would we collectively be, or feel, safer? Hell no.
>We'd feel a lot more insecure.

Why?  I note that the available psych info says that feelings of
security INCREASE.  The victimization stats say that that increase
is rational.

>Another systemic effect of all the "good" people protecting themselves
>is that the "bad" people are going to modify their behavior in
>response:

Yes, they are, but how?

>they're going to be much itchier and much more willing to
>kill people in the course of routine muggings if they think their

Nope - that doesn't happen.  Instead the switch (among those who
change behaviors) to property crimes.  That's an improvement even if
the economic take is unchanged.  Sure - not everyone switches, but
they were killing before.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54782
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: Backcountry Confidence

In article <C5L02E.8GH@murdoch.acc.Virginia.EDU> rbw3q@rayleigh.mech.Virginia.EDU (Brad Whitehurst) writes:
>	The rest of us fall in the middle.  There IS too much violent
>crime in the U.S., but turning the whole country into an old-time
>Dodge City (ref. to American Old West) is not the way.

That's an interesting statement.  There's quite a difference between
Hollywood's "Old West" and the real one.  Yes, there were drunks,
saloons, mining camps, and thugs.  However, as McGrath showed, the
thugs preyed almost exclusively on one another.  McGrath claims that
this was due to the fact that no one much cared if someone who
insisted on getting into a fight got his way, even if he lost, while
they really did care when thugs preyed on others.

>citizens should be able to own weapons, but we see no sense in some
>types.

We haven't figured out that those distinctions don't actually work.
Machine guns have been strictly regulated since 1934.  Said regulation
is both perfect (legally owned machine guns aren't ever used
criminally) and a complete waste of time (the criminal use of machine
guns hasn't change at all).  The result - we're now arguing about
guns that LOOK like machine guns, but are no different than other
guns.

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54815
From: jagst18+@pitt.edu (Josh A Grossman)
Subject: Re: Dillon puts foot in mouth, film at 11


I have also heard about HCI claiming thant anyone they  get an address
from is a member.  If this is the case their membership rolls are
grossly inflated and we should not call them and give them a name
and address to add to their already false rolls.  Perhaps
if you could get a copy of their existing membership, then pretend to
be an existing member, do that several thousand times, you could
hurt HCI.  But names are power.  Remeber the NRA uses the fact
that it has 3 million paid members in order to flex its muscles.

Perhaps politicians don't realize the lying tactics of HCI, wait a
minute, HCI learned it from politicians....

Later,
Josh



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54816
From: clochmul@nrambr.chem.duke.edu (C. H. Lochmuller)
Subject: Re: Dillon puts foot in mouth...

# So the Blue PRess suggests that we bankrupt HCI by requesting information
# and the concern by list members is that HCI will claim everyone that calls
# as a new member.  I think they will. I also think they will claim a new
# MANDATE to ban all firearms from the solar system wheter we call and ask for
# information or not!
# 
# On the other hand, with due respect to the Editor of the Blue PRess, just
# becaue Mike makes damned good presses, dies, powder scales, and got tired of
# Lee's atacks DOES NOT MEAN THAT EVERY DILLON FAN FOLLOWS WHAT MIKE CALLS FOR
# LIKE HE WAS KARESH AND WE WERE TRANSDILLIDIANS! 
# 
# Our local State Assemblyman has called for a complete ban on all non-bolt
# action military rifles and all assault weapons, a 7 day wait for purchase
# permits { it currently takes 10 to 14 working days here in NC } and one
# permit/year. The flood of calls he got was 7 for and 3 against. Guess who
# called supporting his move? Guess what ILA is doing? Right?
# 
# CHL
# 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54817
From: hollombe@polymath.tti.com (The Polymath)
Subject: Re: Dillon puts foot in mouth, film at 11

In article <199304160443.AA25231@sun.Panix.Com> justice@Panix.Com (Michael Justice) writes:
}Dillon has published a letter in the Blue Press telling people
}"How to Bankrupt HCI" by requesting information from them.
}
}Last time this idea went around in rec.guns, a couple of people
}said that HCI counts all information requestors as "members".
}
}Can anyone confirm or deny this?
}
}If true, what's the impact of HCI getting a few thousand new
}members?

Last I heard, HCI had something like 250K members to the NRA's 3 million.
If true, and they want to play duelling mandates, well ...

The Polymath (aka: Jerry Hollombe, M.A., CDP, aka: hollombe@polymath.tti.com)
Head Robot Wrangler at Citicorp                      Laws define crime.
3100 Ocean Park Blvd.   (310) 450-9111, x2483       Police enforce laws.
Santa Monica, CA  90405                            Citizens prevent crime.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54818
From: yoony@aix.rpi.edu (Young-Hoon Yoon)
Subject: Re: JFFO has gone a bit too far

rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat) writes:


>|>Would somebody please post evidence that the gun control act of
>|>1968 is "a verbatim transcription" of a nazi law?

>|The "evidence" is that the two laws are basically identical.
>|However, that's not evidence that one is a copy of the other.

>|There's no evidence that the 68 GCA's authors used the nazi law as a
>|guide.  Yes, they ended up with roughly the same thing, but that comes
>|from their shared goal, disarming those menacing minorities.

>I thought the same thing too, until JPFO's RKBA article 
>in the latest Guns & Ammo
>at the newstands. This article makes it certain that Sen. Thomas Dodd
>(D-MD?) back before 1968 definitely asked for a translation of the 
>German weapons laws back then. Read the article, and see what you think
>of JPFO's argument. They note that Ted Kennedy and John Dingell are
>among the three of the originals left from the 1968 stuff, and they
>are asking that folks request of John Dingell that he introduce 
>legislation to lift GCA '68, something which I would support whole-
>heartedly!

>|-andy

Can someone post a general idea of what GCA '68 does?
Thanks.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54819
From: yoony@aix.rpi.edu (Young-Hoon Yoon)
Subject: Re: Constitutionality of 18 U.S.C 922(o)

brians@atlastele.com (Brian Sheets) writes:

>You know, I was reading 18 U.S.C. 922 and something just did not make 
>sence and I was wondering if someone could help me out.

>Say U.S.C. 922 :

>(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), it shall be unlawful for
>any person to transfer or possess a machinegun.

> Well I got to looking in my law dictionary and I found that a "person" 
>might also be an artificial entity that is created by government 
>and has no rights under the federal constitution. So, what I 
>don't understand is how a statute like 922 can be enforced on 
>an individual. So someone tell me how my government can tell
>me what I can or cannot possess. Just passing a law 
>does not make it LAW. Everyone knows that laws are constitional
>until it goes to court. So, has it ever gone to court, not
>just your run of the mill "Ok I had it I am guilty, put me in jail"

>Has anyone ever claimed that they had a right to possess and was told
>by the Supreme Court that they didn't have that right?



>-- 
>Brian Sheets		    _   /|  	"TRUCK?! What truck?"
>Support Engineer  	    \`o_O'    	 
>Atlas Telecom Inc. 	      ( ) 	   -Raiders of the Lost Ark
>brians@atlastele.com           U

I'm not a lawyer but to the best of my understanding, the Congress has no
more rights than what is enumerated in the constitution.  That is the 
prime reason why the National Firearms Act is based on collecting revenue.
Since the Congress has the authority to levy taxes, the NFA is a tax act and
the registration requirement within it is to assist in that tax collection.
U.S.C 922, in order to be constitutional, must have a basis on a particular
authority granted to the Congress by the Constitution.  Congress can not
arbitrarily ban a substance or product.  That is why prohibition came into
effect, only by passing an ammendment.   What you said about constitutionality
of law needs to be clarified.  I believe that an unconstitutional law was 
never constitutional.  When a law is determined by the Supreme Court, to be
unconstitutional, that law was never really a law.  The very nature of the law
being unconstitutional invalidates the law at it's inception.  Please correct
me if I'm wrong, but when a law is deemed to be unconstitutional, anyone
convicted of breaking that law is absolved.
   I don't believe U.S.C 922 has ever been challenged in court.  NFA has been
invalidated in two Federal District Court cases( one may have been appellate
level{ U.S. vs Rock Island Armory  and U.S. vs Dalton}).


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54820
From: jfc@athena.mit.edu (John F Carr)
Subject: Re: WACO burning

In article <C5wCyB.n1F@dscomsa.desy.de> hallam@zeus02.desy.de writes:

>Perhaps you consider that Hitler was not responsible for the Holocaust 
>since the allies could have done more to stop him?

Attention please!

According to the rules of usenet flame wars, once a discussion degenerates
to the point where Hitler is mentioned, that flame war may be declared
ended.  I would like to take this opportunity to do that now.  Clearly
further discussion is not useful with the current set of facts, and the
current name calling and invocation of Hitler's name is not productive even
by the standards of usenet talk groups.

If you must continue, please don't discuss this in misc.legal.  It's not
about the law.  If you would like to discuss the law as it applies to the
Waco incident, please ask questions of the form: "if the FBI started the
fire accidentally, who would be legally responsible for the deaths".

Note that followups are set not to include misc.legal.

--
    John Carr (jfc@athena.mit.edu)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54821
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Has the Pronpane Tank Been Found?

Much of the dispute about the origin of the fire that destroyed the
BD compound could be settled by examining the propane tank supposedly
crushed by one of the army tanks when they breached the walls of the
compound. If the the propane tank is flattened and has tread marks on it,
then the BD's version of the cause of the fire would seem to be
verified.

-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

The U.S. Government has become a garrotte around the necks of its
citizens.  Just as with a garrotte, the more people struggle to breathe
the air of freedom, the more the government tightens its stranglehold. The
only possible outcomes at this point are the death of government or the
elimination of personal freedom.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54822
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Re: Your Evil Tax Dollars at Work, was RE: ATF BURNS RANCH ETC ETC...

cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:

>In article <1993Apr23.162517.14029@hpcvusn.cv.hp.com>, kam@cv.hp.com (Keith Marchington) writes:

>That's another sad thing.  I'd expect this sort of shit from the BATF.
>But I'm goddamn disappointed in the FBI.  They used to be professionals.

Apparently you are unfamiliar with the history of the FBI. You might
try looking up articles from the 70's on the FBI's Cointelpro
operation for starters.
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

The U.S. Government has become a garrotte around the necks of its
citizens.  Just as with a garrotte, the more people struggle to breathe
the air of freedom, the more the government tightens its stranglehold. The
only possible outcomes at this point are the death of government or the
elimination of personal freedom.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54823
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Re: Waco Questions

16. What is the condition of the propane tank mentioned by the BD
survivors? I.e. is it crushed and does it have tread marks on it?
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

The U.S. Government has become a garrotte around the necks of its
citizens.  Just as with a garrotte, the more people struggle to breathe
the air of freedom, the more the government tightens its stranglehold. The
only possible outcomes at this point are the death of government or the
elimination of personal freedom.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54824
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: What if the Dividians were black?

In article <C5yEAB.HAC@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)  
writes:
> In article <1993Apr9.134525.21567@medtron.medtronic.com>  
rn11195@medtronic.COM (Robert Nehls) writes:
> >Kenneth D. Whitehead (kdw@icd.ab.com) wrote:
> >: oleary@cbnewsh.cb.att.com (brian.m.leary) writes:
> >
> >: > Questions for the media and the politically correct:
> >: > 
>   [...]
> >: > If the people in the compound were black and the guys in ninja suits
> 
> Some of the Davidians *are* black.
> 
> Next question?
> 

Still thinking you have all the answers, eh?

> 
> -- 
> 

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54825
From: ez012344@hamlet.ucdavis.edu (Dan Herrin)
Subject: Re: Your Evil Tax Dollars at Work, was RE: ATF BURNS RANCH ETC ETC...

Lord, I hope you don't Hoover was a pro! He was monstrous.

Dan

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54826
From: dale@access.digex.com (Dale Farmer)
Subject: Re: Raid justification was: Blast them next time

Rick Bressler (bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com) wrote:
<forgot to leave in his quote source>
: >What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
: >had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
: >compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.
The BATF is a part of the dept. of treasury, not justice.  If they needed
to assault a place they could just do like the IRS does...call in the
federal marshalls service, their fugitive collection teams do similar type
assaults all the time.  And they are very, very good about it, in both the
tactical and legal parts of it.  But I suspect that the marshalls would
not have touched it, because the search warrant (which is still sealed I
believe) was so bogus.  

Besides the BATF also could have gotton SWAT teams from: federal marshalls
service; FBI; secret service; national park service; texas rangers; nearby
large city police forces; the military.  But they had to use their own
guys, nobody elses SWAT team was good enough for the holy cause of gun
control.   

	I also find the timing of the raid to be extremely interesting. 
Initial raid: two days before the NJ senate was going to overturn their
"assault weapon" confiscation law; a couple weeks before the BATF's budget
was going to come up in congress for review;  shortly after Reno got
confirmed as AG (I don't need to remind you about her anti-gun line);
right around the presidents 100th day in office.   As a wise man once
said: once is happenstance, twice is coincidence, three times is enemy
action.    I don't believe that these four things are conincidental.  Do
you?  


food for thought...

--Dale Farmer


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54827
From: turmoil@halcyon.com (Tim Crowley)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

paull@hplabsz.hpl.hp.com (Robert Paull) writes:

>Mr. Nice Guy (rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu) wrote:
>: The Branch Davidians were not violent and were not planning to start
>: violence.
>:  
>: When the BD compound was assaulted by the ATF the BD did fire back.
>: But they agreed to a cease fire and they allowed the ATF to care for
>: their wounded.  The BD even released the ATF agents they captured.  It
>: is clear from the release of the agents and allowing the ATF medical
>: attention that the BD were not looking for trouble.

>  This is the first I've heard of the BD capturing and releasing ATF agents.
>Is there any more info about this?

>Rob P.
           
It was filmed the day of the first assault.  The BDs clearly allowed the
BATF agents who were shot and wounded to leave the compound.  The
lesson, I suppose is that you should keep shooting untill ALL the pigs
are dead and then get the fuck outa dodge. Never give a pig an even
break.  

Seeeeee Ya  turmoil@halcyon.com   FUCK THE POLICE!!!!



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54828
From: bd@fluent@dartmouth.EDU (Brice Dowaliby)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:

>Then post what the press has said, not what you wished they said.
>The Medical Examiner has refuted the FBI "facts" and if you don't
>believe someone who has a LOT more reason to be impartial then 
>what do you have to say for yourself.

In the interest of accuracy (seems a liitle late to start
that, I know) the medical examiner has *not* contradicted
the FBI.

The FBI said they found some folks who had been shot in
the head, and the medical examiner said "we have not seen
evidence of this".

At the time the medical examiner said that, they were dealing
with charred bodies in the compound - this sounds like
typical medical examiner not releasing details until
a thorough investigation.  The medical examiner saying
he hasn't seen something is *not* the same thing as saying
that it isn't there.

While it might end up being true that the FBI had spoken
falsely, it isn't clear yet that they have.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54829
From: allanh@sco.COM (Allan J. Heim)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !


jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu:

   Firearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.  It would not
   be economic to smuggle them in.  All production would have to be
   local.  There are not all that many people who have both the skill
   AND motivation to assemble worthwhile firearms from scratch.
   High-ranking crime figures could obtain imported Uzis and such, but
   the average person, and average thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun
   - and would pay through the nose for it.

Good point you make.  However, a zip gun, by definition, is a crude,
homemade gun--certainly not something capable of sustained, accurate
fire, but it would be useful as a means of getting a normal gun.  Recall
the tiny, single-shot pistols made by the Allies during World War II for
use by partisans.  They were essentially well-made zipguns, incapable of
effective fire beyond a few feet.  But they were useful as a means of
killing German soldiers for their guns.

Also note that the crowd-pleasin' favorite, the Sten gun, was
specifically designed to require as little machine work as possible.
The point's been made here that one could make a Sten clone with steel
tubing, hand tools and a welder.

I still think that while the point is good, I think there's a difference
between marijuana and firearms, in that quality marijuana can be grown
locally; there's no need to import the stuff.  If guns are banned, I
think the demand for "real" guns will be sufficient to make smuggling
economically feasible, thus rendering a ban moot.  In any case, the
result would be the same--people who aren't criminals won't have
firearms, and "bad guys" will continue to have access to them, one way
or another.  And I don't see that as a necessary situation.
-- 
Allan J. Heim   allanh@sco.COM   ...!uunet!sco!allanh   +1 408 427 7813

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54830
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: FYI - BATF reply on Waco

In article <C5L480.K7u@elite.intel.com> dgw@elite.intel.com (Dennis Willson)  
writes:
[..]
> 
> On February 28, 1993, the special agents attempting to serve the
> Federal search warrant were all dressed in apparel clearly identified
> with the letters "ATF" and a highly visible police-type badge.
> Additionally, the special agents announced who they were and their
> purpose for being at the compound.
> 
> Immediately following this announcement, gunfire erupted from the
> compound, resulting in the deaths of four ATF special agents and the
> wounding of several others.  Through no fault of ATF, the element of
> surprise was lost, which caused the tragedy.  

This statement simply amazes me!  "Through no fault of ATF, the element of  
surprise was lost"!  What element of surprise?  In the paragraph preceding this  
one, he said "... the special agents announced who they were and their purpose  
for being at the compound", which was to serve the federal warrant.  No element  
of surprise was even needed for that.  

No, the element of surprise that they lost was that needed for a preemptive  
first strike, without warning.  

> Inasmuch as the warrants
> remain sealed by a U.S. magistrate, and the investigation remains in an
> active ongoung status, we are prohibited from disclosing any further
> information at this time.
> 

Read: They need to wait until they see how it comes out before they fabricate  
anymore, which could get disproven.

> We hope we have been responsive to your letter.  Please let us know
> whenever we may be of service.
> 
>                           Sincerely yours,
> 
>                           Daniel M. H??l??tt  [can't make out signature]
>                           Deputy Director

As always, no facts, just my opinions/observations.

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54831
From: loki@acca.nmsu.edu (Entropic Destroyer)
Subject: Re: Need info on 43:1 and suicide for refutation

Entropic Destroyer (loki@acca.nmsu.edu) wrote:

: I have seen these numbers quoted before, and I have seen very specific
: refutation of them quoted as well.  If someone will be so kind as to
: email the relevant information, I will write a letter to the editor of
: the Co. Daily (which might get published) and send a copy to USN&WR as
: well.

Thanks to all who responded.  The letter has been written (making liberal
use of info provided by various net.folks) and handed to the paper.  I'll
post if it gets into the paper!

--Dan

--
  DoD #202 / loki@acca.nmsu.edu / liberty or death / taylordf@ucsu.colorado.edu 
                 Send me something even YOU can't read...
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.1

mQCNAitfksQAAAEEAKceEjWI9f5KMJyKP0LOgC5dGHRpbMY2xhOo8kpEHMDyuf8a
1BfDQSj53kosTz6HRoshSDzLVuL1/40vPjmMNtFR+vyZ4jvd3rL4iuq2umMmex3M
itf3uLt8Xn/v/QAbsvhcFSHVJVK4Lf6wosuCMO03m2TiX31AI7VB0Uzo4yXjAAUX
tCREYW5pZWwgRiBUYXlsb3IgPExva2lAYWNjYS5ubXN1LmVkdT4=
=S5ib
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54832
From: guy@idacom.hp.com (Guy M. Trotter)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks


Hi,

In Canada, any gun that enters a National Park must be sealed (I think it's a
small metal tag that's placed over the trigger).  The net result of this is
that you _can't_ use a gun to protect yourself from bears (or psychos) in the
National Parks.  Instead, one has to be sensitive to the dangers and annoyances
of hiking in bear country, and take the appropriate precautions.

I think this policy makes the users of the National Parks feel a little closer
to Nature, that they are a part of Nature and, as such, have to deal with
nature on it's own terms.

Guy

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54833
From: thomasr@cpqhou.se.hou.compaq.com (G. Thomas Rush)
Subject: Re: Waco fire

In article <1993Apr23.181301.8500@mnemosyne.cs.du.edu> rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy) writes:
>Flash over is a frequent occurrence with indoor fires.  A fire will
>start small and in one location and heat the air.  The temperature in
>the room builds up and then everything inflammable in the room catches
>fire at once.
> 
>This may have occurred in the BD compound, I have heard reports that
>the windows were covered which would permit a fire to start unnoticed
>by those outside the compound.  When the fire got big enough, and
>broke through the walls, it appeared to be started in two places but
>was really one big fire.

The Houston Chronicle last Thursday (maybe Wednesday) said that
the interior of walls had been covered with hay bales to help
protect against bullets.  Many of you know how fast dry hay
burns.

>Because of the large quantities of tear gas inserted into the building
>it is possible that many of the women and children were in a room free
>of tear gas they would try to seal the door to keep out the tear gas.
>When they learned that a fire had broken out it was too late for them
>to escape.  They were trapped by the flames in their safe room.

In addition, the gas is specifically designed to force eyes
closed and the victim to vomit.  How fast could you leave your
burning office or home if your eyes were closed and you were
retching violently?

>I find it hard to believe that the FBI was not recording the final
>assault.  I think that they would have wanted to have tapes to show
>their agents of the the FBI overcoming the "forces of evil", aka
>the Branch Davidians.  The tapes would also allow the FBI to prove
>that they were not using excessive force.


-- 

thomas rush			compaq computer corporation	
thomasr@cpqhou.compaq.com	their employee, not their opinions.
Candidate for MISD (Magnolia, Texas) School Board Seat 5, May 1, 1993

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54834
From: positron@quip.eecs.umich.edu (Jonathan Haas)
Subject: Quotes requested

I need quotes from Jefferson, Hamilton, Madison, or any of the other founders,
that support the idea that the Second Amendment was written into the
Constitution so that the populace could protect itself it the government
began to degenerate into tyrrany. If you have any (with sources), please
mail them to me. Thanks.

-- 
__/\__  Jonathan S. Haas         | Jake liked his women the way he liked
\    /  University of Michigan   | his kiwi fruit: sweet yet tart, firm-
/_  _\  positron@eecs.umich.edu  | fleshed yet yielding to the touch, and
  \/    Finger for PGP 2.2 key   | covered with short brown fuzzy hair.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54835
From: VEAL@utkvm1.utk.edu (David Veal)
Subject: Re: BATF initiating violence sources?

In article <1r49aj$98c@hpchase.rose.hp.com> k@hprnd.rose.hp.com (Steve Kao) writes:

>I've long since lost any newspaper or magazine article that mentions how
>the BATF said they tossed a grenade instead of knocked on the door to
>serve the search warrant on the BD compound.  Does anyone have any
>references?  I'm just looking for periodicals/newspapers and dates.  A
>copy of the article is not needed, but I wouldn't mind seeing it.
>Posting here or e-mail is fine.

       The Associated Press had an article on Monday March 1, I believe,
which quoted witnesses as describing BATF agents throwing grenades prior
to any gunfire on the part of the Davidians.

       It was among the first of a crop of different, mutually exclusive
descriptions.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal Univ. of Tenn. Div. of Cont. Education Info. Services Group
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed, the day
your pushed me down the elevator shaft;  I'm beginning to think you don't
love me anymore." - "Weird Al"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54836
From: cknox@sedona.intel.com (Christopher W. Knox~)
Subject: Re: The Dayton Gun "Buy Back" (Re: Boston Gun Buy Back)


Has anyone considered how to prosecute a city holding a "no
questions asked" buy-back for receiving stolen property?
-- 
 Intel, Corp.
 5000 W. Chandler Blvd.
 Chandler, AZ  85226

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54837
From: popovich@cs.columbia.edu (Steve Popovich)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??

>>We all know what a quisling is, right?
>Obviously we don't.....
>Vidkun Quisling is known to be a traitor in Norway, not a 'censor'.
>If I have betrayed my country (Norway) bescause I implied that som of 
>you jumped to conclusions/sound a little paranoid then I think there
>is a LOT of quislings in Norway.......

Perhaps I wasn't sufficiently clear.  I was NOT accusing YOU of being
a quisling.  The quislings are in our own U.S. government, throwing
away the people's right to keep and bear arms -- at least, that's
where the ones that I INTENDED to refer to are.  I figured that people
on this newsgroup would interpret that as intended, but obviously
something of my intent got lost.
	-Steve

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54838
From: gardner@convex.com (Steve Gardner)
Subject: Re: BATF & FBI Do Right Thing in Waco

In article <1993Apr21.223541.2353@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
>If the BATF and FBI have become latter-day Gestapo, then they have
>become that way because WE have desired them to be so. We get to
>vote on laws, and on the lawmakers. 
	I keep hearing people say this.  It assumes that we, at some point,
	had a choice at the ballot box: "Vote yes or no I want the FBI
	and BATF to become latter-day Gestapos".  That just isn't so.
	The process is far more complex.  We do not have direct control over
	the bureaucracy.  When we evaluate our representatives we don't often
	know what their contribution is to the wayward direction of the
	federal law enforcement bureacracy.  To assert that we got what
	we wanted is absurd.  

>Waco was an encapsulation of the All-American experience - religious
>fanaticism, militaristic thinking and overwhelming violence. Don't
>blame it on 'them', the FBI and BATF. They were just acting within
>the parameters we have set over the years. We made 'them'. We ARE 'them'.
	Oh, good I feel much better now. ;-)  

	By the way do you have a plan for getting us out of this mess we
	are in?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54839
From: mst4298@zeus.tamu.edu (Mitchell S Todd)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr23.194834.24072@synapse.bms.com>, hambidge@bms.com writes...
>mst4298@rigel.tamu.edu (Mitchell S Todd) writes:

>>	If there was a large propane tank, and it was breached, don't 
>>	you think that there would be an identifiable explosion?

>From what I saw of the videotape, there was an explosion which looked
>more like one due to propane rather than (official version)
>ammunition.

	I would agree that a propane explosion is as likely as an
	ammunition/explosives blast. My question was directed to the
	person who claimed that the propane tank was likely ruptured
	by the tank before, or just as, the fire started. If that were 
	true, shouldn't the explosion have happened very soon after 
	the fires started?	


>>	The only evidence that exists right now (at least what we know
>>	about) is various claims and counter claims. I'm waiting until
>>	the hard evidence is released. What about you?

>If only we could be certain that the hard evidence will be released.

	The FBI has made such a fuss over the videotapes and other
	evidence that they have to release something sooner or
	later. It's going to happen, and we'll get to see for
	ourselves.

	Often law enforcement agencies will withold evidence from
	public view until the investigation is over.  

                  _____  _____
                  \\\\\\/ ___/___________________
  Mitchell S Todd  \\\\/ /                 _____/__________________________
________________    \\/ / mst4298@zeus._____/.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'_'_'_/
\_____        \__    / / tamu.edu  _____/.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'_'_/
    \__________\__  / /        _____/_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_/
                \_ / /__________/
                 \/____/\\\\\\
 			 \\\\\\
			  ------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54840
Subject: New Hampshire and Maine non-resident carry permit application
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)


for those who live near or plan to vacation in New Hampshire
and Maine, I am posting the basic info of how to
apply for a LTC (CCW) in those states for non-residents.

post will be in rec.guns
-J. Case Kim
kim39@husc.harvard.edu


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54841
From: arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements)
Subject: AP rifles?

I just read a clari article about how, among the other weapons
the BD had purched, they had two "Barrett 50-caliber armor-piercing
rifles."  How the hell do you use an armor-piercing rifle?  Run
up to a tank and try to stab it?

Once again, ignorance prevails amongst the media . . .

aaron
arc@cco.caltech.edu


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54842
From: tip@lead.tmc.edu (Tom Perigrin)
Subject: Slick Rushie tries to have it both ways, again


Today Rush was criticizing Clinton for not claiming responsibility for the
actions and decisions of Janet Reno and the  FBI  early enough to suit
Rush.

About 2 months ago Rush was chortling over the fact that Reagan has stumped
"special persecutor Walsh" with his croaking of "I don't remember" when
asked about Ollie North.

If Rush's criticism of Clinton were to be applied to Reagan and North... 
Reagan would have been impeached while North was convicted (and overturned on
a technicality).

Gosh, Rush sure wants to have it both ways... Clinton MUST be held 
responsible, but Reagan was clever by using the "amnesia defense".

Maybe that's waht Clinton should say about campaign promises and such
"Well, there you go again Rush...  but to tell the truth, I wasn't in the
loop and I just don't remember."

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54843
Subject: Waco headlines and editorial in Boston Globe
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)


Boston Globe, Wednesday April 21 1993

col. 4  "Bodies found in ruins as FBI defends raid on cult ranch"
col. 5 "Clinton blames Koresh, orders probe of siege"
col. 2 "The children: panws in a horrifying game"

pg. 18, col. 1, Editorial page  
	"Judgment at Waco"

	Now the scientific and political scrutiny of the
horror show in Waco begins, though nothing can
undo the tragedy that might have been prevented 
there.
	Forensic experts will study the rubble and
ashes of the Branch Davidian compound, where at
least 85 people, including 24 children, perished in
smoke and fire caused by theapocalyptic visions of
a manipulative madman AND A STUNNING LAPSE IN
JUDGMENT BY FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS.
   [emphasis added by me]
	Investigators will re-create conditions at the
compound and identify accelerants and other fac-
tors fueling the inferno.  That is their strong suit.
	But the public must question why agents of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation lacked the oper-
ational skill and teh behavioral insight to resolve
the 51-day standoff free of flames and fury.
	The loss of life most clearly reflects the demen-
tia of cult leader David Koresh, whose personal
delusiosn are now seared on the public conscious-
ness.  His assembly of Davidians had stockpiles of
arms--and had used them.  LIttle in the way of
rationality could be expected from Koresh, a self-
confsesed "sinner without equal."
	What continues to mystify are th eactions of
federal agents, who bungled the case from the
start.  The misadventure began on Feb. 28 when
100 agents of the federal Bureau of Alcohol, To-
bacco and Firearms storemd the compound, intent
on seizing Koresh and a cache of automatic weap-
ons.  Four agents and an estimated  six cult mem-
bers died inteh ensuing gun battle.  Earlier
oppor-tunities to isolate and arrest Koresh outside the
complex had not been adequately explored.
	Authorities prepared a siege and resolved that
those deaths would be the last.  Fifty-one days into 
the siege there was no public outcry to storm the
compound.
	It had been correctly perceived that the chil-
dren inside "Rancho Apocalypse" were essentially 
hostages.  With their lives at stake, there was no
reason for the government to be impatient.  The
government's superior firepower, control of water
and utilities and freedom of movement created the
conditions for a belated but bloodless resolution.
	Neither Attorney General Janet Reno nor the
FBI has provided a sigle compelling reason for
abandondoning the course of patience.
	If intelligence was accurate and Koresh was
growing increasingly violent and bizarre, it is diffi-
cult to see how a tear-gas attack launched by an
M-60 combat vehicle would clear his mind.  If re-
ports of escalating child abuse were accurate, they
would have to be weighted against the potential for
eve ngreated hamr.


etc etc tec....
[paragraphs, 2.5 paragraphs deleted]

But some of the responsibility rests with Clinton,
and inexperienced president who did not pay
enough attention to the life-and -death decisions
being made on WAco.
	If Reno is to be faulted for anything, ti would
be for her overreliance on the judgment of law en-
forcement officers--a common problem among
prosecutors.
	Full investigations into th eWaco tragedy must
be conducted by both the executive and legislative
branches.  The first step is to verify how the blaze 
started.  Though apportioning blame will play a 
role, it is of greater importnace to find strategies
to elude the fire next time.

[end of editorial]
-J. Case Kim
kim39@husc.harvard.edu


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54845
From: dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto) writes:
>>	If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
>>burning building?
>
>Assuming the fire was caused by lanterns and stoves being knocked about
>by the tanks pushing on the walls (would shake a building pretty good)
>perhaps they didn't flee because fleeing would have meant ENTERING the
>fire from the other side?  Like they were surrounded by the fire, and
>rubble, which finally (combined with teargas, and combustion gasses)
>overcame and enveloped them?

>In other words they were TRAPPED by the flames, heat, fumes and rubble?

Wait a minute.  The story being pushed here is that the fire started
in ONE PLACE.  This is not consistent with the story that they were
TRAPPED by the fire (particularly in a building that all of a sudden
had many more exits).

Choose one, please.

>Does that sound plausable?  Not as dramatic as Korash forcing them to
>stay, or shooting them (no shot victims found yet), but plausable...

Well, for everyone besides Koresh and his blood children, we can 
assume independent choice: Ah, they chose to stay in the face of
an assault which clearly endangered their lives.  Or, alternatively,
they were not permitted to leave.  Choose one.

-- 
 | The Koresh cult standoff is over ... may his victims Recquiescat in Pace |
 |                                                                          |
 |                    (the above is a net.moment of silence)                |
 Daniel A. Hartung  --  dhartung@chinet.chinet.com  --  Ask me about Rotaract

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54846
From: dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung)
Subject: Waco "Inside Story" (AP) (Was Re: ATF BURNS....)

fbrown@seaway.ssd.kodak.com (Frank Brown 726-0415) writes:
>This is the AP story from Fri morning.
>
>As the walls came tumbling down and tear gas filled the air, cult leader
>David Koresh sprang into action. He left his third-floor bedroom and began
>looking around the house, making sure women and children were secure and 
>checking that everyone had their gas masks on properly. Within hours, the    
>compound became an inferno. Nine Branch Davidians excaped.
>   This is their story, gleaned from lawyers who spoke with six of them
>who are jailed on charges that include conspiracy and murder. That day the 
>six said a portable radio offered the only contact with the outside world    
>since Koresh's right-hand man, Steve Schneider, ripped out the compounds's 
>phone line after FBI agents called before dawn Monday saying this was the
>cults last chance: Come out or prepare to get forced out.

Aw, gee, and whose fault is THAT?

>    They kept their word. By dawn, tanks were battering the Mount Carmel
>compound, punching for hours to creat holes for tear gas to enter. The BD
>meanwhile proceeded with their daily routines. Strapped into gas masks, the
>women did laundry. Others read Bibles in their rooms. The 17 children, all
>under 10, remained by their mothers' sides. Still, it was hard to ignore 
>what was happening around them. Each time a tank rammed the 
>poorly-constructed building it shook violently. Cult members dodges 
>falling gypsum wallboard and doors.

Dear, dear.  They could have COME OUT.

>Hundreds of gas canisters hurled in from the armored vehicles were filling
>the air with noxious fumes. The flying canisters were more frightening than
>the tanks. At least one man was hit in the face.

Dear, dear.  They could have COME OUT.

 The gas began filling the air,
>driven by heavy gusts of wind coming through windows and the holes the tanks
>made. 

It couldn't have gotten too heavy with all that wind blowing through.

Scattered throughout the house, the cult members made no efforts to
>gather. Then the FBI sent in its biggest weapon -- a massive armored vehicle
>headed for a chamber, lined with cinder blocks, where authorities hoped to 
>find Koresh and Schneider and fire tear gas directly at them.
>  Here the cult members' story diverges from the government's version. The
>FBI says cult members set fires in three places. But each of the six cult
>members, in separate discussions with lawyers, consistently gave versions
>at odds with the FBI's account. They say the tank flattened a barrel of 
>propane, spilling its contents. And as the tank thundered through the house,
>it tipped over lit lanterns, spitting flames that ignited the propane and
>other flammables. The home of used lumber, plywood, and wallboard tacked 
>together with tar paper was vulnerable. The building erupted. Nine BD's
>escaped jumping through windows and dashing through other openings. Others
>died groping in the blackness.

Sad, but they COULD HAVE COME OUT.

-- 
 | The Koresh cult standoff is over ... may his victims Recquiescat in Pace |
 |                                                                          |
 |                    (the above is a net.moment of silence)                |
 Daniel A. Hartung  --  dhartung@chinet.chinet.com  --  Ask me about Rotaract

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54847
From: dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung)
Subject: Take the WACO QUIZ!  Impress your friends!  Win valuable cash prizes!

The Waco Quiz

What would you do in the following hypothetical situations?

You have committed no crime.  The BATF conducts a "no-knock" raid.
a) Hands in air. Say "Do you have a warrant?" Think of hefty suit settlement.
b) Say "You have 1 second to identify yourself as a cop or I shoot."
c) Shoot.  Heck, at least in federal prison you might get to have sex.

You have killed federal agents. They blast strange music at you.
a) Come out with hands up. "I wish to turn state's evidence." Hope deal's good.
b) Wait, figuring other federal agents will get bored and go on vacation.
c) Wait. If they come after you there will be a chance to kill MORE g-men.

The FBI has you surrounded, asks you to come out immediately.
a) Come out, figuring long prison term is chance to catch up on some writing.
b) Stall. You just can't concentrate when you're on trial for some reason.
c) Decide to write novel-length prophecy now while ideas are fresh in mind.

FBI calls and says they will use tear gas if you don't come out.
a) Come out with hands up. Your radical bro-in-law hated getting gassed at UC.
b) Get out your gas mask. Really, these feds will have to give up eventually.
c) Shoot at vehicles delivering tear gas. It's rude to break down a man's door!

FBI calls and says they will use tanks to break down your walls.
a) Come out with your hands up. Flimsy cardboard construction won't last long.
b) With presence of mind, move flammable devices away from tinder-dry haybales.
c) Spread some kerosene around and hit a match. Big Schwarzenegger ending.

Points are awarded in the following manner: 0 points for every (a) answer,
-1 points for every (b) answer, and -2 points for every (c) answer.
Count 'em up and compare with your friends!

If you answered (a) all the time, you are probably in jail, but alive.
If you answered (b) all the time, you may still be holed up in your compound.
If you answered (c) all the time, you are probably dead.

(Feel free to copy this and distribute to your friends.)

-- 
 | The Koresh cult standoff is over ... may his victims Recquiescat in Pace |
 |                                                                          |
 |                    (the above is a net.moment of silence)                |
 Daniel A. Hartung  --  dhartung@chinet.chinet.com  --  Ask me about Rotaract

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54848
From: dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung)
Subject: Re: The Truth about Waco 

jgd@dixie.com (John De Armond) writes:
>Nothing could at this point.  What WOULD have gone a long way toward 
>convincing me would have been media video, particularly from diverse
>sources.  IMHO, if the government didn't have anything to hide, they
>would have allowed cameras near the compound from the beginning.

I agree, I saw no reason they could not have had "close in" pool
cameras manned by volunteers and protected by sandbags or whatever.

[Points made by Dick DeGueran, Koresh's lawyer]
>*	The tanks were NOT pumping CS gas but were ejecting exploding 
>	canisters from the tank booms that penetrated multiple walls
>	before exploding.

Okay, their word against the FBI's at this point.  See ya in court!

>*	The tanks were collapsing interior walls and ceilings putting people
>	at great risk.

Dear, dear. They could have COME OUT.

>*	The construction of the coupound used almost all used materials that
>	were very dry and bails of hay were stacked against the walls as 
>	shields against the government's bullets.

Okay, they were living in a fire hazard. That they built.

>*	Said that previous to the invasion there were no military drills
>	and that the supplies they had on hand were for survival.

No crime, irrelevant either way.

>*	Their gas masks worked so well that many members were having bible
>	study and some were sleeping when the fire was set.

Ah yes, that is exactly what I would do.  Hold Bible study. Take a nap.
Always a wise course of action when you're being gassed.

>*	There was no group instruction of any kind from Koresh or his 
>	aids after the tank invasion (referring to any kind of suicide
>	pact or counter-assault efforts.)

I don't believe there was a "suicide pact".  I believe that Koresh
wanted a fiery conflagration ... which he may not have told his followers.
In fact, this hypothesis is CONFIRMED by the survivors' stories.

>*	Everyone had moved to the center of the compound in order to escape
>	the falling debris from the tank invasion when the fire was set. 

Yes, that's right.  And once the whole compound was demolished, where
did they expect to go?

>*	Women and children who has sought shelter on the second floor from
>	the tanks were trapped by doors jammed by the tanks ramming the 
>	building and distorting the frames.

The building is being RAMMED and they are going UPSTAIRS?  That's almost
as bad as running into a fire.

>*	Hallways ran the length of the buildings that acted as conduits for
>	the fire and trapped almost everyone in place.  His experts have told
>	him that this horizonal chimney effect is what made the fire appear
>	to have started at several places at once.

Hm, an interesting notion.  We'll see.

>*	Koresh was not seen the last hour before the fire and was assumed to
>	be in his 4th floor room with some of his children.

More Bible study, no doubt.  Hey, it's a *priority*.

>*	The texas medical examiner has stated flatly that none of the bodies
>	recovered so far had bullet wounds, directly contradicting the FBI's
>	lies.

Actually, on Friday he stated that there was no evidence either way and
he could not flatly contradict the federal agents' claims.  We'll know
more later.  In any event, it's irrelevant.

>*	The survivors unanimously stated that if the victims could have gotten
>	out they would have, that they were trapped by the tank-destroyed 
>	building and the speed of the fire.

For six hours they were trapped?  The building was not "destroyed" 
immediately.  They COULD HAVE LEFT AT ANY TIME.

>*	The underground bunker cited by the FBI as the place Koresh could have
>	put the children had he not been a cold blooded killer had been blocked
>	by the tanks crashing down debris on top of the access door.

Six hours to move it away.  Or COME OUT.

>*	Dick said that he had sat in Koresh's bedroom talking to him and 
>	had observed that his room was furnished like all the rest and without
>	air condition or other luxuries, directly contradicting the FBI's claim 
>	that he lived in splendor.

Irrelevant, anyway.  PR one way or the other, but no crime or innocence
indicated.

>*	Dick saw bullet holes in Koresh's room made from the outside-in
>	which indicates the BATF was indiscriminately shooting down through
>	the roof.  

No word on whether they were being fired back at, which is an operative
question here.

>*  The fire was probably started by the tanks knocking over Coleman Lanterns 
>	that were lit and sitting on a piano next to the wall the tanks busted 
>	through, though none of the survivors saw the fire start.

Right.  For six hours you know that a tank could come thru the wall at 
any point, and you leave a COLEMAN LANTERN BURNING.  Near BALES OF HAY.

>*	Every one of the survivors strongly denies ever saying anything to the 
>	FBI about starting the fire, hearing someone say the fire was lit
>	or any of the other stuff attributed to them by the FBI.

It's ultimately irrelevant who "lit" the fire.  They had ample opportunity
to LEAVE.

>*	He said when he first met Koresh in the compound he expected to find 
>	a raving lunatic but instead found a rational, charming and intelligent 
>	young man and was very surprised by that fact.  

Most charismatic leaders are extremely intelligent, actually.  They tend
to be excellent actors and skilled manipulators.  (Ex.: Ted Bundy.)

>*	Koresh had no drugs stronger than aspirin to use against pain.

Medical assistance was jsut a phone call away.  Gee, all he had to do
was COME OUT.

>*	Women with children had their own bedrooms for them and their kids
>	that were appointed as nicely as Koresh's.

Not relevant to any crimes.

>*	Dick said he saw signs of home schooling for the kids and at no time 
>	did he ever see any signs of abuse.

While he was there.  Anyway, outsiders RARELY see abuse.  It's a secretive
thing.  All we have to go on are the court documents in the Jewell case
and the mistrial in California.

>*	No one was ever held against their wills and could have left at any
>	time.  The people who were murdered in the fire were there by their
>	own choices.

EXACTLY.  By their OWN CHOICE.

>*	He called for an independent prosecutor.  If ever there were a need
>	for one, this is it.

Looks like there will be several investigations, starting with Congressional
committee hearings next week....

>His closing comments were "They don't look upon themselves as a cult.
>They view themselves as highly religious people.  They sincerely believe
>what they believe.  And who am you or I to judge that as wrong?"
>
>His last sentence says it all.  Who the hell ARE we (or the government)
>to judge their religion as wrong.  This event, I hope, will be recorded
>in history as the American Holocaust.  These people were murdered 
>by the US government just as surely as the jews were by the Nazis.
>I hang my head in shame for what I've allowed my government to become.

I have NEVER judged them by their religion, but by their ACTIONS.

If they had lived a quiet, religious life as they claimed, there would
have been no raid, no siege, and no deaths.  Instead, they chose courses
of action at every turn that were at the very least STUPID, if not
IRRATIONAL.  The first was to stockpile weapons.  The second was to
shoot federal agents.  The third was to stay inside.

Just as we don't blame a cop who shoots a kid who had pointed a toy
weapon at him, I don't think the FBI deserves blame in this case.

-- 
 | The Koresh cult standoff is over ... may his victims Recquiescat in Pace |
 |                                                                          |
 |                    (the above is a net.moment of silence)                |
 Daniel A. Hartung  --  dhartung@chinet.chinet.com  --  Ask me about Rotaract

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54849
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: text of White House announcement and Q&As on clipper chip encryption

In article <strnlghtC5tr6D.n3n@netcom.com>, strnlght@netcom.com (David Sternlight) writes:

> Though I agree this is not the place to discuss guns, I note in passing that
> a number of gun apologists seem to have ignored the words "well regulated"
> in their distorted interpretations of the Second Amendment.

Though David Sternlight pushes the envelope of credibility by claiming that
talk.politics.guns is not the place to discuss guns, or the meaning of the
Second Amendment, it seems he would rather post to millions of people out 
of relative ignorance of the subject than to follow the currently active 
threads discussing EXACTLY this topic which at least explore the fallacies 
of his erroneous claim, and at most explode them.

Basic fact #1, Mr. Sternlight:  The RIGHT described is a "right of the people
to keep and bear arms;" not a "right of the people to form a militia," a
"right of a militia to keep and bear arms," or a "right of well-regulated
people to keep and bear arms."  This should be apparent from a simple
reading of the sentence.

For the other arguments, I suggest you check out the thread, "Some more
about gun control," playing now in an alt.politics.usa.constitution
near you.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54850
From: cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter)
Subject: Re: The Dayton Gun "Buy Back" (Re: Boston Gun Buy Back)

On Wed, 21 Apr 1993 16:01:03 GMT, Larry Cipriani (lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com) wrote:
> According to WNCI 97.9 FM radio this morning, Dayton, Ohio is operating a
> gun "buy back".  They are giving $50 for every functional gun turned in.
> They ran out of money in one day, and are now passing out $50 vouchers of
> some sort.  They are looking for more funds to keep operating.  Another
> media-event brought to you by HCI.

> Is there something similar pro-gun people can do ?  For example, pay $100
> to anyone who lawfully protects their life with a firearm ?  Sounds a bit
> tacky, but hey, whatever works.

How about a gun buy-back/charity?  Get some sponsors to fund the
purchase of used firearms, have a gunsmith check them over, and give
or sell them at a low price to poor persons wishing to own firearms. ;-)
[OK, you guys can work out the details of who is "needy", etc...]

--
Charles Scripter   *   cescript@phy.mtu.edu
Dept of Physics, Michigan Tech, Houghton, MI 49931
-------------------------------------------------------------
"...when all government... in little as in great things, shall be
drawn to Washington as the centre of all power, it will render
powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will
become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we
separated."   Thomas Jefferson, 1821

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54852
From: gdnikoli@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Greg Nikolic)
Subject: Re: Who's next? Mormons and Jews?

In article <C5s5n0.DyJ@world.std.com> rjk@world.std.com (Robert J. Kolker) writes:
>take their oath at the fortress. Lo Tepol Shaynit Matzadah. Matzadah will
>not fall again!

     These zealots. Holy fuck.

     Israel. Armenia. Turkey. Greece. Croatia. Serbia. Bosnia. Russia. Germany.
Iran. The Arab World.

     War.


-- 
     "Please allow me to introduce myself.               SYMPATHY 
      I'm a man of wealth and taste.                   FOR THE DEVIL
      I've been around for long, long years.            the Laibach  
      Stolen many a man's soul, and faith."               remixes

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54853
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: The Truth about Waco

OK... quick scenario... you're at home, not bothering anybody... next thing you
know, somebody comes crashing in the upstairs window and you hear an explosion.
You see that this individual has a submachinegun, and that more similarly armed
individuals are rushing your front door.  Will you a) defend yourself and family
against this attack b) realize "oh, only the BATF would enter like that, so I 
better surrender" or c) roll over and let whoever is attacking your home do
what they would like?  You have chosen a), and discover that the people you 
defended yourself against are federal agents, who now are camped outside your
door waiting for you to surrender.  You have learned that they intend to 
charge you with murder, and are further defaming your name, while claiming that
you can safely surrender at any time.  Then they start using psychological 
warfare techniques against you, while still claiming that you can safely give up
and will receive a fair trial.  Some weeks into this standoff, you are still
holding out, when they begin a new ploy to induce your surrender, namely using
tear gas to annoy you, and ramming your home with tanks.  Yet they claim that
you can safely surrender at any time.  While you patiently wait out this latest
round of attacks, your house catches fire and the bales of hay you were using as
cover spread the fire rapidly through the house, and you try to escape through
the fortifications you had raised for your own defense and the rubble created
by the tanks.  Only 9 of your followers make it.

I am not claiming that the above scenario is accurate.  I am disagreeing with
the notion that it is their own fault for dying because they refused to 
surrender to agents of the Federal government after another federal agency
committed an armed assault of their home on the basis of a flimsily concocted
search warrant.  

Look at how the Texas Rangers view the BATF.  Look at the FBI statements
regarding the BATF actions.  From all apparent sources, the FBI blundered
trying to clean up the mess made by the BATF, resulting in an accidental fire
which killed most of the BD's who were still in the compound, and are now 
playing CYA.  The BATF committed an illegal assault, obtained the use of 
Texas NG resources with fabricated allegations, and compounded their abuses
by accusing the BD's of crimes outside their jurisdiction once they had been
held off in their assault.

-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54854
From: howard@Metaphor.COM (Lee Howard)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <C59BIE.4zL@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca>, papresco@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca (Paul Prescod) writes:
|> In article <1993Apr8.193321.12753@anasazi.com> john@anasazi.com (John R. Moore) writes:
|> 
|> >They were driving down a heavily used street in the middle of the day,
|> >when a car with 5 young black males pulled up behind them, and one
|> >of the occupants fired 8 9mm rounds into the rear of their truck. Both
|> >the man and his fiancee pulled their pistols and returned fire, driving
|> >off the attackers. Their child suffered a flesh wound to his arm, and
|> >the parents sustained grazes from the incident.
|> 
|> What a beautiful country you people have built for yourselves.  Enjoy it.
==========================================================================
  Yes, we do have a beautiful country. And I enjoy it.  Most of all, I
  enjoy the thought that I have the means and can exercise my rights
  to defend me and mine. 
 
  And I want to thank all of you good folks, like Prescod, who remind me
  of what I have.  Along this line, I watched a documentary on one of the
  Nazi concentration camps.  Stacks and stacks of bodies.  There were scenes
  of Hitler speechifying, and what struck me, was the reverence and adoration
  on the faces of the people in the crowds.  I guess they were happy that
  Hitler had implemented full gun control and was taking care of the Jewish
  problem all at the same time.

---lee  

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54855
From: garrod@dynamo.ecn.purdue.edu (David Garrod)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C603oD.AvC@chinet.chi.il.us>, dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung) writes:
> pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto) writes:
> >>	If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
> >>burning building?
> >
> >Assuming the fire was caused by lanterns and stoves being knocked about
> >by the tanks pushing on the walls (would shake a building pretty good)
> >perhaps they didn't flee because fleeing would have meant ENTERING the
> >fire from the other side?  Like they were surrounded by the fire, and
> >rubble, which finally (combined with teargas, and combustion gasses)
> >overcame and enveloped them?
> 
> >In other words they were TRAPPED by the flames, heat, fumes and rubble?
> 
> Wait a minute.  The story being pushed here is that the fire started
> in ONE PLACE.  This is not consistent with the story that they were
> TRAPPED by the fire (particularly in a building that all of a sudden
> had many more exits).
> 
> Choose one, please.
> 

What if.......

What if the FBI thought that tear gas would force the Davidians out;
at least the mothers and the children, so they (the FBI) did not
bother to think about the effect of tear gas on young children......

What if the FBI knew they killed several of the children by using
tear gas......(let`s assume the FBI knew via their listening devices)

What if the FBI saw fire accidently break out at one end of the
building, e.g. by an upset oil lamp.......

What if the FBI thought they could finally force the rest of the
Davidians out AND also destroy the evidence that they (the FBI) had
killed the children by starting a fire at the other end......

What if the FBI miscalculated and not many of the rest of the Davidians
made it out.......?????

Answer:  What happened.



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54856
From: diederic@spot.Colorado.EDU (Andrew Diederich)
Subject: Re: The Truth about Waco 

In article (Dan Hartung) writes:

  <Endless remarks of how the Davidians could have surrendered deleted.>
 
>If they had lived a quiet, religious life as they claimed, there would
>have been no raid, no siege, and no deaths.  Instead, they chose courses
>of action at every turn that were at the very least STUPID, if not
>IRRATIONAL.  The first was to stockpile weapons.  The second was to
>shoot federal agents.  The third was to stay inside.

  If they had been quiet there would have been no deaths??  I thought thier
neighbors said that the Davidians never bothered them.  Oh, well, that couldn't
have been your point, then.  

  If they hadn't been stockpiling weapons, then the ATF wouldn't have felt 
threatened and had to move in.  Here's a newsflash:  It isn't illegal to
own more than one firearm.  It isn't even illegal to own *lots* of firearms.
 
  They shot federales?  The feds shot them, too.  

  How about that staying inside thing?  Here's another newsflash:  sometimes
the government does nasty things to you that you don't deserve.  Since
they were so nice to the Davidians the first time round, I can see why
the Davidians didn't surrender so easily, especially because they were
expecting the end of the world.

-- 
Andrew Diederich                    diederic@spot.colorado.edu

These opinions are only mine when they wave that watch infront of my eyes.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54857
From: jon@atlas.MITRE.org (J. E. Shum)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1


In article <blake.70.735413837@nevada.edu>, blake@nevada.edu (Rawlin Blake) writes:
> In article <1993Apr21.160642.12470@ringer.cs.utsa.edu> whughes@lonestar.utsa.edu (William W. Hughes) writes:
> >In article <feustelC5tw49.7p5@netcom.com> feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:
> >>I predict that the outcome of the study of what went wrong with the
> >>Federal Assault in Waco will result in future assaults of that type
> >>being conducted as full-scale military operations with explicit
> >>shoot-to-kill directives.
> >
> >You mean they aren't already? Could have fooled me.
> >
> >-- 
> >                            REMEMBER WACO!
> >     Who will the government decide to murder next? Maybe you?
> >[Opinions are mine; I don't care if you blame the University or the State.]
> 
> Well, it seems we don't learn the lessons of history do we?
> 
> I was hoping that Kent State taught us a lesson.
> 
> Apparently not.
> 
> Apparently the government will murder anyone they choose to still.
> 

Hmm... For more recent lesson what about that little square in China?

Another lesson might be the one repeated every year in Tibet...

And of course there's always El Salvador...

And the beat goes on and on...     :^(

MESSAGES FROM GOD:  GET OFF YOUR ASS!  DON'T TRUST THE
GOVERNMENT!  AT ANY TIME!  FOR ANY REASON!  -THE SCREAMING MAN
     
CONNECT THE GOD-DAMNED DOTS!!!  Ministry, TV Song

-- 
Clinton Administration e-mail addresses | clintonhq@campaign92.org (MCIMail)
    provided as a public service by     | 75300.3115@compuserve.com (CompuServe)
    Jon Edward Shum (jon@mitre.org)     | clintonpz@aol.com (America Online)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54858
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Re: Raid justification was: Blast them next time

dale@access.digex.com (Dale Farmer) writes:

>Rick Bressler (bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com) wrote:
><forgot to leave in his quote source>
>: >What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
>: >had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
>: >compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.
>The BATF is a part of the dept. of treasury, not justice.  If they needed
>to assault a place they could just do like the IRS does...call in the
>federal marshalls service,

The IRS doesn't need to rely on the Federal Marshall's Services; the
IRS has its own Swat teams. I saw a picture of one in an article on
the IRS in some magazine or other.
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

The U.S. Government has become a garrotte around the necks of its
citizens.  Just as with a garrotte, the more people struggle to breathe
the air of freedom, the more the government tightens its stranglehold. The
only possible outcomes at this point are the death of government or the
elimination of personal freedom.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54859
From: an030@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Broward Horne)
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks


In a previous article,  () says:

>"Freed om of Religion" has absolutely nothing to do with building a small
>arsenal and grooming 10-year old children to be your wife. "I'll come out
>as soon as I finish my manuscript on the Seven Seals." Oh, OK, David.


        Interesting that Janet Reno has publically announced that
        we need steal ourselves for more Wacos.  I wonder if I can
        get the gasoline concession.


>I agree that Koresh was as much of a victim as a perpetrator; this because
>he grew up inside the cult, and engaged in a power struggle where his
>supporters helped inflate his ego.


     Yup.  Kill that bastard!

>
>This was no MOVE fuck-up. A helicoptor was thermal-imaging the compound



     Ah, yes.  The ILLEGAL helicopter, searchign for the non-existent
     PCP lab.  I remember it well, even if the media ( and y'all ) tell
     me I don't.  Call me Winston.

>that afternoon and detected three fires erupting almost simultaneously.
>There were no CS CANISTERS... a specially modified Abrams was pupming the


      Ahhh, yes.  The "non-existent" canisters.  Call me Winston again.


>stuff in. No chance of starting a fire there. Kerosene lamps? Maybe one,
>but not three fires. No way. Koresh wasn't just talking out of his ass. I
>expected this to happen.

     I did too, but for different reasons.  The FBI has a habit of burning
     up people in fortified areas.


>Maybe they WANTED it to look like murder. He had 50+ days. I think this was
>coming the whole time. He didn't even put the children in the buried bus or
>the underground bunker during the CS seige. He put them up into the tower
>to die. Fuck all of you "Big Brother" paranoid freaks. The only good thing
>to come of any of this is that there will be one less group of crazoids to
>attract some of the more rootless members of our society.


      Yup.  Good.  Dead.  YEAH!   Maybe Janet will do some more, just
      like she's promis, er, WARNED us about.

      Like I told y'all before.  I would SERIOUSLY consider the following:

        Get your passport in order now.
        Consider overseas options for your savings.

 




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54860
From: an030@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Broward Horne)
Subject: Re: Waco "Inside Story" (AP) (Was Re: ATF BURNS....)


In a previous article, dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung) says:

>
>Dear, dear.  They could have COME OUT.


     So could the defenders in the Alamo.  You're clearly missing the
     point here.  Typically, I might add.

     If it were me, I doubt that *I* would have come out.

     BATF show up, start shooting at me, etc.  Then they paint me
     a child-molesting murdering fanatic, call up TANKS, hundreds
     of automatic-armed goons.  Restrict press access to two miles
     away.  

     Come on.  If I can watch pictures of burned women and children
     in Bosnia on CNN, why am I being limited to a two-mile-away
     replay of a fire in Waco?  Huh?  Answer me that.





Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54861
From: PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Hallam-Baker bashes tpgers (was Re: Welcome to Police State USA)

In article <C5yypo.EI2@dscomsa.desy.de>
hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker) writes:
 
>In article <1993Apr22.041542.11054@a.cs.okstate.edu>, kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT) writes:
>
>|>From article <C5t9IA.6F9@dscomsa.desy.de>, by hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker):
>|>Just what the hell do you base that ludicrous claim on?  There are
>|>*plenty* of fine, decent people people who read/post to t.p.g.  If
>|>any of these people are paranoid it is because of people like you.
>
>Hey dude you are making me paranoid! What an argument!!!
 
 
       While I wouldn't be too terribly impressed with anybody who got
to be paranoid based on either Usenet in general or Phill Hallam-Baker's
comments in general, you'd be surprised.
 
       For most people, if you accuse them of something long enough and
loud enough, to enough people, they start to ask why they're bothering
to fight it.
 
       If nothing you do will be considered right, why bother to do right?
It's pretty basic human nature.
 
>|>I'd have a spot of tea with them. :)  You probably gave up on arguing the
>|>case for arms control directly long ago because posters who *know*
>|>what they are talking about (e.g., Frank Crary) disproved all your
>|>arguments for why more gun control is needed.  So, you gave up because
>|>you know they are right and you couldn't refute their answers.
>
>No, Frank Crary's arguments are based on the assumption that most people
>are sane, normal people. tpg disproves this of gun owners.
 
       What an amazing thing.  I didn't realize that over a hundred million
gun owners all posted to tpg.
 
       Even if *all* the posts in talk.politics.guns illustrated what
you say they illustrate, it would still only reflect the written
personas (which is often different from face-to-face) of a very, very
small and select group.
 
       Anybody who seriously generalizes any attitudes or positions on
Usenet to the general population of any country either doesn't care
about accuracy or needs to have a few realities explained to them.
 
>USEnet as a whole
>disproves it of humanity as a whole.
 
        Speaking of which...
 
      Most of the "readership" posts I've seen put the most read
newsgroups at about 160,000 readers, a number I have a feeling is
fairly inflated.  The posters, rare and regular, are themseleves a
very tiny minority of that group.  And the whole of Usenet readers
are themselves a very distorted sample of humanity.
 
       If anything, the only real thing you can get out of the relative
sample of Usenet readers is that we've got too much equipment and too
much time available to us.
 
>We now have proof positive that guns don't make you safer. Buy a lot of
>guns and you either get shot in the no knock raid or get the FBI to burn
>down your house.
 
        Proof that guns don't make you safer is that if you buy one the
government will show up and kill you?
 
        Tell me, if the government took away the voting rights of
everybody who exercised their free speech, would that then be proof
that free speech squelches political activity?
 
        You are equating two things with each other that don't.
 
>See even in the paranoid mindset of tpg there are good reasons
>to support gun control.
 
        Phill, if you really believe that the various posts on
computer nets represents *either* most of the poster's in person
personalities *or* the general public's general opinions, then
I have some serious reservations about your grasp on reality.
 
        But don't expect you really do believe that.  It's simply
a convenient way to make your point, and hopefully make those
people you don't like look bad.
 
>Cuddles 'n kisses
>
>Phill
 
        Have a nice day, Phill.
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal  University of Tennessee Division of Continuing Education
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed\
When you pushed me down the elevator shaft\ ... Sometimes I get to
thinking you don't love me anymore." - "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54863
From: f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu
Subject: RE: the truth starts to come out

In article <C5uA7r.DAD@da_vinci.it.uswc.uswest.com>, pprun@august.it.uswc.uswest.com writes:
> 
> 
> I have just one thing to say about this: WRITE YOUR CONGRESSPERSON!
> The FBI and BATF storm troopers must not be allowed to get away with
> this.  Demand a full investigation of the Waco survivor's story of
> the lantern being knocked over by the tank.  We can't bring anybody
> back from the dead, but we may be able to send a few of them to
> political hell.

I heard over NPR yesterday morning that Arlan Specter, Senator from
Pennsylvania, has already called for a Congressional investigation.
The problem is that Specter was one of the key government attorneys several
years ago who did what he could to coverup facts in the assassinations
of JFK and others.  That is to say, the Chief Fox wants to check out
the hen house.  Writing your representatives is a great idea.  When
you do ask that they keep Specter and his cronies far away from 
any investigation.
> 
> Would someone please post the generic addresses for Congress and 
> Senate so that we can all write letters?
-- 
 *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 Joe Gaut                    |   In the super-state, it really does not
 <f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu> |   matter at all what actually happened.
 Red-neck and proud of it.   |   Truth is what the government chooses to 
                             |   tell you.  Justice is what it wants to happen.
					Jim Garrison, New Orleans, La.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54864
From: johnt@meaddata.com (John Townsend)
Subject: Re: Clinton wants National ID card, aka USSR-style "Internal Passport"

In article <66767@mimsy.umd.edu>, tms@cs.umd.edu (Tom Swiss (not Swift, not Suiss, Swiss!)) writes:
|> johnston@cyberia.win.net (Robert Johnston) writes:
|> >>
|> >>How 'bout we embed the `card` in the forhead of everyones skull ? 
|> >>Can't lose it without being already dead (ergo, no need for treatment).
|> >>
|> >Close, at birth we implant a smart chip just behind the ear under the skin but
|> >above the skull.  We incase it in a hypo-allergenic high carbon content
|> >glass.  This chip would be reprogrammed as we age with the pertinent
|> >medical, correctional, taxational data.  Behave yourself or we'll 
|> >input it into your permenant record.
|> 
|>      You forgot the part about encasing it in a small shaped charge so that
|> if anyone tries to tamper with it, it explodes and kills you.
|> 
|>      Oh, and the shaped charge can be set off by remote control...but only
|> if you get out of line. Properly patriotic citizens have nothing to fear.

At Algor's insistance, the shaped charge will automatically detonate after
thirty years, a la "Logan's Run," in order to maintain population control.

--
// John Townsend                 Reduce,           Reuse Engineering & Modeling
// Mead Data Central             Reuse,                ...!uunet!meaddata!johnt
// 9595 Springboro Pike          Recycle...                  johnt@meaddata.com
// Miamisburg, OH  45342            software!                    (513) 865-7250 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54865
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1


In article <feustelC5tw49.7p5@netcom.com> feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:
>I predict that the outcome of the study of what went wrong with the
>Federal Assault in Waco will result in future assaults of that type
>being conducted as full-scale military operations with explicit
>shoot-to-kill directives.

And done in SECRET ... :-)

Did anybody notice it is the TREASURY DEPT (The FBI and BATF, in other words)
that Clinton wants to do the investigation?  In other words, investigating
themselves?

He sure didn't seem very enthusiastic about Congress doing the investigation,
I notice:  "... well, they can do what they want..."  (Probably insert
a pout here...)

Does anybody smell the attempt for a WHITEWASH?  Betcha the Justice
Dept investigation will, AT MOST say "Possible Poor Judjement.  Too bad..."

Grrr.

>-- 
>Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>
>
>I'm beginning to look forward to reaching the %100 allocation of taxes
>to pay for the interest on the national debt. At that point the
>federal government will be will go out of business for lack of funds.


-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54866
From: v111qheg@ubvmsb.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION)
Subject: Civil Rights Violations


I'm putting together a list of the civil rights violations perpetrated against
the Davidians by the FBI/BATF. Here is what I've got so far. Care to add
any or provide more backup info?

First Amendment:
1) FBI/BATF violated Davidians right to free exercise of religion from the 
	start. We now have a de facto precident against any minority religion.
2) FBI/BATF violated BD right to free speach by:
	a> preventing them to speak to media
	b> preventing them from practicing their beliefs
3) FBI/BATF violated the freedom of the press by:
	a> keeping them 2 miles from the Davidians
	b> preventing the media to cover the FBI/BATF actions close-up
	c> censoring media reports
4) FBI/BATF violated the BD's right to peaceable assemble
	a> proven by initial baseless assault

Second Amendment:
1) The BATF went after them because they had too many guns and guns that the
	FBI/BATF didn't approve of. 'Nuff Said.

Fourth Amendment:
1) The right of the BD's to be "secure in their persons, houses, papers, and
   effects against unreasonable searches and seizures" was violated by:
	a> Initial baseless assault

Fifth Amendment:
1) The Davidians were "held to answer for a capital or otherwise infamous
   crime" without a "presentment or indictment by a Grand Jury."
2) The Davidians were "deprived of life, liberty, and property without due 
   process of law.

Sixth Amendment:
1) The accused were denied the right to "a speedy and public trial by an
   impartial jury" when the FBI became judge, jury and executioner.
2) The BD's were never informed of the specific "nature anad cause of the
   accusation."

Eighth Amendment:
1) The Davidians suffered cruel and unusual punishment when:
	a> The FBI cut off the water to the ranch
	b> The FBI used Psy-War (loudspeakers broacasting the screams of
	   dying rabbits and Tibetian Chants)
	c> The FBI prevented family members from contacting their family
	   inside the ranch.
	d> The FBI used tear-gas against them (especially the children)
	e> The FBI burned the ranch down.
	f> Thoes who escaped were imprisoned without bail without a hearing.

Anything I miss?

--PV

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54868
From: f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

In article <1993Apr23.143857.5484@oneb.almanac.bc.ca>, kmcvay@oneb.almanac.bc.ca (Ken Mcvay) writes:

	[...deleted...]
> 
> Hear, hear! I'd also like to see the autopsy reports confirm news reports
> that multiple victims were found shot (in the head), and in positions
> inconsistent with fire victims. It is simply too early to draw conclusions
> either way about this nasty incident, but I tend to believe the government
> side.                                     ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> ^^^^
> -- 

At least you're consistent.  I'm sure the highly propagandized Germans
tended to believe their government's version too in the thirties and
forties as those "different" highly demonized Jewish "cultists" met
their fate.  Always trust your government.

> The Old Frog's Almanac - A Salute to That Old Frog Hisse'f, Ryugen Fisher 
>      (604) 245-3205 (v32) (604) 245-4366 (2400x4) SCO XENIX 2.3.2 GT 
>   Ladysmith, British Columbia, CANADA. Serving Central Vancouver Island  
> with public access UseNet and Internet Mail - home to the Holocaust Almanac

-- 
 *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 Joe Gaut                    |   In the super-state, it really does not
 <f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu> |   matter at all what actually happened.
     Remember the Alamo      |   Truth is what the government chooses to 
       Remember Waco         |   tell you.  Justice is what it wants to happen.
                                        --Jim Garrison, New Orleans, La.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54869
From: f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1ra073INNcgu@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:
> 
> I tend to agree, but I would like a better explanation of why the FBI stopped  
> the firetrucks at the gate.  I saw this in realtime.  It concerns me that the  
> FBI "appeared" to not be too interested in stopping the fire after it started,  
> and actually started flying hueys around the compound, which had to add in some  
> small part to the winds driving the fire.
> 
> Jim
> --
I understand fire trucks had been at the site for several weeks but were
sent home three or four days before the assault.  Can anyone confirm this?

-- 
 *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 Joe Gaut                    |   In the super-state, it really does not
 <f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu> |   matter at all what actually happened.
     Remember the Alamo      |   Truth is what the government chooses to 
       Remember Waco         |   tell you.  Justice is what it wants to happen.
                                        --Jim Garrison, New Orleans, La.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54870
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr21.053035.29591@mcs.kent.edu>, mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu (The Lawnmowerman) writes:

> > Oh, then, I guess that shooting THOSE kind of babies is all right.
> > You sick bastard.

> Why thanks for your reply to my post.  By the way, I never, never ever said 
> that it was right to shoot "THOSE kind" of babies.  

Let's go to the videotape.  Here's exactly what you posted:

> > THIS IS MURDER!
> > ATF MURDERERS!  BUTCHERS!!

> Flame on!!
> Is this guy serious????
> If he would ever really pay attention to the news (oops I forgot that the media
>    for the most part loves to jump right on top of a story before all the facts 
>    are known, as well as to manipulate what we see and thus what we believe). 
>    Any ways one of Koresh's DEVOTED followers that DID I REPEAT DID survive this
>    "GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE".  Besides there are nine 
>    survivors in the burn-unit of the local hospital and was reported that David
> -> was in one of the towers when the shit hit the fan.  Besides, a majority of 
> -> these children were children that he was supposed to have been the father of,
> -> this then makes them bastard children to a sacraligious zeloit (sp).  Also
>    someone should have told David and his followers that if they can't the heat
>    then they should stay out of the kitchen!! (pun intended)

So if you weren't saying that the deaths of "bastard children of a sacreligious
zealot" was no big thing (and I know I am not the only one who read it that
way), just what the hell WERE you saying?

> However it was the Branch
> Davidian people in there that insisted on staying there with their "savior" 
> (yeah right budy boy) because he had brain-washed them into believing that 
> what ever he says is the truth, even if means that they are to give up their
> lives for <<<<HIS>>>> cause.  Therefore it is Davids fault and not the ATF's
> who gave them 50 to 51 days to get out, this was 50 days to many for me and
> for many of the rest of the U.S. 

So who brainwashed YOU into believing that whatever the government says it
the truth?  Or that Koresh was any actual threat to you and the rest of the 
US?  Haven't you ever stopped to wonder WHY the government raided this farm?
This raid was NOT ABOUT RELIGION, SEX, OR CHILD ABUSE.  To the best available
evidence at the moment, this raid, psychological torture, and group death was 
about Koresh's failure to PAY A $200 TAX on ONE grenade launcher that he may 
or may not even have had!  That's why it was the BATF doing the raiding in the
first place.

Do you think a $200 tax evasion justifies an armed assault by the government
with 100 armed men in trailers, orchestrated character assassination, noise
torture, and a holocaust?

> I am however sad to hear of the death of any 
> child unlike the sick bastard I supposedly am.

Then think before you post.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54871
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

In article <1993Apr21.021301.25113@r-node.hub.org>, ndallen@r-node.hub.org (Nigel Allen) writes:
> Here is a press release from the White House.

>      Number one, that there was a limit to how long the
> federal authorities could maintain with their limited resources the
> quality and intensity of coverage by experts there.  

Lucky they brought the situation to a prompt resolution before they had to 
turn things over to the amateurs.

> They might be needed in other parts of the country.

God help us all.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54872
From: fiddler@concertina.Eng.Sun.COM (steve hix)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

In article <1993Apr21.045548.17418@news.cs.brandeis.edu> st922957@pip.cc.brandeis.edu writes:
>
>Y'know, when the right to bear arms was "invented", 

It wasn't "invented", but was supposed by the writers of the Constitution
to be a universal, pre-existing right. Howsomever...

>all we had to worry about was the shotgun and pistol. 

Hmmm.  You need to spend some time in a library, son.

When the Bill of Rights was written, in addition to the (muzzleloading)
shotgun and pistol you mention we had:

 - rifles in calibers ranging from around .30 to .69 caliber and up.
 - cannon with various different projectiles to choose from (and owned
   by civilians).
 - breech-loading rifles

In addition, semiautomatic and full-automatic firearms had been patented
and/or demonstrated by several people in various places during the preceding
century or so.

>Now, we have to worry about drive-bys
>with Uzis sparaying the entire neighborhood with bullets.

Sounds good.  Any refererences to this actually happening, or is it
just exaggeration for effect following one or more incidents of someone
firing a handful of shots from something that may or may not be an
Uzi, semi- or full-auto?

>Just because someting was good once, does not mean it will be forever.

Until the root conditions that justified it go away (criminal behavior,
either private or government, which should be defended against), there's
no reason it should go away.

-- 
-------------------------------------------------------
| Some things are too important not to give away      |
| to everybody else and have none left for yourself.  |
|------------------------ Dieter the car salesman-----|

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54873
From: fiddler@concertina.Eng.Sun.COM (steve hix)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <CMM.0.90.2.735386976.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no> Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:
>
>I don't remember the figures EXACTLY, but there were about 3500 deaths in Texas
>in 1991 that was caused by guns.....

That includes suicides.  Since it has been shown in other countries that
suicide rates are pretty much independent of the means available for
doing oneself in (studies include some done/published in Japan, Canada,
Austria, Norway), suicides ought not be included in the count.

If this is done, the number of vehicle-related deaths greatly exceeds that
of firearms-related deaths in Texas.

>*I* should not suffer because of others....

Certainly not.

>We all agree on this one, BUT we also live in a sociaty and therefor
>we'll have to give up *SOME* of our 'freedom' (Note the '').

Why?  Unless it's doing something that directly hurts someone else, what's
the point?  (Otherwise, you'd better stop operating all motor vehicles, since
the price of operating them *greatly* exceeds the cost in lives of firearms.

>One state (don't remember which, Texas??) tried to impose a rule that you could
>only buy ONE gun each MONTH. Think you all know what happened.....

WEll, it's been done at least twice.  South (North?) Carolina did it a few
years back...and watched its crime rate relative to the rest of the country
rise quite a bit.

Virginia just passed the law...no word yet on what the results will be, but
I'd be willing ot bet that a reduction in crime rates won't be one of them.

>I respect the right to defend yourself, but that right should not inflict on
>other people.

Self-defense doesn't "inflict" on other people (except perhaps the criminal
who's tried to do you damage, and maybe indirectly on future potential victims
who might not become victims).



-- 
-------------------------------------------------------
| Some things are too important not to give away      |
| to everybody else and have none left for yourself.  |
|------------------------ Dieter the car salesman-----|

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54874
From: chuan@stein.u.washington.edu (Chuan "infamous" Lee)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tKI1.C8s@rice.edu> fontenot@ravl.rice.edu (Dwayne Jacques Fontenot) writes:
>Too bad nothing will happen to her or him. The FBI and the media have
>done their job well.

Just want to make a comment on this.  If you live in this country long
enough, you should realize the media is no friend of the govt.  I am
only concerned about fact that the media like to jump to conclusion
before the facts.  But I am sure they are good in digging dirt as
well; afterall, they like the controversial events, which of course
make news.

--Chuan.
*=========================================================================*
| Chuan "infamous" Lee                Email: chuan@stein.u.washington.edu |
| U of Washington, Seattle.                                               |
*=========================================================================*

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54875
From: f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu
Subject: Re: Waco aflame





		ABOLISH CULTS!

			START WITH THE F.B.I.


			

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54876
From: mccall@mksol.dseg.ti.com (fred j mccall 575-3539)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

In <1993Apr21.160642.12470@ringer.cs.utsa.edu> whughes@lonestar.utsa.edu (William W. Hughes) writes:

>In article <feustelC5tw49.7p5@netcom.com> feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:
>>I predict that the outcome of the study of what went wrong with the
>>Federal Assault in Waco will result in future assaults of that type
>>being conducted as full-scale military operations with explicit
>>shoot-to-kill directives.

>You mean they aren't already? Could have fooled me.

Only because you are apparently easy to fool.  In other words, your
remark is obviously from someone who wouldn't know the difference.

-- 
"Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live
 in the real world."   -- Mary Shafer, NASA Ames Dryden
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fred.McCall@dseg.ti.com - I don't speak for others and they don't speak for me.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54877
From: rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu (Mr. Nice Guy)
Subject: ATF, Not enought to do

The best reason to abolishing the ATF is that they don't have enough
to do.  If the organization were disbanded and its duties assigned to
the FBI (firearms) and IRS (tobacco and alcohol).  Both of these
organizations have enough to do.  The FBI is probably not going to try
to get a criminal charge of illegal machine gun for having a broken
gun.
 
There have been postings stating that law enforcement should be
divided and and weak.  But there is nothing more dangerous to
liberties than a law enforcement agency without enough criminals to
chase.  The ATF is one and look at the trouble it started in
Waco.
 

--
Rod Anderson  N0NZO         | "I do not think the United States government
Boulder, CO                 | is responsible for the fact that a bunch of
rcanders@nyx.cs.du.edu      | fanatics decided to kill themselves"
satellite  N0NZO on ao-16   |        Slick Willie the Compassionate

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54878
From: cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

On 21 Apr 93 05:06:08 GMT, Tim Smith (tzs@stein.u.washington.edu) wrote:
> feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:
> >We have NO evidence that BATF & FBI would not have started shooting
> >when and if people had started coming out of the burning building.

> Oh?  How about the press?  If the BATF & FBI were going to shoot people
> leaving a burning building, don't you think they would get rid of the
> press first?

Oh, you mean something like moving the press back to a single
location, 2 miles away from the "compound"?  The press was allowing
into foxholes in Vietnam, but it's "too dangerous" to allow them near
the Branch Davidians?...  There's something skewed about the logic here. 

--
Charles Scripter   *   cescript@phy.mtu.edu
Dept of Physics, Michigan Tech, Houghton, MI 49931
-------------------------------------------------------------
"...when all government... in little as in great things, shall be
drawn to Washington as the centre of all power, it will render
powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will
become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we
separated."   Thomas Jefferson, 1821

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54879
From: peten@iat.holonet.net (Pete Norton)
Subject: Re: Feds Caught in Another Lie

-- 
Pete Norton
peten@well.sf.ca.us
peten@holonet.net    
norton@hou.amoco.com          

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54880
From: pmgt1425@altair.selu.edu
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <93112.153005MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU>, <MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU> writes:
> From A.P. :  According to numerous accounts by those in the compound,
> the fire was started by an armoured vehicle crushing a large propane
> tank, and turning over numerous gas lanterns.
> 
> Medical Examiners have found no bullet wounds, as was stated by the
> FBI, on the corpses.
> 
> I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem willing to accept
> the governments story, despite much evidence to the contrary.  But then
> again, that is how Mr. Clinton was elected, by people who believe that
> his campaign promisses would be respected by him once he got into office.
> If people will believe that of any politican, it is little wonder they
> will believe all of the factoids being given out as fact by the
> Clinton/Reno/FBI/BATF confederation.

CNN reported tonight that some bodies were found with bullet holes in their
heads.  However, I have no information on the possible causes.

This is not to say that Government stories are to be taken at the face value in
this case, but to jump to conclusion at this stage may be the source of
embarrassment in the future.  Let's be paranoic, this may be a ploy to smoke
out the opposition and decredit them.  :-)

Comparison of this incidence to Tienanmen Square is made in soc.culture.china. 
Just in case you need more ammunition to shoot at each other.  :-)

No matter which side you are on this Waco issue, are you ready to die defending
your cause?

Peace be with you.

Pete

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54882
From: spl@pitstop.ucsd.edu (Steve Lamont)
Subject: Re: A Message for you Mr. President: How do you know what happened?

In article <C5t14M.Ku2@acsu.buffalo.edu> v111qheg@ubvmsb.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION) writes:
>	Well, this is still the land of the free for the time being. Individuals
>are supposed be able to do what they please unless it infringes upon the rights
>of someone else. Owning FULLY automatic machine guns is also permitted by
>law if you have a CLASS III FEDERAL FIREARMS LICENSE and have paid the transfer
>tax. If you are refering to the .50 cal the feds claim the BD to have had, 
>I have used .50 cal for 3000 yard target shooting. It a legitimate and 
>challenging sport. 

I'm getting tired of these wimpy Liberals whining about gun control,
too!  Ya know, the Second Amendment says

	A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a
	free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms,
	shall not be infringed.

Now, notice, it says *arms*.  Not guns.  Arms.

The Comsymp ZOG wants you to think that it is the only legitimate
possessor of nuclear weapons.  Unconstitutional!  You and I have just
as much right to a kilogram or two of nice weapons grade plutonium as
any cruddy little pointy headed liberal Los Alamos pinkos.

Support your right to keep and bear short range nuclear weapons.  It's
a legitimate and challenging sport.

And screw the limit.

							spl
-- 
Steve Lamont, SciViGuy -- (619) 534-7968 -- spl@szechuan.ucsd.edu
San Diego Microscopy and Imaging Resource/UC San Diego/La Jolla, CA 92093-0608
"My other car is a car, too."
                 - Bumper strip seen on I-805

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54883
From: loki@acca.nmsu.edu (Entropic Destroyer)
Subject: Denver Post yanks 'Assault Ads'


The Denver Post (supposed voice of the supposed Rocky Mountain Empire)
ran the following in the 'Firearms, Supplies' classified heading on 
Friday, 23 April 1993.  If you have an opinion about their new found
wisdom, I am told that the person to speak with is one Mr. Walters,
(303)820-1267.

	Notice

	The Denver Post will no longer 
	knowingly accept any advertise-
	ment to buy or sell assault weap-
	ons.  The Denver Post finds that 
	the use of assault weapons poses
	a threat to the health, safety, and
	security of its readers.

Let 'em know what you think...

--Dan
--
Spooksmoke: Revolution, Assasination, Thorium, Cobalt-60, Clintin, CIA, NSA, SHC
  DoD #202 / loki@acca.nmsu.edu / liberty or death / taylordf@ucsu.colorado.edu 
                 Send me something even YOU can't read...
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.2

mQCNAitfksQAAAEEAKceEjWI9f5KMJyKP0LOgC5dGHRpbMY2xhOo8kpEHMDyuf8a
1BfDQSj53kosTz6HRoshSDzLVuL1/40vPjmMNtFR+vyZ4jvd3rL4iuq2umMmex3M
itf3uLt8Xn/v/QAbsvhcFSHVJVK4Lf6wosuCMO03m2TiX31AI7VB0Uzo4yXjAAUX
tCREYW5pZWwgRiBUYXlsb3IgPExva2lAYWNjYS5ubXN1LmVkdT4=
=S5ib
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54884
From: mcgoy@unicorn.acs.ttu.edu (David McGaughey)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

After seeing William Sessions on television, explaining the great lengths
to which the FBI went to determine the suicidal tendancies of David Koresh, 
I got the very unpleasent feeling that Koresh had manipulated the FBI's 
perceptions much the way he manipulated his own followers.

Maybe I was manipulated by the news story.

David McGaughey
Texas Tech University

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54885
From: gt5311b@prism.gatech.EDU (BHATTACHARYA,ABHIJIT)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r4ef7$408@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:

>Do you think a $200 tax evasion justifies an armed assault by the government
>with 100 armed men in trailers, orchestrated character assassination, noise
>torture, and a holocaust?

I doubt if Koresh had let the BATF have a look inside his place as they 
intended to do, "orchestrated character assassination, noise torture, and
a holocaust" would never have come to pass.

The BD's killed members of the BATF on the first day. "Orchestrated character
assassination and noise torture" seem like a small retribution.  The use
of tanks is quesionable however.



--Abhijit
-- 
BHATTACHARYA,ABHIJIT
Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta Georgia, 30332
uucp:	  ...!{decvax,hplabs,ncar,purdue,rutgers}!gatech!prism!gt5311b
Internet: gt5311b@prism.gatech.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54886
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Change of name ??

In article <CMM.0.90.2.735383339.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no>, Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:

> I'm NOT trying to censor this or any newsgroup, I'm just trying to
> give some hints about OTHER newsgroups.
> Doesn't this belong to alt.conspiracy ??

Drop three billiard balls on a ramp, and they all roll in the same
direction.  Pour some blood into the sea, and sharks will converge
from miles around.  Throw a pebble at one starling, and all 200 will
depart.

Natural processes can mimic the outward results of conspiracy when no
actual conspiracy is required.

Put a government functionary in an embarrassing situation, and he
quickly covers his ass.

This, too, is completely natural.

> About Waco
> It looks to me as the BATF and FBI can't handle situations like this.

It looks that way to me, too.  But you have to understand that it's NOT 
the first time they have instigated raids like these.  The most recent
one ALSO ended up in a long standoff, but it wasn't quite as public
as this one, and they didn't kill quite as many people.  Maybe this 
screwup will make them think long and hard about raiding any more 
residences in this manner.  But probably not.

> The way it went reminds me of 'stun' bomb beeing dropped on a house
> in LA from a helicopter. (Whole block went up in flames, 5 died...)

I assume you're talking about Philadelphia.

> It doesn't HAVE to be a conspiracy, MAYBE they just screwed up ???

If you're a fan of conspiracies, the time to make that batch of
popcorn is AFTER the screwup, when it's time for the coverup.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54887
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: news says BATF indictment/warrant unsealed...

In article <1993Apr21.051417.23137@husc3.harvard.edu>, kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim) writes:

> Other News:
> Sniper injures 9 outside MCA buildling in L.A.  Man arrested--suspect
> was disgruntled employee of Universal Studios, which
> is a division of M.C.A.

Shooting those .44 cal. blanks, I suspect.  Them movie guys is dangerous.

> QUESTION:
> What will Californians do with all those guns after the Reginald
> denny trial?

Practice with them, I hope.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54888
From: strnlght@netcom.com (David Sternlight)
Subject: Re: text of White House announcement and Q&As on clipper chip encryption


For those who didn't figure it out, the below message was a reply to another
in sci.crypt, for which the poster put t.p.g. in the Followup-To line. I
didn't notice that. Apologies to those who were confused.

The substance makes little sense unless one reads the prior messages.

However, I don't wish to enter into this discussion here, as it will be yet
another rehearsal of a long-tired set of arguments. Suffice it to say that I
disagree both with the interpretation of "well-regulated" in the Second
Amendment offered by gun lovers, and what I think to be their distortion of
the same phrase in the associated Federalist papers. My Webster and my
reading of the language convinces me that the word meant both under control,
and disciplined, and not 'of good marksmanship'. I think the latter a
special interest pleading. No one has yet shown a contemporateous reference
in which "well regulated" unambiguously meant 'of good marksmanship', and
not under control/disciplined, etc.

Thus I continue to believe the Second Amendment is a militia clause and not
an 'arming everyone' clause. Others are welcome to disagree (as I know many
do) and little would be served by rehashing this topic in this particular
forum.

To avoid flames, or unproductive rehashings, I note that I've come in here
to post this one message, just to clarify the one below. I'm now outta here
again though I'm available via e-mail.

David

In article <strnlghtC5tr6D.n3n@netcom.com> strnlght@netcom.com (David
Sternlight) writes:

>
>Though I agree this is not the place to discuss guns, I note in passing that
>a number of gun apologists seem to have ignored the words "well regulated"
>in their distorted interpretations of the Second Amendment.
>
>David
>-- 
>David Sternlight         Great care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of
>                         our information, errors and omissions excepted.  
>
>


-- 
David Sternlight         Great care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of
                         our information, errors and omissions excepted.  



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54889
From: tedwards@eng.umd.edu (Thomas Grant Edwards)
Subject: Need info on Waco, Machineguns

A really sad op-ed appeared in my school's newpaper today.  It
claimed that full-auto weapons are illegal in the U.S.
I understand that full-auto weapons made and registered before
May 19, 1986 are still legal in 40 of the 50 states.  Is
Texas one of those states?

Can anyone point me to a source for info on how many people have been 
killed by legal full-auto weapons in the U.S.?

And finally, I think it would be great if anyone was keeping a digest
of facts on the Waco incident.  In particular, I would like a source
for the FBI/BATF mentioning the supposed methamphetamine lab, and
information on the beginning of the raid, specifically BATF
lies.

I am also interested in past BATF no-knock warrents which have lead
to personal and property damage against innocent citizens.

I intend to put together a reply to this op-ed very soon.  The author
of the piece states he wants to work for the BATF.  gack!  

-Thomas


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54890
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r3j2k$da2@menudo.uh.edu>, HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.) writes:
> > :> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day
> > :> in Texas. 

> > :Do YOU eat all your food cold?
> 
>   Minor quibble:  The assualt (and it was one) began near dawn.  The fire did
> not break out for several hours.  I find it highly unlikely that the BD would
> be cooking lunch while armored vehicles punch holes in their house and are
> pumping in tear gas. 

Look, I don't want to bore everybody here with the physics of woodstoves,
but they're not anything like your Caloric gas range.  It takes about
three hours for a woodstove to get hot enough to cook on, and afterwards 
you can't just "shut it off" -- it will contain hot embers for over 24 
hours even after you choke it COMPLETELY.

So it ain't exactly "light up the stove and cook me a batch of them 
pancakes, Aunt J..."  If you use a woodstove for cooking, or even for
heating your house at night, you will have it lit to SOME extent all 
the time.  Trust me on this one, I speak from experience.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54891
From: meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers)
Subject: Re: HR 1276 ("A gun law I can live with!" :-)

In article <1993Apr15.171601.25930@dg-rtp.dg.com>, meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers) [me! :-] writes:
>                                     A BILL 
>   
> To establish the right to obtain firearms for security, and
>     to use firearms in defense of self, family, or home, and
>     to provide for the enforcement of such right.

... in response to which ...

In article <1qkeo9$drg@eagle.natinst.com> chrisb@natinst.com (Chris Bartz) writes:
[ ... ]
>So, you have the right unless the Federal Government says you don't.
>I don't think I like this very much.

... and ...

In article <1qkshq$l39@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
writes:
[ ... ]
>Maybe I'm too "religious," but when I see a bill to "establish a right,"
>I wince.  Keep in mind, what the law giveth, the law can taketh away.

... and ...

In article <1ql3aiINN41c@gap.caltech.edu> arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clement
s) writes:
[ ... ]
>right mentioned in the bill is already established under the Second
>Amendment; the bill should be reworded to reaffirm the Second Amendment


Hey, guys.  You're absolutely correct, and well on the way to winning
this battle ... and losing the war.  Yes, there are serious philosophical
flaws in HR 1276.  Technical ones, too -- how'd you like to sue the Feds,
lose, and have to pay _their_ "reasonable Attorney's fee" ... ?    :-)

Still, I have one basic question:  compared to what we've _got_ is HR 1276
(a) better, or (b) worse?  This one shouldn't even take you three guesses.

If there's a good enough show of support for HR 1276, maybe for a change
_we_ could be the ones saying "it's a reasonable first step" ...
--------
The 2nd Amendment is about sovereignty, not duck hunting

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54892
From: allanl@microsoft.com (Allan Lockridge)
Subject: Re: CNN for sale

Count me in for $1000.00.  

Allan Lockridge

My Opinions are my own and are not for sale.
-- 
Allan Lockridge -- Allanl

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54893
From: gardner@convex.com (Steve Gardner)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r3j2k$da2@menudo.uh.edu> HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.) writes:
>  Minor quibble:  The assualt (and it was one) began near dawn.  The fire did
>not break out for several hours.  
	Minor quibble back at you.  I am in the same general area as
	the Koresh compound and I can tell you that the air was quite
	chilly that morning, especially with the high winds that
	were blowing. (Of course the swiss cheese walls made it
	even worse. ;-)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54894
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Cost/Benefit Analysis (was FBI Director's Statement...)

In article <93111.094609MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU>, <MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU> writes:
> Has anyone noticed or commented on the fact that so many of those who
> were willing, nay demanding, that we wait forever for Mr Hussein and
> Iraq, that we use tremendously costly "sanctions", to avoid a loss
> of life, are now at the fore front of those clammoring that we should
> have smashed those "religious radicals" and we were wasting money allowing
> this stand off to go on  ? 

No.  I see many of the same groups protesting both.  I also know people
who feel exactly the opposite (i.e., treat citizens better than Saddam).

> How the worm turns when the sect changes.

Hey!  Sect changes are still illegal in Texas!
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54895
From: bb063@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Christopher J. Crobaugh)
Subject: Re: Janet Reno on Nightline


It's worse than you show it.....look for Janet REno and others to
link the words "child abuse" and "p[rivate stores of guns" from
now on out.
-- 
bb063@Cleveland.Freenet.Edu  Chris Crobaugh - (216) 327-6655 (V)
"Those who would sacrifice essential liberties for a little 
temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." B. Franklin

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54896
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...


In article <1r1die$4t@transfer.stratus.com>, cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>In article <1993Apr20.050550.4660@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca>, j979@jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca (FULLER  M) writes:
>
>> Yet, the FBI mouthpiece at this afternoon's press conference characterized
>> the quantity of CS gas pumped into the building as "massive", and speculated
>> that after a few hours of exposure any Davidian gas masks would become
>> useless.
>> 
>> Does this sound "not harmful" to you?
>
>Hm.  A previous poster argued that the fact that the BD's did not rush to
>escape the burning building indicated that it was they, and not any of the
>government actions, that started the fire.  On the other hand, I wonder if,
>with a face full of "massive amounts of CS," *I* would be able to escape
>a burning tinder-box like that ranch house assuming my best efforts.

Imagine, you have been under seige for almost two months by an enemy which you
believe wants to kill you.  Suddenly, they pump tear gas into your building and
punch holes in it with tanks.  Then a fire breaks out.  Do you run outside to
be slaughtered, or stay and face your fate.

Check Ethiopia vs. Italy in WWII for some answers to that question.
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54897
From: eck@panix.com (Mark Eckenwiler)
Subject: Re: Waco fire

In <C601ED.CD6@cpqhou.se.hou.compaq.com>, thomasr@cpqhou.se.hou.compaq.com sez:
>
>The Houston Chronicle last Thursday (maybe Wednesday) said that
>the interior of walls had been covered with hay bales to help
>protect against bullets.  Many of you know how fast dry hay
>burns.

This is all terribly interesting, but it doesn't belong in misc.legal.
Take it elsewhere, please.

-- 
        Have you hugged your common nucleus of operative fact today?

	   Mark Eckenwiler    eck@panix.com    ...!cmcl2!panix!eck

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54898
From: turmoil@halcyon.com (Tim Crowley)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

cathyf@is.rice.edu (Catherine Anne Foulston) writes:

>Could y'all PLEASE stop posting this stuff to tx.general.  tx.politics
>is sufficient and is where this stuff belongs.  Thanks.

>	Cathy
>-- 
>Cathy Foulston + Rice University + Network & Systems Support + cathyf@rice.edu

WHY??????????




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54899
From: fred@sma2.rain.com (Fred Brooks)
Subject: Two found shot inside compound.

Today the Texas ME found two people, a man and a woman shot in the head
inside the burned compound. But these were not the people that the FBI
described a few days before. The FBI said that the person found in front of
the compound had been shot and several children were also. The two people
found today were on top of the main inside concrete bunker that provided
the most protection during the fire. So the comment that children were
shot is still not proved.

-- 
Defend your 2nd amendment rights. 
NRA ACLU VFW
Fred Brooks   			        Portland Oregon

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54900
From: jagst18+@pitt.edu (Josh A Grossman)
Subject: More on stupid media

I just heard on CNN that the Texas Rangers found an M60 machine gun
in the BD compound Rubble.  The newscaster called this a new hi-tech
military weapon!  HA HA!!  I would bet that it is that Rock Armory
M60 semi-auto, or that it was leagally owned and the tax was paid.

What year was the M60 patented?

Just showing you how the media is twisting the facts,
Josh


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54903
From: 0005111312@mcimail.com (Peter Nesbitt)
Subject: Who do I write to now?

Okay.  I have my copies of all relevant gun-control bills.  I'm mad as hell.
I want to get involved.  I want to join the battle to protect our Second
Amendment Rights.

Who do I write?

Who should I concentrate on writing my comments to?  The actual author of the
bill?  The supporters of the bill?  My Congressman?  My Senator?  Newspapers?
Magazines?  All of the above?

I don't believe that I will change the world, but at least I am going to throw
a few punches.  Can any of you offer any advice or suggestions to me as I now
begin to get involved here?

Thanks for replying directly to me via e-mail.

pnesbitt@mcimail.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54904
From: turmoil@halcyon.com (Tim Crowley)
Subject: Re: Waco fire

eck@panix.com (Mark Eckenwiler) writes:

>In <C601ED.CD6@cpqhou.se.hou.compaq.com>, thomasr@cpqhou.se.hou.compaq.com sez:
>>
>>The Houston Chronicle last Thursday (maybe Wednesday) said that
>>the interior of walls had been covered with hay bales to help
>>protect against bullets.  Many of you know how fast dry hay
>>burns.

>This is all terribly interesting, but it doesn't belong in misc.legal.
>Take it elsewhere, please.


But of course it does.   It's certainly a legal matter.  If it's not a
legal matter that interest *you* you may simply put it in your kill
file. 

Seeeeee Ya  turmoil@halcyon.com   FUCK THE POLICE!!!!



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54905
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <CMM.0.90.2.735413309.thomasp@surt.ifi.uio.no>, Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:

> I`m NOT saying you should ban guns, OR that you should take them away
> from responsible owners.

But this is all gun control laws end up doing.  Politicians can never
manage to get a handle on those who obtain arms illegally, so all their
laws can ever do is further restrict people who obtain them legally.

Karen McNutt, a local attorney, states that there are about two MILLION
licensed gun owners in Massachusetts.  In the past year, the number of
licensed gun owners involved in gun crimes was something like SIX.
Yet, there were a large number of gun crimes in the state last year.

Does passing laws that will further restricting only those people ALREADY
obeying laws pay any dividents?

> All I`m saing is that guns should be treated with respect from owners, sellers
> AND legislators. 

So far, I've seen them treated with the least respect by legislators.

> I believe guns are a problem in many countries and that crime rates
> WOULD fell if they were more restricted.

See, this is what I call the "argument from religion:" "I believe."  Don't
believe -- it's not NECESSARY to take this on faith.  Go look at the history
of countries that passed gun restrictions.  Pay particular attention to
whether or not violent crime was HIGHER before the restrictions and LOWER
after.  (Don't look at "violent gun crimes," that's begging the question.)
You may be very surprised.

> If ALL crimes done with guns stopped AND all accidents also stopped or
> was reduced to a minimum THEN I would consider lifting all gun control.

You have this absolutely backwards.  If crime stopped in the presence of
strict gun control, there is NO WAY I would consider lifting any of it.
However, if gun control made absolutely NO IMPROVEMENT in the violent 
crime rate, THAT'S when I would have it lifted.  Think about it.

So far, none of the stats show any improvement...

> Likevise if car-accidents fell to a minimum in europe, I (and probably
> most people I know) would demand easier drivers-tests.
> (ca. 20 hours and more than 2500$ today....)

Do you really think driver's tests are any indication of your propensity
for having accidents?  

I've never known anybody stupid enough to take a driving test while 
drunk; after having been up all night; with two fighting kids in the 
back seat; with a hot cup of coffee on their lap; or while putting on 
makeup, reading the newspaper, or talking on their cellular phone.  
But that's what they're doing when they have those accidents.

> In other words -We should have legislation because it`s neccacery !!

How can anything that has no positive effect at all ever be "necessary?"

> The one gun/month case in Virginia:
> I was thinking about the reactions on the proposal...
> Loud screeming about civil rights and 2. amendment.

And it didn't help, any of it.

> Winnie the Poh:
> Do you want peace or weapons Winnie?
> -Yes please!

I'm sorry, I don't remember any story where Winnie the Pooh was
offered weapons.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54906
From: bbowen@megatest.com (Bruce Bowen)
Subject: Re: text of White House announcement and Q&As on clipper chip encryption

From article <strnlghtC5tr6D.n3n@netcom.com>, by strnlght@netcom.com (David Sternlight):
> 
> Though I agree this is not the place to discuss guns, I note in passing that
> a number of gun apologists seem to have ignored the words "well regulated"
> in their distorted interpretations of the Second Amendment.


"Well Regulated", at the time of its writing and in the context of the Second Amendment,
means "Properly trained and equipped."

It modern language it would read:

	A properly trained and equipped militia, being necessary to the security of
	a free state <note the word "free", it doesn't say "police"), the right of
	the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.

-Bruce

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54907
Subject: Re: Waco headlines and editorial in Boston Globe
From: steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu (Jason 'Think!' Steiner)

John Kim (kim39@scws8.harvard.edu) writes:

> Boston Globe, Wednesday April 21 1993
..
> LIttle in the way of rationality could be expected from Koresh, a 
> self-confessed "sinner without equal."

funny, if Koresh did say that, he was quoting St. Paul. of course, 
the early Christians were persecuted too. if Koresh is a loony 
because he quotes the Bible, how long is it before mainstream 
Christians become the target of the FBI's loving care and attention?

jason

--
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`
`,`                "Get off the cross. We need the wood."               `,`
`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,`,` steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu `,`,`,`

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54908
From: an030@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Broward Horne)
Subject: Re: A Message for you Mr. President: How do you know what happened?


In a previous article, spl@pitstop.ucsd.edu (Steve Lamont) says:

>In article <C5t14M.Ku2@acsu.buffalo.edu> v111qheg@ubvmsb.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION) writes:
>
>Now, notice, it says *arms*.  Not guns.  Arms.
>
>The Comsymp ZOG wants you to think that it is the only legitimate
>possessor of nuclear weapons.  Unconstitutional!  You and I have just
>as much right to a kilogram or two of nice weapons grade plutonium as
>any cruddy little pointy headed liberal Los Alamos pinkos.
>
>Support your right to keep and bear short range nuclear weapons.  It's
>a legitimate and challenging sport.

     Good. Another liberal converted by Waco!  If Dave had had something
     realistic, there would have been none of this "Bradley" vehicle
     crap.

        Somebody in talk.politics.guns was offering free NRA
        memberships.  Hurry up.




Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54909
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

In article <1993Apr21.091130.17788@ousrvr.oulu.fi>, dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas) writes:
> In article <viking.735378520@ponderous.cc.iastate.edu> viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson) writes:

> >I'll give
> >you a little hint:  see that manure pile in the farmer's field down the
> >road?  In the USA, that is a weapon of mass destruction, 

> Nope.  It is not considered a weapon.

Ironic, since it's pretty much what was used to blow up the World Trade
Center...
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54910
From: v111qheg@ubvmsb.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION)
Subject: Re: WACO burning

In article <C5v15A.7oo@dscomsa.desy.de>, hallam@zeus02.desy.de writes...
[... snip ...]

>|>>Has anyone in U.S. heard anything similar or are U.S. government
>|>>spin-doctors censoring such information?
>|>>
>|>>The B.B.C. news is also reporting that about 20 of those that died
>|>>were british citizens.
> 
>The B.B.C. are also reporting that bodies of B-D members were found
>with bullet wounds in a manner that suggests they may have been shot
>attempting to leave the compound during the fire.
> 
>There is a possibility that these are the bodies of people killed during
>the initial shootout.
> 
>Phill Hallam-Baker

Can you imagine what happens when a magazine explodes? Bullets go flying every
where. IMHO, these "gunshot wounds" were actually caused when the magazines 
went up. A Texas ranger does not a pathologist make, so I'll wait for an
autopsy to determine if they were shot first. 

Either way, they're all dead and the FBI & Atty. Gen. Vampria are still
responable.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54911
From: larry@peak.psl.nmsu.edu (Evil Engineer doin' it the Cowboy Way)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

>>>>> On 21 Apr 93 11:28:57 -0800, yodicet@gtewd.mtv.gtegsc.com said:

> Ah yes, I see a few liberal weenies have come out of the woodwork
> to defend the burning of the children. Probably drooled all over themselves
> while watching the TV coverage.
> 
> Probably had a few like that in Nazi Germany, as well.
> 
> Oh yeah, ATF/FBI now claims, according the the media, that there are
> a few survivors. The number seems to vary minute by minute.
> 
> 
> 
yodicet>
yodicet>
yodicet>

Hmm. You don't say..

L.
"Yeh, Buddy..            | larry@psl.nmsu.edu (Larry Cunningham)|  _~~_
 I've got your COMPUTER! | % Physical Science Laboratory        | (O)(-)
 Right HERE!!"           | New Mexico State University          |  /..\ 
 (computer THIS!)        | Las Cruces, New Mexico, USA 88003    |   <> 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Disclaimer: Opinions expressed here are CORRECT, mine, and not PSLs or NMSUs..
Oh sure, we could do it the _easy_ way. But it just wouldn't be the COWBOY WAY.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54912
From: sparker@tuba.calpoly.edu (Sean Lawrence Parker)
Subject: NRA commercial


Just saw a new commercial(?) by the NRA. It starts out with a 
bunch of politicians talking about how to get rid of crime.
They finally realize that they need to put criminals away
longer but there isn't enough jail space so they decide on another gun
law.( During this whole seen there quoteing various statistics on how
easy criminals get off ) 
In the next seen the politician is announceing on tv how this gun law 
will get rid of crime and there is this grungy looking guy (criminal)
watching him on tv just laughing his ass off.
Classic.

Sean


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54913
From: djh4484@rigel.tamu.edu (HARTY, DANIEL JOSEPH)
Subject: Re: What to do if you shoot somebody

In article <93108.025818U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>, Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes...
>I have heard many opinions on this subject and would like to hear more from
>the people on the net.
> 
>Say you're in a situation where you have to pull a gun on somebody.  You
>give them a chance to get away but they decided to continue in their
>action anyway and you end up shooting and killing them.  My question is
>what do you do?  Should you stay and wait for the cops or should you
>collect your brass (if you're using a semi-auto) and get out of there
>(provided of course you don't think that you have been seen)?  What kind
>of laws are on the books regarding this type of situation?  What would
>be the most likely thing to happen to you if you stayed and waited and
>it was a first offense?  What would happen if you took off but someone
>saw you and you were caught?
> 
>Anyone?
> 
> 
>Jason - u28037@uicvm.cc.uic.edu


If in said situation. I would, reviewing other cases I've seen reported
on in the articles I've read etc.., suggest the safest legal course of action
is as follows. Warn your assailant loudly and in clear tones that you have a 
weapon(Yes!Even though it's blatantly obvious now that you have it out!)
and that you will shoot him if he advances/does not cease whatever hostile 
action he is currently involved in.( ie: Drop the knife or I'll shoot!)
Repeat this process three times,if you can!(not if he's pointing a freaking
gun at you himself!That's kinda impractical.) (There are variables here and
I will try to address them in turn) After said warning (considering it's
 ignored) Aim center mass and fire until he drops! This is not sadism, it's
practicality.If he hasn't gone down he's still a threat!(Why I support .45)
IF HE TURNS AND RUNS DO NOT PURSUE OR FIRE AT HIS BACK! SHOT'S FIRED IN ANGER
WILL BURN YOU LATER! (Though in some cases the I can see where that might not
bother me all that much!) If you do drop him! REMAIN WHERE YOU ARE! Have a
Bystander or witness(Or Create one by yelling at the top of your lungs!)
call the police, and wait! Reholster your weapon VISIBLY! Or place it on 
the ground nearby. Do not attempt to recollect your brass.The police will
use it's location to piece together the scene along with your testimony and
that of any witnesses. Mentally mark witnesses! If the police say that none
came forward let them know who you saw! Attempt to keep your weapon loaded
with the minimum required(how the hell can I phrase this?) Try to avoid special
purpose ammunition. Hollow points and Hydrashock rounds give the opposing
lawyer the type of loaded phrasing he will need to sawy the jury that you
fully intended to kill someone! The only special purpose rounds that I can
think of that would actually help your case (as it has in several) is the
Glaser Safety Slug (oh what a lovely name SAFETY SLUG) The stated purpose
and stated design parameters of the round are life savers in court.
(ie. Attempting to create a bullet which will not overpenetrate, not 
ricochette, and which is designed to STOP (Not Kill (Gee, to bad the two often
cross, damn I'm real sorry that rapist is dead! NOT!) an assailant with
one shot. This, again, can be a real life saver in a hostile court.
Be as cooperative with the police as possible! Show them where you were.
Repeat your information as often as requested. They will often ask you the
same questions over and over to verify facts, and ,unfortunately, to see
if your lying. Fill out all statements and show all required identification
and weapon permits (BOOO! Down with registered citizens!Register your
 politicians as deadly tax weapons needing to be confiscated!) If they are
required in your state. Contact a lawyer immediately if they decide to
hold you or that further questioning is needed. If you cannot afford one,
contact the NRA. They have a legal assistance fund.(Or at least they used to)
I DO HOPE YOUR A MEMBER! (Not my business either way though..) If I was
vague on anything, or I left some questions unanswered, you can E-MAIL
me or post here. (Preferebly E-MAIL. I don't have a load of time to review
the news)
								Kane

******************************************************************************
*A truely representative government need never fear it's armed citizens!     *
*Disband the BATF!                             Bankrupt Ted Turner and HCI!  *
*I will give up my gun when they pry it out of my cold,dead hand!            *
*DEATH TO TYRANTS!                       [THIS SPACE FOR RENT!]              *
*                                                                            *
*                                        Kane DJH4484@RIGEL.TAMU.EDU         *
******************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54914
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Larry King Interview with Koresh's Lawyer

from alt.law-enforcement

In article <1993Apr20.212245.3186@msus1.msus.edu>, hayden@krypton.mankato.msus.edu (Robert A. Hayden) writes:
> I only caught about the last 15 minutes of this show (I hope to see it
> when it repeats later), but did manage to catch the summary.

> According to Koresh's lawyer and some other guy (who I am not sure who he
> is), The Davidians _DID_NOT_ start the fire and apparently made several
> attempts at escaping but were blocked by smoke, fire, and FBI tanks.

> He states this after interviews with thoses 9 Davidians that escaped. 
> They indicated that their was no suicide pact and that the fire was set by
> the FBI (I got that impression, not sure about that).

> Something about this whole mess just doesn't smell right.  It didn't Feb.
> 28th and is doesn't now.

> -- 
> [> Robert Hayden                   ____   <]  Black Holes result from God 
> [>                                 \  /__ <]  dividing the universe by zero. 
> [> hayden@krypton.mankato.msus.edu  \/  / <]  
> [> aq650@slc4.INS.CWRU.Edu            \/  <]  # include std_disclaimer.h

-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54915
From: <U23590@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: Change of name ??

Post all you want, foreigner.  We'd rather hear from you
than those "I'll support the fascist who writes the
hecks for my salary" .edu site types!

Should you expect the Police to come in and
assault you, lay siege and refuse to help when they
(yes, let's give them the benefit of the doubt)
accidently burn down your ranch home?  Even though
ey have emergency vehicles nearby?

Is this a proper response when you just keep to yourself?
Even if you DON'T hurt anyone?  And you
're cooperative with cops when you occasionally come out?

I hope not.
-watkins@earth.eecs.uic.edu
.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54916
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <94102@hydra.gatech.EDU> gt5311b@prism.gatech.EDU  
(BHATTACHARYA,ABHIJIT) writes:
> In article <1r4ef7$408@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D.  
Tavares) writes:
> 
> >Do you think a $200 tax evasion justifies an armed assault by the government
> >with 100 armed men in trailers, orchestrated character assassination, noise
> >torture, and a holocaust?
> 
> I doubt if Koresh had let the BATF have a look inside his place as they 
> intended to do, "orchestrated character assassination, noise torture, and
> a holocaust" would never have come to pass.
> 
> The BD's killed members of the BATF on the first day. "Orchestrated character
> assassination and noise torture" seem like a small retribution.  

Does the phrase "Innocent until proven guilty" have ANY meaning anymore?

> The use
> of tanks is quesionable however.
> 
> 
> 
> --Abhijit
> -- 
> BHATTACHARYA,ABHIJIT
> Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta Georgia, 30332
> uucp:	  ...!{decvax,hplabs,ncar,purdue,rutgers}!gatech!prism!gt5311b
> Internet: gt5311b@prism.gatech.edu

--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54917
From: jpsb@NeoSoft.com (Jim Shirreffs)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

speaking of the sick bastard, i noticed he attends Kent State University.
 
i guess we have come full circle here. Someone from Kent favoring excessive
force by the govenment to subdue polically incorrect thinking.

jim shirreffs
i speak for myself and only myself

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54918
From: jpsb@NeoSoft.com (Jim Shirreffs)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!


| Do you think a $200 tax evasion justifies an armed assault by the government
| with 100 armed men in trailers, orchestrated character assassination, noise
| torture, and a holocaust?

Shit, i'm going to be a lot more carefull filling by income tax!   

jim shirreffs

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54919
From: jpsb@NeoSoft.com (Jim Shirreffs)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

Let's discuss Reno's taking full responciblity. Is everyone happy with the 
outcome? Did the FBI pursue the correct course of action? was justice done?
If Reno really meant what she said she would resign! She is just grand
standing, period. What did those people do wrong in the first place? that is
what i can't figure out. sure they were crazy, no dought about it, but what did 
they do wrong? someone please help me out on this.

jim shirreffs
i speak for myself and only myself


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54920
From: jpsb@NeoSoft.com (Jim Shirreffs)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

|>      If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
|> burning building?
|> 
|> James Dusek
 
James, it could be that they were determined to stay together in the compound
no matter what happened. Perhaps the fire was accidental, and the DB simply
refused to leave the compod. Perhap they died fighting the fire? who knows.
we will have to wait and see. i persaonlly find it hard to believe that they 
would all agree to burn themselves up! what a horrible way to go.

jim shirreffs

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54921
From: info@ccsvax.sfasu.edu (SFASU Anonymous account)
Subject: WACO: suicide?

Those of us who questioned the mass suicide line may still have 
wondered, "If it wasn't suicide, why did so few get out?"  The 
answer is now available - the gas the government had been pouring
in on them is so disabling that its use in wartime is banned by the
chemical weapons treaty.

The U.S. had agreed not to use this gas against enemy soldiers in
wartime, but used it in peacetime against civilians, including 
nnocent children.

For confirmation see Friday's CLINTON:AM press briefing by George
Stephanopoulous, posted in alt.news-media and other locations.
(When questioned about it, his reply was that the treaty did
not forbid its internal use by law enforcement agencies.
  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This posting from Stephen F. Austin State University's ANONYMOUS account.

Please report abuses to newsmgr@ccsvax.sfasu.edu
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54943
From: stevef@bug.UUCP (Steven R Fordyce)
Subject: Re: Andy:  how do we stop people with a gun?

In article <1993Apr7.141930.29582@freenet.carleton.ca>
ac002@Freenet.carleton.ca (Nikolaus Maack) writes:
>Come on.   A gun kills people.  

Rather, people kill people with guns.  The sad truth is: sometimes that is
good, or at least, better than the alternative.

>But let's ignore guns for defence and/or crime and look at gun accidents.

Ok.  There are about 1400 fatal firearm accidents per year [1], and the
number has been in decline since early this century [2].  Most of these
accidents involve rifles or shot guns, not handguns.

...
>But seriously: a gun is designed to fire a bullet.   This is not so you
>can shoot cardboard cut outs down at the range.

In fact there are both guns and bullets designed specifically for that. 
The idea that my Ruger Mark II Bull Barrel (a semi-auto 0.22 caliber
handgun) was designed to kill or hurt people, even for self defense,
would, I'm sure, come as a surprise to its designer.  It certainly isn't
why I have it.  It certainly would hurt someone if you shot them with it,
and might even kill them, but it is simply wrong to say it was designed to
kill people.

>This is not designed to act as a tool for home  defence where you show
>someone  that you have a gun and they go "Gee, perhaps I should leave".

In fact, that is what happens most of the time.  Most self defensive uses
of firearms don't involve firing any shots.  Most criminals would prefer
not to be shot, and will go to some effort not to be, including doing what
you say when you point a gun at them.

If you were called on to design a tool, that could be easily carried, to
immediately stop someone attacking you, what would it be?  A handgun is
about the best anyone has come up with and experience shows it does work
the best.[3]

>No, you see the gun was designed to fire that little bullet into a human
>body and hurt them.  Not a tough concept to swallow, for most.

Certainly, no one argues that handguns (of the type we are discussing)
aren't deadly weapons.  However, it simply isn't true to say that all of
them were designed to kill people.  Moreover, what exactly is wrong with
having deadly weapons?  There are times when it is perfectly legitimate to
use deadly force, e.g. in self defense.  I consider it not just my right,
but my duty to defend myself and my family, and that includes having and
knowing how to use the tools to do that.

"The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear
arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in
government."
	- T. Jefferson.

I think what Jefferson said is still true.

>And the trouble with having such an item is often the little bullet goes
>off into the wrong fleshy target.

Not very often compared to other use.[3]

>Or else Uncle Frank gets pissed and blows  away his wife.

This isn't that common either, at least when compared to other uses.  It is
very rare that a non-violent person will suddenly "get-pissed" and kill
someone, gun or not.  In most cases, the people who murder have long
histories of violence.  If you have good reason to believe that these
people wouldn't kill if they didn't have a gun, feel free to present it.

>Having a thing  specificly designed to kill means it is much easier to
>kill things.  Right?

Right, but there are times when killing things is called for.  I hope I
never have to shoot a person, but I've had to kill a number of animals from
rodents to cows, and when I do, I don't want them to suffer any more than
is necessary.  I prefer they die instantly, but failing that, I want them
to drop so I can quickly finish them with the next shot, and failing that,
I don't want them to go fast or far.  I try to choose the best weapon and
ammunition I have to try to achieve that goal for the size of animal I'm
after, but it doesn't always work as I plan.  Without belaboring the point,
people who are overly impressed with the killing or shopping power of guns,
particularly handguns, haven't used them much for that purpose.


[1] Accidental deaths in 1988:
	48700 deaths by auto
	11300 deaths by fall
	 5300 deaths by drowning
	 4800 deaths by fire
	 4400 deaths by poison
	 3200 deaths by food
	 1400 deaths by firearm

     Source: Statistics Department, National Safety Council.
     "Accidents Facts 1988 Edition". National Safety Council.
    444 N. Michigan Avenue, Chicago IL  606111  (800) 621-7619


[2] RKBA.002 - Declining trend of accidental deaths by firearms
           Version 1.1 (last changed on 90/04/23 at 22:28:19)

DESCRIPTION
===========
The accidental deaths by firearm per capita has been declining steadily 
for almost sixty years. In 1932, the accidental deaths by firearm per 
1,000,000 people was 24.03. In 1987, it was 5.74. The decline has been 
steady, consistent, and a fairly straight line when plotted. At the rate 
of the last sixty years, it will reach zero sometime around 2025 AD.

CONCLUSION
==========
Firearms have been a declining factor in accidental deaths for over 
sixty years, despite rising per-capita gun ownership.



[1] = Year.
[2] = Population.
[3] = Accidental deaths.
[4] = Accidental deaths per 1,000,000.


[1]   [2]          [3]    [4]       [1]   [2]          [3]    [4]   
1932  124,840,000  3,000  24.03     1961  183,691,000  2,204  12.00
1933  125,579,000  3,014  24.00     1962  186,538,000  2,092  11.21     
1934  126,374,000  3,033  24.00     1963  189,242,000  2,263  11.96     
1935  127,250,000  2,799  22.00     1964  191,889,000  2,275  11.86     
1936  128,053,000  2,817  22.00     1965  194,303,000  2,344  12.06     
1937  128,825,000  2,576  20.00     1966  196,560,000  2,558  13.01     
1938  129,825,000  2,726  21.00     1967  198,712,000  2,896  14.57     
1939  130,880,000  2,618  20.00     1968  200,706,000  2,394  11.93     
1940  132,122,000  2,375  17.98     1969  202,677,000  2,309  11.39     
1941  133,402,000  2,396  17.96     1970  204,879,000  2,406  11.74     
1942  134,860,000  2,678  19.86     1971  207,661,000  2,360  11.36     
1943  136,739,000  2,282  16.69     1972  209,896,000  2,442  11.63    
1944  138,397,000  2,392  17.28     1973  211,909,000  2,618  12.35    
1945  139,928,000  2,385  17.04     1974  213,854,000  2,613  12.22    
1946  141,389,000  2,801  19.81     1975  215,854,000  2,380  11.03    
1947  144,126,000  2,439  16.92     1976  218,035,000  2,059   9.44    
1948  146,631,000  2,191  14.94     1977  220,239,000  1,982   9.00    
1949  149,188,000  2,330  15.62     1978  222,585,000  1,806   8.11    
1950  151,684,000  2,174  14.33     1979  225,055,000  2,004   8.90
1951  154,287,000  2,247  14.56     1980  227,757,000  1,955   8.58    
1952  156,954,000  2,210  14.08     1981  230,138,000  1,871   8.13
1953  159,565,000  2,277  14.27     1982  232,520,000  1,756   7.55    
1954  162,391,000  2,271  13.98     1983  234,799,000  1,695   7.22    
1955  165,275,000  2,120  12.83     1984  237,001,000  1,668   7.04    
1956  168,221,000  2,202  13.09     1985  239,279,000  1,649   6.89    
1957  171,274,000  2,369  13.83     1986  241,613,000  1,600   6.62    
1958  174,141,000  2,172  12.47     1987  243,915,000  1,400   5.74    
1959  177,073,000  2,258  12.75           
1960  180,671,000  2,334  12.92

Sources: 
U.S. Bureau of the Census, Historical Statistics of the United States, 
Colonial Times to 1970, Bicentennial Edition, Part 2, Washington, DC, 1975.

U.S. Bureau of the Census, Statistical Abstract of the United States: 
1982-83. (103th edition.) Washington, DC, 1982 [sic]..

U.S. Bureau of the Census, Statistical Abstract of the United States: 
1989 (109th edition.)  Washington, DC, 1989.


[3] Kleck, Gary.  "Guns and Self-Defense: Crime Control through the Use of
Force in the Private Sector."  __Social Problems__ 35(1988):4, pp. 7-9.
-- 
orstcs!opac!bug!stevef          I am the NRA              Steven R. Fordyce
uunet!sequent!ether!stevef         . . .       The only fair tax is no tax!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54944
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Statement to everyone on t.p.g

Ok, here goes.  Yes folks, I realize I have stuck my foot in my mouth
quite a few times already so please let me make some clarifications.  My
inaccurate information in my posts was due to lack of knowledge.  Thanks
to you kind (and some not so kind) people I am learning.   Some people
have given me several good points to ponder and I see how I was wrong.
In no way was this inaccurate information supposed to be trying to
further the anti-gun cause.  I have said several times before (but
nobody seemed to be listening) that I am pro-gun and anti-gun-control.

As far as the race can of worms that I have opened up I have only one
thing to say - I am in no way prejudiced.  Some of the things I have
stated were said to demonstrate that I am not prejudiced and/or a racist
but I have been accused of being too aware of race and prejudiced.  I will not
say anymore about that subject because no matter what I say it will be the
wrong thing.

Boy, what a start to being on a new group.  Oh well, things have been
worse in my life.

I hope this clears things up but I guess that will remain to be seen.

By for now,

Jason

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54947
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: Re: Waco fire

dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung) writes:

>Of course, true or no, this is a clever attempt to make them seem harmless
>folk minding their own business.

Nice touch - using the word *seem*.
-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

The U.S. Government has become a garrotte around the necks of its
citizens.  Just as with a garrotte, the more people struggle to breathe
the air of freedom, the more the government tightens its stranglehold. The
only possible outcomes at this point are the death of government or the
elimination of personal freedom.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54948
From: v111qheg@ubvmsd.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION)
Subject: Re: WACO burning

In article <1r4r01INN4v6@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes...
>In article <C5uyG1.7q9@acsu.buffalo.edu> v111qheg@ubvmsb.cc.buffalo.edu  
>(P.VASILION) writes:
>> In article <C5v15A.7oo@dscomsa.desy.de>, hallam@zeus02.desy.de writes...
>> [... snip ...]
>> 
>> >|>>Has anyone in U.S. heard anything similar or are U.S. government
>> >|>>spin-doctors censoring such information?
>> >|>>
>> >|>>The B.B.C. news is also reporting that about 20 of those that died
>> >|>>were british citizens.
>> > 
>> >The B.B.C. are also reporting that bodies of B-D members were found
>> >with bullet wounds in a manner that suggests they may have been shot
>> >attempting to leave the compound during the fire.
>> > 
>> >There is a possibility that these are the bodies of people killed during
>> >the initial shootout.
>> > 
>> >Phill Hallam-Baker
>> 
>> Can you imagine what happens when a magazine explodes? Bullets go flying  
>every
>> where. IMHO, these "gunshot wounds" were actually caused when the magazines 
>> went up. A Texas ranger does not a pathologist make, so I'll wait for an
>> autopsy to determine if they were shot first. 
>> 
> 
>I would doubt bullets would go flying.  There is no particular force to make  
>the bullet leave the scene of a cartridge going off outside of a barrel.  The  
>brass shell would burst too soon to give the bullet any real velocity.  I  
>wouldn't want to be near it, but I do not think bullet wounds would result.   
>Shrapnel wounds would be more likely
> 
>At least this is my understanding.

Not necessarily. If the body had been denatured (cooked) or dehydrated due
to the heat, a projectile needs only a minimal kinetic force to penetrate.
In fire aftermaths, bodies tend to fall apart or loose large chunks of
meat with little effort. Medical Examiners tend not to like cleaning up
such scenes. 

As such, if the body had been suitably cooked, a bullet comming from a
magazine explosion would more than likely have enough force to enter and
thus it would be difficult to determine whether a bullet entered at the
time of death, or much later, unless you were trained to look for the
evidence. Texas Rangers are not pathologists. 


> 
>> Either way, they're all dead and the FBI & Atty. Gen. Vampria are still
>> responsable.
> 
>Yep, at least in large part.
> 
>jmd@handheld.com

P.Vasilion

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54949
From: cathy@LANCE.ColoState.Edu (Cathy Smith)
Subject: THE LIES OF TEXAS -- L. Neil Smith

Posted for L. Neil Smith by Cathy Smith


                         THE LIES OF TEXAS

Okay, what have we learned?

For reasons still being kept secret, a federal agency already known 
-- well enough to be examined and rebuked by several legislative 
committees over the years -- for a longstanding, violent disregard
of the law, invades the home of a man whose religious beliefs and 
personal habits they abominate, violating his rights under the 
First, Second, Fourth, Fifth, Ninth, and Fourteenth Amendments to 
the Constitution. 

The man and his followers fight back, killing four of the outlaw 
agency's minions, wounding many more, and suffering their own 
losses in the process. The agency responds by cutting off his 
electricity, water, and especially his contact with the outside 
world. They are then free to say anything at all about him -- in 
pronouncements that contradict one another daily as the agency 
finds itself locked in a bitter power struggle with another outfit 
eager to gain credit for "straightening out the mess" -- and, more 
importantly, to script his side of the subsequent "negotiations" 
any way they please. 

The impasse lasts almost two months, ironically, at the same time 
four L.A. cops are being given a second trial for brutalizing a 
single individual, sparking one of the ugliest riots in history. 
Armored vehicles surround the house, already ringed with snipers 
using scoped, high-powered rifles. Loudspeakers playing obnoxious 
records at the highest possible volume, and searchlights, deprive 
those in the house of sleep (in the aftermath, nobody in authority 
will mention the effect this technique, originated by North Korean 
Communists as a battle tactic, may have had on their judgment). 

Finally -- another irony -- on the 50th anniversary of the rising 
of the Warsaw Ghetto, some of the armor punches holes in the house 
and gas of some kind is injected. The house bursts into flame and 
is reduced to ashes in less than an hour. At least 80 lives, 
including those of more than a dozen children, are snuffed out. 

Spokesmen for the outlaw agencies, the Attorney General, and the 
President all hold press conferences to articulate a common theme: 
blame the victim. 

He had illegal weapons -- as soon as they can be prepared in a 
secret government workshop and planted among the cinders being 
"examined" by the agency that created them. He was abusing children 
-- the tapes will be stored with the data on the JFK assassination. 
He set the fire -- our snipers saw him doing it. Film at 11 -- in 
3000 A.D. He shot his followers who tried to escape -- or was that 
Jim Jones? Best of all, he's dead -- he can't say a damn thing to 
embarrass us, any more than when his contact with the world was 
severed at the start of the whole travesty. 

A leading national paper claims 93% of the American people believe 
that a man who resisted a savage attack on his home is somehow 
responsible for everything that resulted. But when did you ever 
know 93% of Americans to agree on anything -- doesn't this sound 
more like the outcome of a Soviet election than an opinion poll? 

Very well, what can we infer from the above? For starters, never 
forget that, although Democratic careers are on the line (and 
rightfully so) over this fiasco, by the outlaw agency's admission, 
it was planned and rehearsed by a Republican administration. Which 
may explain why Paul Harvey, who evidently used up all his courage 
and integrity changing his mind (at about the same time I did) 
about the war in Viet Nam -- has been acting as little more than a 
mouthpiece for a state that has no regard for the Bill of Rights. 

More importantly, when Rush Limbaugh, who's been a quivering tower 
of Jello during the whole thing, takes essentially the same stance 
as Bill Clinton, it's time for fundamental changes, if not in the 
system, then at least within yourself. 

On March 5, back at the beginning, Mary Gingell, national chair of 
the Libertarian Party, issued a press release condemning the outlaw 
agency and calling for its abolition. In fact, the LP has promised 
in its platform since 1977, for at least 16 years, to abolish both 
agencies involved in Waco. I'm proud to say I was there and helped 
to write that plank. 

True, the LP is tiny and insignificant (although less so than in 
1977 -- ask the Democrats in Georgia if you doubt it). But, alone 
in a howling wilderness of fascists scrambling now to cover their 
behinds with phony polls and Big Lies, the LP is right about what 
happened in Waco. And if their advice had been followed in 1977, 
Waco never would have happened. 

Think about it. And think about the fact that, if you've had enough 
of political parties more interested in collecting and holding 
power -- at whatever cost to the Bill of Rights, let alone human 
life -- than in defending and expanding individual liberty, maybe 
the change it's time for within yourself is to make the LP less 
tiny and insignificant by a single voice and a single vote.

Think about it.

L. Neil Smith
Author: THE PROBABILITY BROACH, THE CRYSTAL EMPIRE, HENRY MARTYN, 
and (forthcoming) PALLAS
Editor: LEVER ACTION BBS (303) 493-6674, FIDOnet: 1:306/31.4
Libertarian Second Amendment Caucus
NRA Life Member

My opinions are, of course, my own.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54950
From: cathy@LANCE.ColoState.Edu (Cathy Smith)
Subject: NO SURRENDER -- Lenda Jackson

NO SURRENDER!
Delivered by Lenda Jackson at the RKBA Rally in Denver, April 18, 1993

It is a fact of modern life that urban residents, particularly women, feel
threatened. A certain number of them actually are threatened. There are
immediate threats, the things that women will tell you they're afraid
of. The noise downstairs at night. The lonely walk to the car. The
stranger at the door. The abusive husband, finally kicked out of the
house as he threatens to hurt her and their children. The burglar... The
mugger...the rapist. 

And what are we told is the solution? Move. Get a dog. Keep the door
locked. Call the police. as a next-to-last resort, learn martial arts. and
always, there's the implied question "what's a pretty little thing like
you doing without a husband around to protect you?

But what if you don't like dogs? Like living alone? Don't have 10
years to devote learning judo?

What if, after examining the facts, a woman learns that "rape victims
using armed resistance were less likely to have the rape completed -
and were less likely to be injured(Kleck,124) than those using any
other form of resistance (Kleck,126) (also true for
robbery/assault)(Kleck,123) 

What if, to our horror and despair, we find that citizens cannot depend
on the police for effective protection - they usually respond after a
crime has been committed. In truth, the Supreme Court has held that
the police are not responsible for protecting any individual, only the
whole community.

As a society, are we going to ask women, once again, to sacrifice
themselves? Are we going to continue to deny women the ability to
help themselves?

Here's a thought. Neil Smith, in his book The Probability Broach, says
"no 220 pound thug can threaten the well being or dignity of a 110-
pound woman who has two pounds of iron to even things out." But if
a woman decides to protect herself, with the easiest, most efficient
means possible, people - especially other women - are horrified.
"Eughh, how could you? I'd be terrified!" they ask. How could you
hurt someone? They'll repeat the lie: it'll just get taken away from
you. In truth, 1% of "defensive gun uses" result in the offender taking
the gun away from the victim.(122,Kleck)

Well, despite the lies, and the social pressure, some of us have already
made that hard choice. We've decided that we are not going to be
victimized by the muggers, burglars or rapists. We're buying more
guns than every before. We're learning how to use them - and teaching
others, women and men, how to use them. Most importantly, we are
preparing ourselves mentally to use our firearms for our own defense.
We're taking our own security, literally, into our own hands. We're
going to stop begging and pleading and marching and WHAT WE
INTEND IS TO REALLY TAKE BACK THE NIGHT.

But there's another threat, more insatiable than any mugger, more
secretive than any burglar, more soul-destroying than any rapist.

That menace is government, and it threatens us all. We know that
governments, throughout time, have suppressed rights and oppressed
people. It's the way they survive.

In our names and with our money, it interferes with innocent people
both at home and abroad. It lies to us, cheats us, steals from us and
threatens us with violence. No one knows exactly what it'll do next -
what freedom we will lose because some government goon decides
"it's for your own safety" or "we know best". Any person who acted
like government does would be psychoanalyzed within an inch of his
life and locked up as a habitual offender.

But this monster called government persists, and grows. And we, who
should be its masters, have become its unwilling slaves. Do you doubt
me? Then why did you file your income tax? 

Like any reasonable person, I believe that being afraid of something
that can hurt you is smart, and that paranoia isn't crazy if someone's
really after you. And make no mistake, they're after you and they're
after me. Their names are familiar: Brady and Reynolds, Groff,
Metzenbahm, Moynihan, and Clinton. If we're lucky, they'll settle for
our assault rifles, our shotguns, our handguns and our ammunition. 

As citizens, we have only two choices. They are the same two choices
given to women: to surrender or to fight. 

Surrender leads to the gulag, to the genocide of Pol Pot, to the
disappearances, to Dachau. I do not intend to surrender. 

A battle can be philosophical or political: in the main, the people keep
the government honest by threatening to vote it out of office. But if
they have to, they will keep in mind the words of Thomas Jefferson:
"the tree of liberty must be well watered with the blood of patriots."

As a patriot, I will point out the error in the government's ways. I will
do my best to vote the villains out of office. I will protest, and write,
and speak, and teach our children justice, honor and truth. And always
remember that Rebellion can lead to Bunker Hill and Saratoga......or it
can lead to Tiananmen Square. 

When the time comes to stand up, if I have to give my life to keep
them from going too far, if there is a Tiananmen Square in our future,
I intend to be there. And no matter what lies they tell and no matter
what laws they pass, I intend to meet them with something more
substantial in my hand than a brick. 

My opinions are, of course, my own.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54951
From: tomgift@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu (Tom Gift)
Subject: Re: the truth starts to come out

>Would someone please post the generic addresses for Congress and 
>Senate so that we can all write letters?

US House of Representatives
Washington, DC 20515

US Senate
Washington, DC 20510


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54952
From: kratz@cs.uiuc.edu (Jason Kratz)
Subject: Re: criminals & machineguns

In <1993Apr16.202441.16032@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU> andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:

>In article <93104.175256U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu> writes:
>>people are getting killed by gang violence every day?  Every single day I hear
>>about more people getting killed by gang violence and see some of the weapons
>>that are being confiscated.

>Is Kratz claiming that he can reliably visually distinguish an M-16
>from an AR-15?  That he can see the difference between a semi-auto and
>a full-auto UZI?  That he can see the difference between the various
>versions (some full-auto, some semi-auto only) of the M-11/9?

Well, let me see.  UZI, no.  M-11/9, no.  M-16/AR-15, maybe.  I remember there
being a selector swtich on the AR-15.  If I remember correctly (please correct
me if I'm wrong) the switch would set to an "off" position or an "on" position
because the gun (AR-15) is semi-automatic.  Wouldn't the M-16 have a position
for semi-auto fire and full-auto fire (or maybe 3 round bursts)?  If this is
correct wouldn't it be easy to distinguish each gun by this alone?  Of course
if the AR-15 were modified to full-auto fire I wouldn't think it would be that
easy but I'm talking about distinguishing between an unmodified AR-15 and M-16.
How about the other guns?  Do they also have selector switch to switch between
semi-auto and fully-auto fire?

>If so, I'd love to hear the details, if only because they'll demonstrate
>that Kratz is blowing smoke.

>Considering that one can design a gun so that it looks just like
>another gun, yet have very different properties, and that that's
>quite common....

>Most kids in my neighborhood were quite young when they figured out
>that my parents car wasn't much like Richard Petty's, even though it
>looked just like it (except for the paint job).  Things must have been
>different with Kratz.

Actually it was pretty hard for the kids in my neighborhood to figure that out
as Richard Petty lived in my neighborhood and left his stock car in the 
driveway. ;-)

>>Sure it's on TV but why does that make a difference?

>No, it doesn't, but that's irrelevant.  If visual inspection of the
>outside worked, TV would be acceptable, but since it doesn't, the fact
>that it's just as good as seeing in person doesn't mean much.

Well, what about what I said above?  If that is correct I guess TV would be
acceptable (if you had a good enough picture and a picture of the lower 
receiver of the AR-15/M-16).

>-andy gave Kratz a chance to back down on this in private
>--
Jason Kratz <- didn't take andy's offer to back down in private

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54953
From: irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <C5uHuo.Awq@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:
>In article <nate.1485.735408842@psygate.psych.indiana.edu> nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle) writes:
>>    Yeah, as information trickles in... funny how that works...
>
>Funny, yeah, funny how you didn't wait for the FBI spokesdroid 
>latest reversal of "facts" before proclaiming the BD's burned
>themselves to death.

If you won't believe anything the government says, and the press
is not reliable according to the same logic, then what do you base
your statements on?  Wild speculation laced with a healthy dose
of paranoia?

-- 
<><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
<>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
<><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54955
From: oaf@zurich.ai.mit.edu (Oded Feingold)
Subject: Dealing with cults - a few thoughts

In the wake of the Waco denouement, I had email discussions with
people from this group.  In particular, we discussed how cults
operate, why the FBI might be motivated to black out news or behave
the way it did, and what kinds of problems are involved in dealing
with cults and similar organizations.

I include an edited account of what I wrote.  The identity of my
correspondents have (I hope) been erased.  The editing process makes
the text choppy - sorry about that.  I've tried to retain the
information content.

Ellipses (...) indicate where text was removed.  A few of the comments
in parentheses are new, intended to make it easier for outsiders to
understand.

These notes are preliminary - feel free to criticize.

Cheers(?),
Oded

------------------------ (begin included text) -----------------------

I took a course called the MADNESS OF CROWDS, ...  The course included
cults and briefly mentioned/analyzed Jonestown.  (Did some external
reading too).

William Adorno ... edited a series of books on the psychology of
"evil" mass movements...  starting with THE AUTHORITARIAN PERSONALITY,
University of Chicago Press, 1948 ... an attempt to figure out what
would motivate people to support fascism or be the bad guys in WWII,
and by extension in other wars, in racial lynchings ...  I don't think
the books are perfect, and the study of psychopathology has advanced
..., but you can elicit Koresh types from even the first volume.  So I
think they're onto something.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
		How cult psychology works...
	[I'm an amateur.  Hope I'm not hopelessly naive.]

So long as Koresh could "own" his people, he made sure they didn't
believe there was any life out there for them, away from him.
Otherwise, he'd (Koresh) be nothing.  During the siege, ex-Davidians
recounted how he convinced the people in the compound they survived
only through his intercession with God to spare their worthless souls.
Absolutely classic brainwashing technique. ...  As long as they
believed him, they'd ignore BATF/FBI/Child Protective Services or even
the Red Cross asking them to come out.  After all, if they ever left
him, God would catapult them straight to Hell, and the combined forces
of the US gummint, with all the goodwill in the world (doubtful)
couldn't save them for a second.  If I believed it, I'd stay and die
too, like the folks in Jonestown.

For a prosaic analogy, replace a cult leader with an estranged wife
(or husband), and notice how many folks show up, kill the ex and then
themselves.  That's the consequence of shattered "cultism."  It really
does happen all the time.  [By the way, the treasured ideal in such
cases, without which life is meaningless, is the relationship, no
matter how abusive, rather than the individual's partner.]

...

----------------------------------------------------------------------
    [Why No News, Don't The Feds Owe The World An Explanation?]

I agree that official explanations are in order.  I can also see good
(?)  reasons for news blackouts.

>	The only fact available is that had the FBI not acted  
>	yesterday, those people would be alive today.

 ... that no matter what, those people would have died, because Koresh
made sure they believed they had no lives outside his influence.
Hence it would make little difference when or how the FBI acted.  He
held them hostage, as his trump against going to jail, but nothing
would really stop him from offing them.  Even if the FBI went away!

Look at history.  Rep Leo Ryan (and some staffers) visited Jonestown,
at the request of constituents who had relatives there.  Once
Jonestown was discovered, and even though they killed Ryan and his
entourage ... they all killed themselves, because Jim Jones knew he'd
be busted.  Internal arguments asking to spare the children, brought
up by some of the women in the cult, were shouted down.  There are
tapes...  The "logic" of saying that no matter how bad the gummint is, it
wouldn't kill the kids, was shouted down as blasphemy, and the people
who brought it up were threatened with ostracism by people who by
THEIR OWN AVOWAL would be dead within the hour.  I suspect it's the
same with the Branch Davidians.
(There's a book on Jonestown by James Reston Jr., titled OUR FATHER
WHO ART IN HELL.  I don't know whether it's good - never read it.)

...
The only way to prevent such a problem would be never to investigate
reports of child abuse or sexual mistreatment, or organizations buying
full-auto conversion kits or shipping hand grenades via UPS, on the
off chance of stumbling across cults that would kill themselves. ...

So, the only way the BATF/FBI could "save" those people, and future
cults, is by ignoring such signs.

I suppose there's another way - outsmarting Koresh and tricking him
into letting them go, or somehow influencing "his" people to abandon
him while he owns most of their means of communication with the world.
... a mighty tough row to hoe. ...  I suspect the FBI tried to do that
with blackouts, noise and other sensory insults.  However, maybe
they're not very sophisticated, or maybe the job is impossible.  It's
certainly possible the guy running the show was a jerk.

...
----------------------------------------------------------------------
	[Why the FBI might want to blackout during and coverup after]

    ... - if they were doing a poor job of weaning the BD's from
Koresh, they'd want to keep it quiet so they wouldn't be embarrassed.

    ... - if they were trying to wean the BD's from Koresh, they'd
want to keep it quiet so he couldn't outflank them, or well-meaning
boneheads from ANY point of view wouldn't screw it up. ...  I _hate_
playing chess when the world screams in my face, especially if at
checkmate time people really die, and I could be blamed.

...

I don't think ignoring such incidents is a workable policy, unless you
deny the FBI, BATF, Child Protective Services (of whatever stripe) and
the rest of the gummint should exist at all. 

		(the end)
----------------------------------------------------------------------

			  Okay, have at it.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54956
From: klm@gozer.mv.com (Kevin L. McBride)
Subject: Re: CNN for sale

croaker@highlite.uucp (Francis A. Ney) writes:


> I will add my voice to the (hopefully) growing multitudes.

> I hereby pledge $1000.00 towards the purchase of CNN, under the same conditions
> as already described.  I will also post this idea on the other nets I can 
> access (RIME and Libernet).

I'll go in for $1000 worth of CNN stock.  Is anyone from the NRA listening?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54957
From: lairdb@crash.cts.com (Laird P. Broadfield)
Subject: Re: CNN for sale; Influencing the coverage

In <1993Apr19.171602.27135@guinness.idbsu.edu> betz@gozer.idbsu.edu (Andrew Betz) writes:
>In article <1993Apr19.153444.28112@ucsu.Colorado.EDU> fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary) writes:
>>I'd be willing to go in as well. By the way, we wouldn't need to
>>buy the network wholesale. Simply owning a large number of shares
>>would still work (if 5% of the shareholders want pro-gun coverage
>>and the rest don't really care, they'll go along just to keep 
>>the 5% happy...)

>I'd go along with this plan as well.  Turner's stock is traded
>on the American exchange and has 3 classes (A, B, and C).  A and
>B stock is currently about 23 bucks a share; C stock is about 11
>bucks a share.  Does anybody have any idea how much stock TBS
>has issued?  What would it take to reach 5%, 51%, or even 100%?

Um, I sortof hesitate to bring this up, but owning even a single share
entitles you to attend the annual shareholders meeting, and under most
corporate charters to introduce topics to be discussed.  While I *don't*
suggest the tactic used by some in Japan (go to the shareholders meeting,
and disrupt the bejeezus out of everything), what about a well-worded
resolution complaining about "advocacy journalism"?


-- 
Laird P. Broadfield     lairdb@crash.cts.com    ...{ucsd, nosc}!crash!lairdb
Hi!  I'm a shareware signature!  Send $5 if you use me, send $10 for manual!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54958
From: nomad@ecst.csuchico.edu (Michael Larish)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu> green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green) writes:
>What I would like to see is some serious discussion of this incident.  I
>believe the moves made were right and proper, but I still have some problems
>with some of the tactics.  After watching the ABC special on it tonight, as
>well as CNN and Nightline, I question some of the ATF and FBI actions.

	My god, a sane person!  Somebody asking intelligent questions rather
than spouting of unsubstantiated drivel and making comparisons to Nazi
Germany.  I question, along with others, the initial raid by the ATF.
There are some definite questions needing answers.

>1) Could it have been possible to have taken Koresh outside the compound at
>some time before the Feb. 28th raid?

	Probably.  Which is why there are so many people angry at the
initial confrontation.  Why attack a compound with as many people in that
compound who are willing to die for their leader?  Further, they attacked
in the daylight hours without proper backup, medical support, etc.  That
was rather stupid...

>2) Could a further wait have resulted in a different outcome.

	This I doubt.  While I question the ATF's initial raid, I believe
that the remainder of the standoff was handled fairly well with the single
exception of the psychological "warfare" by blaring music, etc.  I think
that was uncalled for and probably hindered the outcome.

>3) Were FBI actions (blaring loudspeakers, etc.) the "right" course of action?

	See above...

>And a few other questions.  Like I said, I believe the actions taken, in
>general, were proper.  But I still have some reservations.

	Agreed.

>One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
>"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
>had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.

	Which is actually rather refreshing nowadays.  Most of the time, the
higher-ups claim "I don't remember..." or "I had no involvement..."  :-)

-- 
Michael G. Larish       | Amateur Radio Callsign:  KD6CTZ
nomad@ecst.csuchico.edu | Golden Empire Amateur Radio Society (GEARS) - W6RHC
California State        | Chico State Amateur Radio Society (CSARS)
University, Chico       | Butte County Sheriff's Search & Rescue - #317

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54959
From: ebrandt@jarthur.claremont.edu (Eli Brandt)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19

In article <C5sou8.LnB@news.udel.edu> roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:
>More than someone who would not release children from the compound.

I suppose it's too late now, but the repeated use of the word
"release" is peculiar.  Let's say you and your family are besieged
in your home by some people with tanks, helicopters, and automatic
weapons.  They give you a break from the amplified sounds of dying
rabbits to blare, "You in there!  Release the children, and they'll
be perfectly all right."  Stipulate on top of that that you may not
have your epistemology entirely in order.  Is it entirely surprising
that the Branch Davidians were reluctant to "release" their children
into FBI custody?

	 PGP 2 key by finger or e-mail
   Eli   ebrandt@jarthur.claremont.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 54960
From: roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby)
Subject: Photographers removed from compound

Relay of coverage seen:
----------------------
There was a press conference by authorities at the compound on CNN earlier 
today (Wednesday).  It was explained that two news photographers were found 
on the compound earlier this morning without permission.  It was explained 
to the press corps. that this is dangerous and that an unknown photographer 
turning around with a long lens camera could be mistaken for someone dangerous 
by a Texas Ranger surveying the site. (!)  

The two photographers were said to be currently in jail and 
the press were warned to follow the authorities' guidelines.  
It was also emphasized that the survey of the "crime" scene at this 
point was crucial and that the press could not be allowed to interfere.
The press will not be allowed in until the bodies are removed and the 
site has been completely surveyed for evidence for a court case.  

That is the gist of the beginning of the conference to the best of my 
memory.  I bring this up because I haven't seen anyone else note it 
and I haven't seen the regular newscasts mention it.  It will 
probably be mentioned in the papers tomorrow.

My opinions:
-----------
I find this disturbing.  While I believe that Koresh is largely 
responsible for not ending this standoff in a peacable manner during the 
last 51 days of patient opportunity, I find the secrecy surrounding the 
aftermath more damaging to the authorities' position than they realize.

Since the vast majority of potential defendents in a court case are 
already dead, the emphasis on the importance of building the court 
case seems overblown to me.

It will be interesting to see the hearings on this affair.  I have also 
heard congressional calls for a review and possible overhaul of government 
enforcement agencies which you will recall I have stated would be a good 
idea in previous months.

Please also note that I by no means endorse  or agree with the many 
conspiracy-type theories I have read here and in other groups.  As usual, 
I am basing my opinions on info gathered from various media and filtered 
by my own common sense and consideration of plausibility, IMHO.  As such, 
my opinion is subject to change as more information is made available.


Scott Roby                                                Standard Disclaimer
-- 



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55036
From: R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1r5rnn$rdt@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>
bu008@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Brandon D. Ray) writes:
 
>
>In a previous article, nomad@ecst.csuchico.edu (Michael Larish) says:
>
>>In article <1r00ug$d60@btr.btr.com> michaelh@public.btr.com (Michael Hahn  michaelh@btr.com) writes:
>>>A partial list of excellent socialist visionaries and the tolls they've
>>>taken of unpopular religious/ethnic/social groups.
>>>
>>>Mao Tse-Tung		Millions Killed
>>>J. Stalin			Millions Killed
>>>A. Hitler			Millions Killed
>>>Pol Pot				100,000s Killed?
>>>W. J. Clinton		~100 Killed, but relax-he's only had a hundred or so days.
>>
>>	You people are rather amusing in a perverse sort of way.  You take
>>a tragic/unpleasant situation that you feel is a terrible injustace, and
>>assign blame to anybody and everybody with or without a link to the incident
>>simply because they don't fit your extremely narrow definition of good.
>>
>>	How is Clinton responsible?  It was a law enforcement action.
>>Granted, it was a nationally covered incident but Clinton had no more to
>>do with the outcome than Fred Flintstone.
>>
>Perhaps you've been under a rock the last few days?  The BATF and the FBI
>are both federal agencies.  Clinton has admitted in front of news cameras
>that Janet Reno (the once and future Attorney General) gave him a full
>briefing of what was planned *before* they did it, and he gave her the
>go ahead.
>
>Maybe, just possibly, that makes him a *teensy* bit responsible?
>
>>--
The FBI, CIA, BATF, etc. ARE federal agencies, you are correct.  But to
think there is a visible and clear chain of command up to the Prez, and
that these agencies inform Reno who informs Clinton, etc. is naive.  These
agencies operate as distinct and seperate entities and while they have
ultimate accountability to the Prez, they make their own moves, and then
tell the Prez, who says, "I knew all along".  While this may not seem right,
or it may not fit our idealistic need to see a structured chain of command
leading to the White House, thats the way it is.  Bureaucracys are not, after
all, composed of 3 or 4 people who talk on a regular basis, have lunch, and
maybe golf together.  I do agree, the FBI, BATF messed up. I'm not sure if
they should have stormed the compound or not.  By the way, Jehova Witnesses
are a religious minority in this country.  Protestantism is a minority
religion in the World.  BDs were a cult by all definitions and history of
cults.  To say this is not to persecute a religious or ethnic enclave.
Koresh said he was the Messiah.  I was raised a Baptist, although I do
not practice the religion and do not think that the Big Guy upstairs is
digging the divisiveness, closemindedness, and right-wing morons that are
associated with the religion.  Anyway, the Messiah that I was taught about
would not be carrying a gun, let alone stockpiling weapons.  You can doubt
BATF reports all you want, David Koresh was not a poor soul who was
unjustly persecuted.  While some of the information coming from the U.S
government is being exagerated so as keep public opinion on their side, I
do believe that some of the things that former cult members have said
are true.  Anyway, this is just another excuse to try and blame President
Clinton for something.  People who attempt to do this for political motives
should be ashamed.  THEY are the ones who are keeping this country from
reaching its full potential.
 
 
 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55037
From: HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In <1r600fINNdlu@cronkite.Central.Sun.COM> dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM writes:

> In article 5589@news.eng.convex.com, gardner@convex.com (Steve Gardner) writes:
> >In article <1r3j2k$da2@menudo.uh.edu> HADCRJAM@admin.uh.edu (MILLER, JIMMY A.) writes:
> >>  Minor quibble:  The assualt (and it was one) began near dawn.  The fire did
> >>not break out for several hours.  
> >	Minor quibble back at you.  I am in the same general area as
> >	the Koresh compound and I can tell you that the air was quite
> >	chilly that morning, especially with the high winds that
> >	were blowing. (Of course the swiss cheese walls made it
> >	even worse. ;-)

  You are correct WRT the idea of some heating being nice that morning.  But 
part of that line was also for the guy who said "minutes later, the fires
started".  I did forget how cool it was that day.

> Those choppers flying around didn't make the wind any more still, either.

  When you got 30-40 mph winds swinging across the Texas plain, a couple of
Hueys don't add one whole hell of a lot.

semper fi,

Jammer Jim Miller 
Texas A&M University '89 and '91
________________________________________________________________________________
 I don't speak for UH, which is too bad, because they could use the help.     
"Become one with the Student Billing System. *BE* the Student Billing System."
 "Power finds its way to those who take a stand.  Stand up, Ordinary Man."    
      ---Rik Emmet, Gil Moore, Mike Levine: Triumph 		              

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55038
From: bob@hobbes.dtcc.edu (Bob Rahe)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1r5a7jINN83g@charnel.ecst.csuchico.edu> nomad@ecst.csuchico.edu (Michael Larish) writes:
>In article <C5tEnu.112F@ns1.nodak.edu> green@plains.NoDak.edu (Bill Green) writes:

>>2) Could a further wait have resulted in a different outcome.

>	This I doubt.  While I question the ATF's initial raid, I believe
>that the remainder of the standoff was handled fairly well with the single
>exception of the psychological "warfare" by blaring music, etc.  I think
>that was uncalled for and probably hindered the outcome.

  BUT...  Suppose they had waited.  The WORST outcome would have been the
one that actually did.  But with the FBI/ATF just standing there watching
instead of being a part of the problem.  It then would have been very clear
exactly who was at fault then, rather than the way it turned out.

  AND, that would have been the WORST case.  The best would have been, they
finally get hungry and come out.  Possible/likely?  Well, the alternative was
worse...

>>One other point, I'm no fan of Janet Reno, but I do like the way she had the
>>"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility.  Seems like the waffle boy
>>had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.

>	Which is actually rather refreshing nowadays.  Most of the time, the
>higher-ups claim "I don't remember..." or "I had no involvement..."  :-)

  But what does it matter?  Why say "I don't remember...." when it doesn't
make any difference?  Altho the clintonettes have been pretty good at lying
when it wasn't necessary, they didn't do it this time.  But it wasn't 
necessary - claiming full responsibility is a totall meaningless gesture.
Symbolism over substance - again!  

  I've offered to take full responsibility.  When do they pay me the big
bucks the AG is making...????   ;^)
-- 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
|Bob Rahe, Delaware Tech&Comm College | AIDS, Drugs, Abortion: -        |
|Internet: bob@hobbes.dtcc.edu        |  - Don't liberals just kill you?|
|CI$: 72406,525 Genie:BOB.RAHE        |Save whales; and kill babies?    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55039
From: Shooting Club at ASU <GUNDEVIL@ASUACAD.BITNET>
Subject:    CRIMESTRIKE - Phoenix Gazette Editorial


    Editorial - A10, Saturday, April 24, 1993

    CRIMESTRIKE HITS TOWN

    With the chilling reality of crime at the hands of urban terrorists
    that were noted above (a high school student and gang article in the
    same column), we welcome into the ranks of those dedicated to re-
    moving criminals from the streets the National Rifle Association's
    new CrimeStrike project, engineered by Arizona's former chief assist-
    ant attorney general Steven J. Twist.

    CrimeStrike is working to reverse the disturbing trend of daily
    crime.  It is promoting solutions that can be applied nationally,
    including tough and honest sentencing of the sort that Arizona is
    applying with its Truth in Sentencing law; funding construction and
    staffing of appropriate prison space; ensuring that the system is
    primed to punish serious youthful offenders; strict attention to the
    rights of victims; and citizen and community involvement.

    Phoenix will be the home for this national organization.

    The Gazette has vigorously opposed many NRA policies on issues of gun
    control, and will be resolute in promoting prudent laws that seek
    reasonable regulation of firearms.

    But CrimeStrike is an appropriate creation, a response to a clear
    need for more robust vigilance in holding legislators and judges ac-
    countable when it comes to swiftly and surely punishing criminals.

    When an organization has an issue, it has an issue, and Crime-
    Strike has it - especially when it is willing to direct its dollars
    to getting criminals off the street.

    We say, welcome to town.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55040
From: s5uapw@odysseus (Aaron Walker)
Subject: A little question of  "blame" (was Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr21.053035.29591@mcs.kent.edu>,  
mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu (The Lawnmowerman) writes:
 
> However it was the Branch
> Davidian people in there that insisted on staying there with their  
"savior" 
> (yeah right budy boy) because he had brain-washed them into believing  
that 
> what ever he says is the truth, even if means that they are to give up  
their
> lives for <<<<HIS>>>> cause.  

Tolerent, aren't we?  Their's was hardly the first faith/sect/cult 
to espouse this type of belief.

> Therefore it is Davids fault and not the ATF's
> who gave them 50 to 51 days to get out, this was 50 days to many for me  
and
> for many of the rest of the U.S. 

I keep hearing this, and while I'll agree that he "should" have come
out (legally, that was his best option), he didn't; and as far as I know,
there is no legal provision for "we're tired of this shit, lets just
kick some ass..."

So I have a question for you; here goes.

I come up to you and point a gun at you, saying "I'm going to count
to ten, if you aren't standing on your head by then, I'll kill you."
You believe that standing on your head is the road to damnation, so
you don't do it.
"1..2..3..4..5..6..7..8..9..10...BANG!"  You are now dead - Is it my
fault for shooting you, or you're fault for being shot?
Koresh wouldn't stand on his head.  

-Aaron

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55041
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...

In article <C5uIHo.8LK@chinet.chi.il.us> dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung) writes:
:gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH) writes:
:>On the subject of CS/CN/tear gas: when I received my initial introduction to
:
:You couldn't find a window after six hours?  
:
:-- 
: Daniel A. Hartung  --  dhartung@chinet.chinet.com  --  Ask me about Rotaract

Have you ever been violently sick repeatedly?  I have, and it was difficult to 
drag myself back to my bed, much less move through a building full of smoke and
debris, especially when most likely already disoriented from lack of sleep and
constant psychological abuse...  Throw in the fact that the 'safety' outside
consists of people who have shot at me and thrown grenades at me, and are
currently knocking my house down with tanks, I could understand if the BD's
were inclined to stay put in the center of the building...



-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55048
From: 0005111312@mcimail.com (Peter Nesbitt)
Subject: Starting my letter writing campaign

Okay, here is the result of my efforts.  I'm just getting started with this
type of activity, so please set your flame-thowers on low.

Comments, corrections, suggestions, welcomed.

****************************************************************************

Editor, 

I would like to ask you and your readers a few questions that are related to
the "right to keep and bear arms", and to a greater degree, the many other
"rights" that we take for granted on a daily basis. 

1.	You're sleeping at night, when you hear someone in your house.  You
call the police.  How will you defend yourself, should the need arise, while
you are waiting for the police to arive? 

2.	You are driving your family home when your car breaks down.  A "good
samaritan" stops to "help", when you find you and your family at gun-point or
knife-point.  How will you defend yourself?  And your Family? 

3.	You are a woman walking alone to your car or home.  A man appears
suddenly with the intent to rape you.  How will you defend yourself?  Are you
strong enough to fight off your attacker?  Are you willing to let this man rape
you in order to survive the attack? 

If the House and Senate have their way, we will soon not have the right to keep
and bear arms, as provided by the Second Amendment to the Constitution. A gun
may not be the answer to each and every dangerous situation, but are you going
to let the politicians decide what sort of force or weapon you may use to
defend yourself and your family? 

Many times a situation may be diffused by just brandishing your handgun.  If
certain members of the House and Senate have their way, .25, .32, and 9mm
ammunition will be banned for sale to anyone other than the military and law
enforcement departments.  Very soon, you may not be able to purchase ammunition
for use in your handgun. 

There is already a 15 day waiting period in California.  Do you really feel
that any law abiding citizen should be required to wait this amount of time for
the purchase of a handgun when his life or family members have been threatened?

Our local police do an excellent job, but they can not be there all the time,
or in a moments notice.  You should have the right to protect yourself   while
waiting for help to arrive. 

There is currently legislation circulating in Washington that would prohibit
the sale of certain types of ammuntion, handguns, rifles, and shot-guns.  One
elected official even wants to repeal the Second Amendment! 

I want to ask the readers of this paper what they would do if their elected
officials decided that they should only belong to a "certain church", or go to
church on a "partiular day"?  What if you were told that you could only read
certain books?  Write about certain subjects?  What if you no longer had the
right to a jury of your peers?  How about the right to assemble in a peaceful
manner? 

These are all rights that are provided by our Constitution and the Amendments.
If we give up one right, we may as well give them all up.  If you do not fight
for the right to keep and bear arms, what will you fight for?  When your life
is affected?  Write your law makers now!  Protect all of your rights by
defending your Second Amendment rights. 


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55049
From: djh4484@zeus.tamu.edu (HARTY, DANIEL JOSEPH)
Subject: Re: CNN for sale

In article <1qt8pt$ge4@geraldo.cc.utexas.edu>, mikey@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Strider) writes...
>In article <93106.21394634AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
>|In article <2001.150.uupcb@yob.sccsi.com>, jim.wray@yob.sccsi.com (Jim Wray)
>|says:
>|>
>|> Bill Vojak:
Hey! If you can get it together, I'm all for it! I too am one of the poor
(a college student) Get a bank account set aside, and set aside a big ass
data base and you will get my contribution. I'm setting aside as of now 10$ 
a month. Not a slew of cash to be sure, but it's the best I can do. Let me
know what you guys come up with. I'm sure as hell not going anywhere.

E-Mail to DJH4484@RIGEL.TAMU.EDU
Death to Tyrants!  
							Kane
Better ideas anyone? Haven't heard 'em yet!


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55050
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas) writes:

> viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson) writes:

>>	That really depends upon where you draw the line while defining
>>these weapons, 

>This means you would support a ban if it were narrow enough.  Good.

	Very narrow.  Very, very narrow.  If you'll recall, I was the
nut that advocated the possibility of tactical nukes being militia
weapons in certain situations.  How can you possibly define what is a
weapon and what isn't is only the start of this.

>>and also on if you intend the law to be reflective of
>>modern practice five months or five centuries down the road.  

>I would hope so.  Let's define a nuclear weapon as an explosive weapon
>whose majority of energy comes from fission and/or fusion of atomic
>nuclei.

	And you've just described any civilian reactor because your
definition fails to note what energy is being considered.  Reactors
blow with a steam explosion, but the majority of energy still comes
from fission or fusion because that is what heated the coolant.  See
what a can of worms this is?  Last I heard, Ft. Calhoun station just
north of Omaha, Nebraska wasn't considered a weapon.  Given the
sodium-cooled breeder designs on the blocks now, I can easily envision
reactors being household appliances in under twenty years.  With the
PRISM design, there is *no* operator input needed on the reactor
itself, and it is not unreasonable to assume the secondary side can
be made equally as automatic in the future.  So your definition is
flawed in a few respects already.

>  Let's define a biological weapon as live organisms or viruses 
>in such state, quantity, and with such a vector that they could cause 
>death or serious disease [further defined] to a significant number of
>people if released in a city, similarly populated area, resevoir, or
>cropland.  

	Typhoid Mary would likely fit this bill if she sneezed.  If
you don't mind extrapolation, any HIV-positive person also fits this
bill if they interact with others in a way that stands any chance of
spreading the virus.  Finally, that manure pile I mention below fits
this definition, as does, say, releasing a pet rattlesnake to the wild.

>Nerve gas and mustard gas are well defined.  Other poisonous
>gasses should be individually banned only if it can be shown that there
>is no use not related to weaponry.  Licenses should be available for
>research purposes on such chemicals.

	And I can show where any such gas has other uses.  For example,
perhaps we would like to rid the hay field of gophers.  Calcium Carbide
is a rock that dissolves in water to produce aceteylne gas.  It can
be used for welding, in miners lamps, for gassing gophers, or for
making carbide bombs and doing some illicit fishing.  Toss some in a
toilet and leave a lighted cigarette on the seat and you'll see that
it can also be a weapon, just like any other flammable substance.
So, now my miners lamps won't work, I can't do any welding, and I
still have those pesky gophers.

>I am not a lawyer, but these ideas could certainly be a basis for 
>definitions.

	The basis for, but I'm sure you see that the problem is not
in writing a law, it is in writing a law that cannot be abused and
extended beyond the point where it does any good.

>>I'll give
>>you a little hint:  see that manure pile in the farmer's field down the
>>road?  In the USA, that is a weapon of mass destruction, 

>Nope.  It is not considered a weapon.

	It is under your proposed law.  So is a silage pit if there
is run-off.  So are underground fuel tanks.

>>biological in
>>nature, because if it gets washed into an open well it will contaminate
>>the aquifers that supply thousands of cities with drinking water.  So,
>>where do *you* draw the line?  In the USA, the EPA has ruled that
>>a pile of scrap iron is illegal.  Care to draw a thinner line this time?

>It is not defined as a weapon of mass destruction.  Many things are
>banned for other reasons.

	It meets all the criterion of a weapon.  It is an instrument that
can be used for fighting, even though that is not its intended purpose,
and despite there being better weapons around.  Given that the aquifers
supply a significant part of the country with drinking water, mass
destruction is rather a given.

	It's not that certain weapons aren't something I'd rather not
see a lot of people having.  The problem is that it is nearly
impossible to write a law such that it cannot be abused upon some
pretext or another.  The looser your definition, the more ripe for
abuse that law is.  Furthermore, if you get specific then the old
standby is to insert a clause allowing the list of banned things to
be added to, generally without going through the hassles of another
vote and public reading of the law.  Again, ripe for abuse.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55051
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: CNN report: FBI/ATF killing ALL Americans

In article <1993Apr22.000020.23999@Csli.Stanford.EDU>, cower@csli.stanford.edu (Richard Cower) writes:

> CNN just reported the ATF and the FBI have begun killing everyone in the
> United States. A press release stated this action was required because
> bugs had revealed that many people were doing something illegal in their
> homes, and statistical data indicated that those who weren't might someday
> do something illegal. An ATF spokesperson, just before he shot himself, stated
> that "this would clean up things once and for all".

For those of you still unsure whether this is satire, the jury is still out:

    "Also yesterday, even though the compound no longer exists, the
     US attorney's office here released formerly sealed documents,
     including a search warrant and related affidavits, that authorities
     planned to use when the siege was over.

    "These documents did not include the original warrants the Bureau of
     Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms had in late February, which to this
     day have never been released.

    "...one of the documents indicated the agency planned to seek
     samples of Koresh's handwriting not only to verify that he had
     signed for some gun purchases, but also that he espoused
     'certain doctrines hostile to law enforcement and particularly
     the ATF.'"

So, one of the charges against Koresh seems to be Contempt of Cop -- he
expressed hostility to the BATF.  That chilly feeling in your gonads is 
perfectly normal, folks... it should go away in about 51 days.

        The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
        ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
        abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz

That should save them the trouble of subpoena-ing samples.  Heavens knows 
I want to cooperate fully, meinherren.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55052
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: Riddle me this...

dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung) writes:

>gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH) writes:
>>On the subject of CS/CN/tear gas: when I received my initial introduction to
>>tear gas, the first thing that came to mind was the location of the exit.  If
>>there had been anything in the way, corners to negotiate, doors to open, or 
>>any other obstacles to movement, I would have had a difficult time exiting

>You couldn't find a window after six hours?  

	I'd bet cash 90% of the people couldn't find the window after six
minutes!  Ask anybody who's taken basic training in the military.  It is
not at all uncommon for a few soldiers who have not properly attached
and cleared their masks to require assistance exiting the chamber.  Since
that chamber has a door, not just a window, it's likely a hell of a lot
easier to exit than a multi-room, damaged house.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55053
From: lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani)
Subject: Don Kates' talk on the Branch Davidians

This was posted by Lyn Bates to the firearms-politics mailing list:

I recently learned that Don Kates was going to be in Boston to give a talk
at the Harbard Law School about the Waco situation.  (Of course, this was
all set up after the incident started but long before its unhappy
conclusion.)  So, yesterday I went to hear him.  What follows is a rough
summary of what I think I heard him say, which should not be taken as
exactly what he actually said...

Kates started by saying that since he didn't know any more about the fire
than the audience did (it had just happened the day before), he would not
discuss that, but would concentrate on the original raid.

Koresh definitely was not playing with a full deck.  But so what?  This
isn't the first time that the leader of a new, small religious group has
been ridiculed by the public.  Extreme religious views nearly always fuel
hatred and mistrust.  The first amendment applies, maybe especially, to
people like Koresh.

Lengthy digression into the history of police organizations in the US.
There were none until about 1830, when they began in metropolitan areas.
Police originally were not armed; if they found a crime in progress, they
called local armed citizens to help.  Many began to carry arms for
protection despite regulations against them, eventually the laws were
changed to allow them to carry guns.  The original intent was to have many
small police departments, jealous of one another and competitive, but not
large enough to be a threat to liberty, hence the plethora of
organizations ranging from postal inspectors to the coast guard.  When the
FBI was started, agents did not have the authority oto carry guns (they
were to be, after all, a bureau of investigation, not a police force).
"All police agencies will be misused by anyone in power to maintain that
power."

The BATF started as a tax collection agency, whose primary job was to raid
illegal stills.  When the price of sugar went up so high that moonshiners
no longer found their trade no longer profitable, many illegal stills
disappeared, and the BATF needed something else to do to justify its
existence, so it turned to activities like phony raids on gun stores.
Around the time when the BATF's annual budget is under review, the media
is alerted by the BATF to come to such-and-such a place, where at a
pre-arranged time, a bunch of cars full of BATF agents roar up to the door
and the media get great pictures of the agents entering the premises of a
gun dealer suspected of not keeping books properly.  The media isn't
invited in for the boring hours of agents leafing through paperwork, but
if any irregularities are found, the media gets to cover the agents
removing armfuls of guns from the premises, and the luckless FFL in
chains.

The Waco incident happened a few weeks before BATF's budget was up for
review.

Kates' opinion is that it was a staged publicity stunt that went bad, and
that the BATF never thought for a moment that they would actually be shot
at, or they would have planned the raid differently (not sending 100
agents over open ground with no cover, for example), and would have had
some medical personnel on hand.

He confirmed that some years ago there was a warrant for Koresh's arrest
in connection with a murder charge, and the local sheriff called him on
the phone and explained about it.  Koresh sais, ok, come pick me up, and
the sheriff did, temporarily confiscating all the guns so that they could
be tested.  Koresh was later cleared, release, and presumably got his guns
back.  At least at that time, he was rational enough to be approached
rationally, and behaved in a reasonable manner.

The BATF didn't take into account that, unlike most of the FFL's they
audit, Koresh was actually paranoid, and fostered paranoia in his
followers.  Thus the pubicity stunt looked like a real attack to them, and
they reacted accordingly.

With respect to the original warrant, it had not been unsealed when Kates
was giving his talk, so he could not comment on it, except to mention that
the BATF has been known to not double-check the veractiy of their
informants, if they can manage to get a judge to issue a warrant.  He had
more to say about the way the warrant was served, which may have been
completely illegal.  Apparently the proper way to serve a warrant is to
knock on the door and announce that you're an officer with a warrant for
thus-and-so; if they don't open the door and the evidence is flushable,
then it is ok to break in the door.  But since it is hard to flush guns
down the toilet, there may have been no justification for the BATF
breaking in the way they did.  If the constitutional rights of the
Davidians were violated by an invalid warrant, or by an improperly served
warrant, then the Davidians may have been justified in their actons.  A
close look at one of the original films shows that one BATF agent _may_
have shot himself by accident when entering the building; if so, this was
the first shot fired!

The role of the media could have been a whole lot worse.  After an initial
position on the side of the BATF, the media began to come around to the
view that this might be a situation in which legally armed citizens held
off a bad, possibly illegal attack.  A real cynic might say that the FBI
went in when they did because it was clear that public opinion was
beginning to change sides, and the FBI wanted to act before they lost the
public's sympathy.

Should the BATF be abolished?  No.  Police agencies _should_ be numerous,
diverse, inefficient, decentralized, etc.  Better a few inept accidents
like this, than a move toward a single, large, well-organized,
well-trained, powerful, domestic police force, which would eventually have
even more tragic results.

   - Lyn Bates
     (bates@bbn.com)

PS Don Kates will be giving a shorter version of this talk at Boston
College Law School next Tuesday, April 27.  I don't know the exact time or
place, but presumably a phone call to the BC law school could elicit that
information.
-- 
Larry Cipriani -- l.v.cipriani@att.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55054
From: jon@atlas.MITRE.org (J. E. Shum)
Subject: Re: Nature of the Waco gas


In article <1r6170INNdlu@cronkite.Central.Sun.COM>, dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard) writes:
> Just heard on the network radio news a spokesman from the army
> saying that the type of CS gas used in Waco had been banned from
> military use.  Its use is also banned by a draft international
> agreement on the use of chemical weapons in warfare.
> 
> The reason given was that the use causes extreme nausea,
> blindness, disorientation, total irrationality, raging paranoia.  
> Children would be all the more susceptible, and show the results
> all the earlier.  

Interesting development.  Especially since the Feds (and the U.N.)
accused Saddam Hussein of using illegal chemicals on his own 
citizens as well.  Hmmm...  Republican Guard/Iraqu Army = FBI/BATF?  
You decide.
--
I hope very much that others who will be tempted to join cults
and to become involved with people like David Koresh will be
deterred by the horrible scenes they have seen over the last 
seven weeks.  

           -President William Jefferson Clinton, April 20, 1993,
at a press conferance held the day after the Branch Davidians 
"compound" went up in flames while under attack by the FBI/ATF
near Waco, Texas.  Is your church U.S. Government approved?

CONNECT THE GOD-DAMNED DOTS!!!  Ministry, TV Song
-- 
Clinton Administration e-mail addresses | clintonhq@campaign92.org (MCIMail)
    provided as a public service by     | 75300.3115@compuserve.com (CompuServe)
    Jon Edward Shum (jon@mitre.org)     | clintonpz@aol.com (America Online)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55055
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: "Women With Guns" on CBS

Catch tonight's (Thursday's) CBS Street Stories.  Covers, among others,
the work of AWARE (Arming Women Against Rape and Endangerment), a women's
empowerment and training group in Massachusetts.  They'll be interviewing
spokesperson Nancy Bittle, as well as some of her students.  (Assuming
all of the "interesting" stuff they taped makes the final cut.)

[If they show the ugly housebreaker in the toque and sunglasses, wave hi.]
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55056
From: f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu
Subject: Re: Janet Reno on Nightline

In article <FINN.93Apr20102525@dalek.ISI.EDU>, finn@ISI.EDU (Greg Finn) writes:
> 
> 	I am bothered by the suggestion of child abuse that Janet Reno
> used several times last night, both on and off Nightline as a de facto
> justification for approving the raid.  If that is to be used as a
> justification of potentially lethal force attack on the compound, and
> doing structural damage can fairly be called that, then that evidence
> had better be quite strong.  That seemed to be on Ted Kopel's mind
> last night.
> 
> 	Reno stated that they had evidence of child abuse.  She would
> not say what it was.  Koresh's now ex-lawyer was inside the compound
> repeatedly and told her to her face last night that he saw plenty of
> happy children playing with their mothers and no signs of child abuse
> whatsoever.  No brooding silent children, no apparent bruising, and so
> on.  Her reply to this was that child abuse is not always as evident
> as that.  True, but what better evidence could the FBI have had?  At
> this point it seems difficult to see how the FBI could have had better
> evidence than that seen by Koresh's lawyer who was an eye witness.
> 
> 	Having lived in LA and seen the media and authority feeding
> frenzy that accompanied the McMartin Preschool debacle, I have seen
> just how hot a button a child abuse charge can be.  Child abuse has
> been used before by authorities as a justification to discard prudence.
> 
> 	I find Janet Reno's repeated assertions of evidence of child
> abuse rather curious.  Wasn't the warrant issued for a supposed
> weapons violation?  That certainly had nothing to do with child abuse.
> Are we to assume therefore that new evidence of child abuse arose
> after the issuance of that warrant and the initial assault?  If so, I
> fail to see now how that new evidence was gathered, and how it could
> be better that on-site eye witness evidence.
> --
> Gregory Finn	(310) 822-1511
> Information Sciences Institute, Marina Del Rey, CA 90292

On TV news this morning it was reported that the local Texas authorities
who have reviewed the cases of the 21 children who were released
earlier in the siege have found no evidence of physical or sexual
abuse of any of the children.  I don't recall if this was on Good
Morning America or our local Texas TV station.

*   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 Joe Gaut                    |   In the super-state, it really does not
 <f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu> |   matter at all what actually happened.
     Remember the Alamo      |   Truth is what the government chooses to 
       Remember Waco         |   tell you.  Justice is what it wants to happen.
                                        --Jim Garrison, New Orleans, La.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55057
From: nagle@netcom.com (John Nagle)
Subject: Re: FBI Director's Statement on Waco Standoff

ndallen@r-node.hub.org (Nigel Allen) writes:
> FBI Director's Statement On Waco Standoff
>   "I had hoped to be making a very different statement this evening.
>After very careful planning and extensive preparation we all thought
>that today's efforts by the FBI to bring the Branch Davidians out of
>their compound would result in the peaceful resolution of the
>stand-off or at least meaningful negotiation.
>   "Instead, we are faced with devastation and death.  However, I
>have no question that our plan was correct and was conducted with
>extreme professionalism and care.  I applaud the restraint shown by
>agents in the face of life-threatening gunfire, and I thank them for
>risking their lives to try to end this peacefully.  I have only the
>greatest admiration for the courage and professionalism of all
>involved."

      "I have no question that our plan was correct?"  Months to
get ready, unlimited funds, knowledge of a threatened mass suicide by fire,
and no fire trucks on hand?   This is "extreme professionalism and care?"

      I can understand the first screwed-up raid by the BATF.  They
underestimated the opposition, which happens.  But not this one.  
The FBI had their first team in place, massive resources, ample time 
for planning and bringing up any specialized equipment or people necessary.  
They still botched it.

      The FBI Director and the FBI SAC in overall charge should resign,
or be fired for incompetence.

      I don't blame Reno or Clinton.  They gave the FBI clear orders:
don't go in unless you can do it without casualties; if you can't do that,
wait it out.  Those were reasonable orders.  The FBI said they could
pull off a tactical solution, and they couldn't.

					John Nagle

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55058
From: lilak@peaks.enet.dec.com (Rod Lilak)
Subject: Re: Should Anybody be Permitted to Own a .50 BMG rifle?


In article <93111.141747JCEHC@CUNYVM.BITNET>, <JCEHC@CUNYVM.BITNET> writes:
Path: nntpd2.cxo.dec.com!pa.dec.com!decwrl!ames!saimiri.primate.wisc.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!usenet.ins.cwru.edu!news.ysu.edu!psuvm!cunyvm!jcehc
Organization: City University of New York
Date: Wednesday, 21 Apr 1993 14:17:47 EDT
From: <JCEHC@CUNYVM.BITNET>
Message-ID: <93111.141747JCEHC@CUNYVM.BITNET>
Newsgroups: talk.politics.guns
Subject: Should Anybody be Permitted to Own a .50 BMG rifle?
Lines: 26

   For the moment, forget about BATF incompetence or FBI hubris.  Did
anybody catch Rep. Charles Shumer on the news last night holding up
a .50 BMG cartridge and rhetorically asking if anybody should be allowed
to own one of these.  (I presume he meant the rifle for which it is chambered
and not the cartridge which you can get for a buck.)

  So what's your guess for the upcoming anti-gun agenda:

1.   A ban on heavy caliber rifles. (read .50 BMG)

2.   A ban on "sniper rifles"

3. A ban on "stockpiling" guns and ammunition.


BTW: Shumer is perhaps the most misinformed congressman I have seen on
     the news. I wonder how he finds the floor in the morning.
-------
MICHAEL F. GORDON
JCEHC@CUNYVM.CUNY.EDU

"Vote as you shot."  (19th Cent Republican campaign slogan )


Shumer is not mis-informed, he knows full well what he is doing.

If you look at his other votes, and positions as an agent of redistribution
of wealth & property in this country, to him guns and personal freedom 
are incompatible with his obvious world-view. They are a threat to the
'order' he would impose.

	R

--
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"It [collectivism vs individualism] is an ancient conflict. Men have come
close to the truth, but it was destroyed each time and one civilization fell
after another. Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The
savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe.
Civilization is the process of setting man free from men."
    -- Ayn Rand : 'Roark's speech from the _Fountainhead_'
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I don't speak for my company. We hire the 'Politically Correct' to do that.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55059
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Dealing with cults - a few thoughts

In article <OAF.93Apr21181038@klosters.ai.mit.edu>, oaf@zurich.ai.mit.edu (Oded Feingold) writes:

> Look at history.  Rep Leo Ryan (and some staffers) visited Jonestown,
> at the request of constituents who had relatives there.  Once
> Jonestown was discovered, and even though they killed Ryan and his
> entourage ... they all killed themselves, because Jim Jones knew he'd
> be busted...

> The only way to prevent such a problem would be never to investigate
> reports of child abuse or sexual mistreatment, or organizations buying
> full-auto conversion kits or shipping hand grenades via UPS, on the
> off chance of stumbling across cults that would kill themselves. ...
> 
> So, the only way the BATF/FBI could "save" those people, and future
> cults, is by ignoring such signs.

The paucity of this line of argument is that it is provably false.

Texas state officials COULD and DID investigate child abuse charges.
They COULD and DID apprehend Koresh peaceably.  The COULD and DID
impound his weapons for the duration.  And Koresh was NOT CONVICTED.

Note that child abuse and similar accusations are STATE matters, not
federal.  The state COULD and DID handle them properly and peaceably,
and furthermore violating no one's constitutional rights in the process.

So maybe the best way for BATF/FBI to save people is to mind their 
own fucking business.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55060
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <C5v9Fv.Krt@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
> In article <C5uHuo.Awq@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf) writes:
> >In article <nate.1485.735408842@psygate.psych.indiana.edu> nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle) writes:
> >>    Yeah, as information trickles in... funny how that works...
> >
> >Funny, yeah, funny how you didn't wait for the FBI spokesdroid 
> >latest reversal of "facts" before proclaiming the BD's burned
> >themselves to death.
> 
> If you won't believe anything the government says, and the press
> is not reliable according to the same logic, then what do you base
> your statements on?  Wild speculation laced with a healthy dose
> of paranoia?

Funny, Brent, but so far we have heard two versions of the "facts:"

1) What the government says.  This includes what the government says that
   two survivors have said.

2) What Koresh's lawyer (who was actually inside the compound) says,
   including what he says that most of the survivors have said.

Strange, but they seem to disagree in most important particulars.

If anyone has actually seen news reports of any of the survivors
speaking first-hand, feel free ot pitch in.  I may have missed it.
But my money is that their story will sound a hell of a lot like
case 2, and not at all like case 1.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55061
From: gt6511a@prism.gatech.EDU (COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH)
Subject: Re: Impeach Clinton, Reno

Few simple points:  Leadership: You are responsible for all that your 
                      subordinates do or fail to do.

                    Law: Any deaths that occur as a result or during the
                       commision of a crime are a felony against whoever dies
                       during the incident, and whoever committed the crime
                       establishing the incident is chargable for MURDER ONE.
                       This is how criminals are charged with murder for the
                       deaths of bystanders from police stray rounds and such.
                       Someone dying of a heart attack is also considered a
                       murder one, if it is in a situation caused by a crime.

-- 
********************************************************************************
James S. Cochrane        *  When in danger, or in doubt, run in * This space 
gt6511a@prism.gatech.edu *  circles, scream and shout.          * for rent
********************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55062
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE
From: <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>

In article <1r2d2rINNa7e@hp-col.col.hp.com>, dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff) says:
>
>NUT CASE PANICS!!!!REALIZES HE'S MADE A COMPLETE FOOL OF HIMSELF IN FRONT OF
>THOUSANDS OF NETTERS!!!!BACKS AWAY FROM EARLIER RASH STATEMENTS!!!!GOD HAVE
>MERCY ON HIM!!!!

I love a clown, even a school-yard one.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55063
From: scasburn@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu (Steven M Casburn)
Subject: Flames on the net about flames in Waco

In article <C5vGME.GoA@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wa
yne J. Warf) writes:
>In article <C5v9Fv.Krt@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvin
e) writes:
>>
>>If you won't believe anything the government says, and the press
>>is not reliable according to the same logic, then what do you base
>>your statements on?  Wild speculation laced with a healthy dose
>>of paranoia?
>
>Are you a moron or just illiterate?
> [...]
>Oh, I forgot, you're the guy that doesn't know microwave oven need
>electricity, never mind.

     And you're the guy that doesn't know that illiterate people can't write 
coherent sentences. Does that make you superior somehow?

                                        Steve
[]
-- 
   Steve Casburn (scasburn@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu)
    "Across the page / across the ages / the moving hand of history [pleads]
     For a kinder eye to see us / not as we are / but as we dream"
                                                  -- Mark King

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55064
From: <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr21.053035.29591@mcs.kent.edu>, mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu
(The Lawnmowerman) says:
>[deleted]
>lives for <<<<HIS>>>> cause.  Therefore it is Davids fault and not the ATF's
>who gave them 50 to 51 days to get out, this was 50 days to many for me and
>for many of the rest of the U.S.  I am however sad to hear of the death of any
>child unlike the sick bastard I supposedly am.
>--
>+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
>| Matthew R. Hamilton   | mhamilto@mcs.kent.edu    |      A.K.A              |
>| CS/ Physics Major     | 1499h751@ksuvxb.kent.edu |   (The Lawnmowerman)    |
>| Kent State University | 1299h751@ksuvxb.kent.edu |                         |

How tragically ironic that a post like this should originate
from Kent State. Apparently the lessons of history have been
ignored there.






Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55065
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: The Dayton Gun "Buy Back" (Re: Boston Gun Buy Back)

In <1993Apr21.202659.28336@mtu.edu> cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter) writes:

>> Is there something similar pro-gun people can do ?  For example, pay $100
>> to anyone who lawfully protects their life with a firearm ?  Sounds a bit
>> tacky, but hey, whatever works.

>How about a gun buy-back/charity?  Get some sponsors to fund the
>purchase of used firearms, have a gunsmith check them over, and give
>or sell them at a low price to poor persons wishing to own firearms. ;-)

	Why sell them at a low price to poor people immediately?  The NRA
is an educational organization too, after all, and it would be a shame
to pay all that money for new guns when these cheap guns would allow a
lot of money thus saved to be used in opening more classes.  Mention
that the NRA trains our boys in blue and you've got the media between
a rock and a hard place.

	"City pays $50 per gun to reduce crime."
			or
	"NRA to pay $50 per gun to provide training guns for police
	 and citizens.  Classes expanded with money saved."

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55066
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: WACO burning

v111qheg@ubvmsb.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION) writes:

>Can you imagine what happens when a magazine explodes?

	Generally the ship sinks (sorry, there's a picture of the
USS Iowa next to my desk).

> Bullets go flying every
>where. IMHO, these "gunshot wounds" were actually caused when the magazines 
>went up.

	First, unless that round is chambered there is little threat of
penetration by the bullet, or the brass for that matter.  Unless that
expanding gas is held in an enclosed space you get a nice "pop" and not
enough threat for even firefighters to worry about.  Finally, it's
rather simple to tell if a person was shot prior to being burned to
a crisp.  See, by the time the ammunition went up those people were
quite dead.  Look for blood around the wound, particularly bruising.

	However, it's my contention that it makes little difference
whether they died from exploding ammunition or fire; the Feds seem
to have shared responsibility for both.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55067
From: kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT)
Subject: Re: Waco survivors 1715 19 April

From article <C5sEGz.Mwr@dscomsa.desy.de>, by hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker):
> 
> In article <APM.93Apr20090558@hpopdlau.pwd.hp.com>, apm@hpopdlau.pwd.hp.com (Andrew Merritt) writes:
> |>Path: dscomsa!dxcern!mcsun!uknet!pipex!uunet!think.com!sdd.hp.com!hpscit.sc.hp.com!apm
> |>From: apm@hpopdlau.pwd.hp.com (Andrew Merritt)
> 
> |>In article <1993Apr19.170353.1@vms.ocom.okstate.edu> chorley@vms.ocom.okstate.edu writes:
[stuff about British cult members deleted]
> |>What exactly are you trying to say?  And why were there no fire-engines within
> |>a mile of the compound?
> 
> Because the Gun loonies were firing on vehicles with 50mm amunition that
> has a range of 3000 meters.

They were using 50 caliber ammunition not 50mm ammo.  50mm would be 5cm; a
shell of this size would be larger than a lot of cannon shells.

Snipers could have screened the people trying to put out the fire.  Besides,
the ranch house (not "fort apocalypse"; it was just a house despite what
the FBI and ATF says) was on *fire*.  The "Gun loonies" couldn't hardly
have been shooting at fire men while there house was engulfed in flames.
The FBI and ATF don't have any excuse for not having fire engines there
to put out the blaze.  The bastards waited until the fire was *well*
under way before they called the fire department in Waco.  They didn't
even tell the fire department to be on standby.  I sincerely hope that
the FBI, ATF, Attorney General Janet Reno, and all others involved in
this fiasco get the just punishment that they so richly deserve.
Someone should pay for this needless, tragic waste of human life.

Sadly, these evil SOBs will probably never face justice.  The media
and the government will just whitewash this incident and chalk it
up as being solely David Koresh's fault.  Sadder still, the American
people will probably believe them.

> Next question.
> 
> 
> The problem is of course the laws that allow a bunch of raving nutters
> to collect a huge stack of arms in the first place.

This is not the problem...the problem is that we have a government that
is becoming more tyrannical every day.  If people decide to own guns
*and* live in one place together then that is their prerogative.  On
the other hand, if the BDs were in posession of explosives and illegal
guns then the government did have the right to search their compound.
But, the allegations that the BDs were in posession of illegal weapons
hasn't been proven yet, so I'm not going to conclude that the BDs broke
any laws.  David Koresh was accused of abusing children, but if this
is his *only* crime then the presence of the ATF can't be justified.
The ATF is only supposed to deal with firearms, tobacco, and alcohol
violations.  ATF agents are basically cigarette cops...they should
stay out of other kinds of law-enforcement actions that are out of
their jurisdiction.  Better yet, they should be s**tcanned IMO.

> The sequence of events meant that there really was no option but to
> attempt some sort of breakthrough via an intervention. If the FBI had
> had the stomach for it they could have mounted a commando type
> raid and attempted to save the children by shooting all the adults.

Sounds like something the SS would do.  Human life---children and adults
alike---should be treated with respect---even if they are "heavily-armed
religious wackos".

David Koresh's lawyer seemed to think that everyone *would* come out
peacefully sooner or later.  The FBI and ATF had NOTHING BUT TIME ON
THEIR HANDS!  Why did they have to escalate the situation and cause
this senseless tragedy?  Their job is to protect the public and SAVE
LIVES NOT KILL PEOPLE for crying out loud.

> It really was a no win situation. Koresh had plenty of opportunity 
> to give up and stand trial for the murder of the 4 ATF officers. Instead
> he ordered the murder of the children.
 
Don't be so sure about that.  I read in a newspaper today that one of the
cult members said that when one of the tanks went through the wall that
it knocked over a lantern which caused the ranch house to be caught on
fire.  This cult member also said that David Koresh had *no* intentions
of committing mass suicide.  David Koresh's lawyer also confirms this.
Therefore, if this is true then this means that the FBI AND ATF MURDERED
EVERYONE IN THAT HOUSE!  Even if this is not true, the FBI and ATF still
don't get off the hook because they waited a damn long time to call the
Waco fire department.  Perhaps they wanted all these people to die.

> In order to reject the word of the FBI and BATF it is neccessary to beleive
> the words of a man who has just murdered 17 children and ordered the 
> suicide/murder of his other 80 followers. According to the account given
> the BATF attempted to serve a warrant upon Koresh at the ranch and were met
> by gunfire in a deliberate attempt to murder them. The Koresh/gun supporter
> claim that the BATF started shooting simply does not stand up. If the 
> AFT had gone there to start shooting they would have gone with heavier
> grade weaponry than standard issue handguns. For all practical purposes
> they were unarmed, the B-D followers had automatic weapons.
 
You're wrong on several accounts.  ATF agents were adequately armed.  They
had MP5s, AR-15s, and shotguns.  Some agents were armed with automatic
pistols but not all were.  The ATF's initial claim---which they later
retracted---that agents were underarmed is simply ludicrous.

> The B-D seige could not be allowed to go on indefinitely. The B-D were
> quite capable of commiting mass suicide and murdering the children at any
> time. A commando assault was the only other likely action that could have
> achieved that objective, that would have been very risky, orders of 
> magintude harder than Antebbe or the Iranian Embassy Seige. Airplanes
> and Embassies are not designed for defense against attack ranch 
> apocalypse was. 6 terrorists are far easier to disloge without casualties
> than 80.
> 
> Allowing the siege to go on was not an option either, besides the serious
> risk that Koresh would proclaim armageddon at any moment there was the 
> question of the difficulties of keeping the emmergency team on standby over
> a prolonged period. The longer the siege went on the more mentally prepared
> Koresh and his followers would be for a prolonged siege. Rather than go
> in prematurely the mistake was probably to go in too soon.
> 
> 
> Can you think of a better way of getting the children out?
> 
> A 100% certain way?
> 
> 
> The people who do not want gun control must obviously discount the entire
> government story. This is simply rationalisation. It is not enough for 
> them to simply dismiss the government as incompetent. That would require
> them to come up with a solution themselves. Instead they have to come
> up with a government conspiracy theory whereby the government decided to
> set out to murder 80 people just to set up some sort of scare to alow them
> to get gun control legislation through.

Gun control isn't the only issue here.  If the sick little monkeys in
Washington try to use the Waco incident as a reason to ban guns then
they will have demonstrated just how f***ed up they are.  What concerns
me much more than new gun control legislation is that the government
seems to be able to get away with s**t like they did in Waco...they are
becoming more and more callous about people's rights and the law.  This
greatly disturbs me and it should disturb you as well.

> This conspiracy theory assumes that the BATF deliberately got 4 of its
> agents killed and that the FBI etc actually enjoy sitting out in the
> middle of Texas being shot at by religious nutters.
> 
> Still the conspiracy theory is comforting, it allows them to pretend that
> WACO proves nothing except about how incompetent the government is in 
> resolving a hostage crisis. No govt in the world has ever faced a 
> comparable situation, quite probably there was no manner in which it
> could be peacefully resolved. The blame does not rest on the FBI, it
> rests on the fact that Koresh was allowed to get so far, in particular
> the person who tipped the B-D off in advance has the murder of 4 ATF
> agents and 17 children on his or her conscience.
> 
> 
> There are a large number of people in the US who predict the end of society
> preach salvation through armed security. The fact is that these are the
> very people who pose the threat to society in the first place. The next WACO
> may not be religious nutters but a political movement. A splinter group
> of the Klu Klux Klan taking over a schoolhouse in a black area for example
> and holding several hundred children hostage.
> 
> The only possible solution to such situations that can work is to prevent
> them arising. No other government in the world has faced such a situation. 
> this is because no other government has so carelessly allowed high power
> weaponry to become avaliable to any little Hitler or would be Messiah
> to set themselves up as dictator in their own little empire.
> 
> 
> Phill Hallam-Baker


Scott Kennedy,  Brewer and Patriot

Before:  "David Koresh is a cheap thug who interprets
          the Bible through the barrel of a gun..."  --ATF spokesman
After:   "[The ATF] is a cheap thug who interprets
          [the Constitution] through the barrel of a gun..."  --Me


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55068
From: johnm@karnak.lonestar.org (John Meaders)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

mhamilto@Nimitz.mcs.kent.edu (The Lawnmowerman) writes:

>In article <93109.13404334AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET>, <34AEJ7D@CMUVM.BITNET> writes:
>   "GENOCIDAL MASS-SLAUGHTER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE".  Besides there are nine 
>   survivors in the burn-unit of the local hospital and was reported that David
>   was in one of the towers when the shit hit the fan.  Besides, a majority of 
>   these children were children that he was supposed to have been the father of,
>   this then makes them bastard children to a sacraligious zeloit (sp).  Also
>   someone should have told David and his followers that if they can't the heat
>   then they should stay out of the kitchen!! (pun intended)

I guess you need to be reminded of some things!  Have you ever heard of the
First Amendment?  I guess not.  It isn't a crime to be a religous (I know
you said "sacraligious", but it isn't your place to judge his religion)
zealot in this country.  REMEMBER we have freedom of religion in this country!
I guess you are selective in that respect!  So what if they were "bastard"
children.  They were CHILDREN!  Do you condone their deaths?  I pray for
your lack of a soul if you do!
-- 
John B. Meaders, Jr.	"Gun Control is being able to hit your target!"
8820 Southwestern Blvd. #1103, Dallas, TX  75206
VoiceMail:  214-750-0273	UUCPMail:  karnak!johnm
InterNet:  johnm@karnak.lonestar.org

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55069
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1r569aINN7ss@charnel.ecst.csuchico.edu>, nomad@ecst.csuchico.edu (Michael Larish) writes:

> 	How is Clinton responsible?  It was a law enforcement action.
> Granted, it was a nationally covered incident but Clinton had no more to
> do with the outcome than Fred Flintstone.

Do I think Clinton conceived of it?  No.
Do I think Clinton ordered it?  No.
Do I think Clinton was aware of it before it went down?  No.
Do I think Clinton was aware of it after it went down?  Of course; who wasn't?
Do I think Clinton prejudged these people to a certain extent because he
                   believed the BATF crap about child abuse and stockpiling
                   "evil semi-automatic weapons?"  Yes.
Do I think Clinton ever questioned federal jurisdiction in this matter?  No.
Do I think Clinton ever considered the civil rights of the victims?  No.

> 	As for the rest, I won't argue whether BATF handled the initial
> confrontation well (or as it should have).  But from day 2 on, I have no
> problem with the way the operation was handled or the decisions made.

Some of us suspect that ALL the unlawful mistakes made on Day 1 were made 
on the government's end.  That makes days 2-51 nothing but a macho 
alternative to delivering an apology.

> As
> for day 51, as long as the FBI and BATF didn't INTENTIONALLY set the fire
> then, while it is certainly tragic, the majority of Americans (according
> to a recent poll) have no problems with the operation itself. 

Who gives a good goddamn about some bullshit "opinion poll" of "most 
Americans?"  Most Americans swallow the government line that they're fed --
not because they're stupid, but because it's the only line they ever hear.

"Most Americans" thought the staff at the McMaster(?) school was guilty,
guilty, guilty.  Woops, turns out they weren't.  "Most Americans" once
thought that black slaves weren't human beings.  Woops, wrong again.
"Most Americans" thought Saddam Hussein was the Antichrist.  Oh dear,
he was a "special friend of the American government" until two years 
previously.  You know, maybe truth ISN'T determined by majority vote
of a half-informed public after all.

> In fact,
> most Americans (according to this poll) think it should have been
> resolved sooner...

You're just testy because of all those newsbreaks that were interrupting
"Roseanne."
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55071
From:  ()
Subject: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

"Freed om of Religion" has absolutely nothing to do with building a small
arsenal and grooming 10-year old children to be your wife. "I'll come out
as soon as I finish my manuscript on the Seven Seals." Oh, OK, David.

I agree that Koresh was as much of a victim as a perpetrator; this because
he grew up inside the cult, and engaged in a power struggle where his
supporters helped inflate his ego.

That doesn't change the fact that he was a loose fucking cannon with a
shitload of serious weapons. Or that he was banging thirteen year olds and
twisting their impressionable little minds.

This was no MOVE fuck-up. A helicoptor was thermal-imaging the compound
that afternoon and detected three fires erupting almost simultaneously.
There were no CS CANISTERS... a specially modified Abrams was pupming the
stuff in. No chance of starting a fire there. Kerosene lamps? Maybe one,
but not three fires. No way. Koresh wasn't just talking out of his ass. I
expected this to happen.

Maybe they WANTED it to look like murder. He had 50+ days. I think this was
coming the whole time. He didn't even put the children in the buried bus or
the underground bunker during the CS seige. He put them up into the tower
to die. Fuck all of you "Big Brother" paranoid freaks. The only good thing
to come of any of this is that there will be one less group of crazoids to
attract some of the more rootless members of our society.

joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55073
From: mroberts@ptdcs2.intel.com (Mark Roberts ~)
Subject: Re: FYI - BATF reply on Waco

In article <1993Apr20.060635.26568@ke4zv.uucp> gary@ke4zv.UUCP (Gary Coffman) writes:
>In article <nagleC5n2sz.5IA@netcom.com> nagle@netcom.com (John Nagle) writes:
>>      The San Francisco Examiner reports that Clinton has issued instructions
>>to federal law enforcement that they may not kill or injure anyone to 
>>resolve the Waco situation.  So they've built a fence around the compound,
>>and are now seriously considering building up the fence to prison-camp
>>levels, pulling out most of the manpower, and waiting however many months
>>it takes.
>
>Well either the Examiner was wrong (as usual) or Clinton lied *again*.

Or perhaps David Koresh didn't listen too well??  Just because mistakes
were made does not mean the President *lied*.

>
>Gary
>
>-- 
>Gary Coffman KE4ZV          |    You make it,     | gatech!wa4mei!ke4zv!gary
>Destructive Testing Systems |    we break it.     | uunet!rsiatl!ke4zv!gary
>534 Shannon Way             |    Guaranteed!      | emory!kd4nc!ke4zv!gary 
>Lawrenceville, GA 30244     |                     | 

** Mark


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55074
From: cash@convex.com (Peter Cash)
Subject: Re: Nature of the Waco gas

In article <1r6170INNdlu@cronkite.Central.Sun.COM> dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM writes:
>Just heard on the network radio news a spokesman from the
>army saying that the type of CS gas used in Waco had been
>banned from military use.  Its use is also banned by a
...
>The reason given was that the use causes extreme nausea,
>blindness, disorientation, total irrationality, raging paranoia.  
>Children would be all the more susceptible, and show the results all the
>earlier.  

If we are indeed talking about CS, then this is not quite accurate. CS is
"just" tear gas--albeit the worst kind. It isn't a nausea gas, and doesn't
have direct CNS effects. However, it's quite bad--much worse than CN gas. I
was briefly exposed to it once (during an engagement in Berkeley circa 1968
8^) and it's not the kind of thing you forget. It seems to be
moisture-activated--it not only made my eyes sting and water, but attacked
my breathing passages and lungs. Breathing was painful, and my entire face
felt as if it was on fire. These effects persisted for hours after
exposure, and I was coughing for days afterwards.  If I was exposed to a
dense concentration of this stuff in a closed space for several hours, I
doubt whether I could find the exit. Indeed, I can't imagine living through
it.


-- 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
             |      Die Welt ist alles, was Zerfall ist.     |
Peter Cash   |       (apologies to Ludwig Wittgenstein)      |cash@convex.com
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55075
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Congress to review ATF's status

In article <C5vzHF.D5K@cbnews.cb.att.com>, lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:

> 	WASHINGTON (UPI) -- As part of its investigation of the deadly
> confrontation with a Texas cult, Congress will consider whether the
> Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms should be moved from the
> Treasury Department to the Justice Department, senators said Wednesday.
> 	The idea will be considered because of the violent and fatal events
> at the beginning and end of the agency's confrontation with the Branch
> Davidian cult.

Of course.  When the catbox begines to smell, simply transfer its
contents into the potted plant in the foyer.

"Why Hillary!  Your government smells so... FRESH!"
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55076
From: garrod@dynamo.ecn.purdue.edu (David Garrod)
Subject: Re: WACO burning

In article <C5wCyB.n1F@dscomsa.desy.de>, hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker) writes:
......
> 
> No Koresh is responsible.
> 
> If a murderer goes on the rampage it is the murderer who is responsible.
> The police may bear responsiblity for failing to stop him but the primary
> responsibility is with the murderer.
> 

When did Koresh go on a rampage?

What I saw was an unnecessary, unprovoked massive attack on Feb. 28th.

Probably even an illegal action by ATF, certainly way out of proportion
to anything reasonable.

And yet, according to a pole taken yesterday, 95% of the people poled
believe the government forces acted appropriately.  They don`t believe
Reno or the President have any guilt in ordering/allowing the attack.

I suppose they also believed things like:
"I would present a 5-year plan to balance the budget."
"We don`t need to lead with a tax increase...."
"It starts with a middle-class tax cut..."
"I`ll have the bills ready the day after I am inaugurated and we`ll
have a 100 day period....It will be the most productive in modern history."
"I will ask congress for a line item veto.."
"I will lift the social security earnings test.."

I personally prefer to disbelieve the government until they prove themselves
right, rather than the other way around.  That way I have a better than
50% chance of being right about my first guess!

Read the constitution sometime, it is supposed to protect the citizens
and their rights.  I am sick of the abuse of government power.

As Tom Jefferson said:
"When all government,..., shall be drawn to Washington as the centre of
all power, it will render powerless the checks provided of one government
on another and will become as venal and oppressive as the government
from which we separated."  (1821)


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55077
From: R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu
Subject: Re: Gun Buy Back

In article <1993Apr22.134330.9761@rti.rti.org>
jbs@rti.rti.org writes:
 
>
>In article <16BB7BA6A.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu> R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu writes:
>>...Gun buyback programs will hopefully
>>have an impact on accidental shootings (especially youths), domestic
>>disputes where a gun is available in the heat of emotion and anger, and
>>maybe keep a few guns from being stolen and later used in street-level
>>crime.
>
>What gives you the idea that gun "buyback" programs will have an impact on
>any of these things?  Evidence, please?
>
> Please don't misinterret  what I was saying Joe.  I was making the point tha
there is NO evidence of effect of gun buyback programs but hopefully if
there is any effect it may prevent injuries or deaths in one of these types
of common incidents.
 
>If you're a "Research Associate" in "Urban Child Research," then perhaps
>you can comment for us on the ratio of the accidental gun death rate to the
>rate of accidental death from other single causes?  Follow that perhaps
>with some sort of justification for the amount of effort that anti-gunners
>spend trying to convince the country that accidental gun-related death
>among children in the U.S. is a serious problem.
>
 Firearms are the fifth-leading cause of unintentional deaths among children
ages 14 and under.  I don't understand how the ratio to other accidental
deaths is important.  So guns don't kill as many children as car accidents.
What is the difference in severity between 1,000 deaths and 10,000 deaths?
I am not trying to use accidental gun-related deaths among children as a
justification for gun control.  Who needs to be convinced that accidental
gun deaths of children is a serious problem?  I assumed that any humane
person would be concerned when any 10 year old got hold of their parents
gun from their bedroom drawer and accidently blew away one of their friends.
 
>>More than anything, gun buyback programs are symbolic offerings to the
>>community.  In that sense, I think they might do a little good.
>
>Please explain why you think "symbolic offerings" do good.
>
 My point was, gun buyback programs which are almost always run by police
departments MIGHT (I stress might) do a LITTLE (I stress little) good by
giving people the impression that the police are attempting to respond
to interpersonal gun violence in a unique way.  Overall, I thought that I
had made it clear that I did not think that gun buyback programs were
useful.
 
 
>>I do know that the vast majority of guns that are used by youths or
>>brought to school by youths on a daily basis (about 135,000 youths) are
>>obtained easily and quickly, through a personal friend, or more often
>>"borrowed" from a parent without their knowledge.
>
>I suggest you go back and look at wherever you saw these "statistics" - I
>suspect you'll find if you look carefully that 135,000 is the number of
>students *estimated* to have carried *a weapon* (not necessarily a gun)
>to school at least once in the past year, and not the number of students
>who carry a gun to school daily.
>
 Well Joe, I suggest that you talk to the Center to Prevent Handgun Violence
or the Centers for Disease Control.  If YOU look carefully you will see
that YOU greatly underestimate the presence of guns in the lives of youths.
The CPHV reports that 135,000 youth bring GUNS to school DAILY and that
400,000 bring GUNS to school at least once a year.  The CDC estimates
that 1 out 0f 25 high school students carried a gun to school at least once
in 1990.  The CDC also says that 1.2 million elementary-aged, latch-key
children (kids who come home from school to an empty house), have access
to guns in their home.  California schools reported a 200% increase in
student gun confiscations between 1986 and 1990, and a 40% increase between
1988 and 1990.  Florida reported a 61% percent increase in gun incidents in
schools between 1986/87 amd 1987/88.  These are the "statistics".
 
 
 
>>thus willing to follow a man who claimed to be the Messiah (Got news
>>for you folks, if the Big Cheese was on this crazy planet of ours
>>presently, he would NOT be carrying a gun or holding children when they
>>were in danger).
>
>"Holding kids?"  Time for a reality check, son.  These kids were the
>children of the people inside who believed that the forces of evil were
>outside waiting to kill them.  Would you send *your* children out the door
>if you believed as they did?
>
 Okay, maybe I worded it wrong...DAD.  I meant that to put children in a
situation (fortified compound) where harm could come to them is not the
act of a Messiah in my opinion.  I'm not saying that Koresh had control over
these children directly, but I would hope that whatever Messiah there is
would not let innocent children die.
If as he claimed he was the Messiah and people followed him as such, why
did he not tell their parents to free the children instead of letting them
burn alive?  Thanks for the reality check Joe, its been real.
 
Rodney

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55078
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: WACO burning

In article <C5wCyB.n1F@dscomsa.desy.de>, hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker) writes:

> No Koresh is responsible.
> 
> If a murderer goes on the rampage it is the murderer who is responsible.

ram.page, n.: To move about wildly or violently.  A course of frenzied,
violent action.

Who assaulted who here, Phill?  Do you remember exactly which side came 
out looking for trouble?

> The police may bear responsiblity for failing to stop him but the primary
> responsibility is with the murderer.

So if it turns out that the fire WAS caused by a tank knocking over a
Coleman lantern, you'll support punishing the "responsible" people, Phill?
Or will you find then find a different reason to hang it all on Koresh?
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55079
From: jdurbin@nl.oracle.com (Jason Durbin)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5zsyn.MtD@sugar.neosoft.com>, jpsb@NeoSoft.com (Jim Shirreffs) writes:
|> |>      If the FBI started the fire, why didn`t people flee the
|> |> burning building?
|> |> 
|> |> James Dusek
|>  
|> James, it could be that they were determined to stay together in the compound
|> no matter what happened. Perhaps the fire was accidental, and the DB simply
|> refused to leave the compod. Perhap they died fighting the fire? who knows.
|> we will have to wait and see. i persaonlly find it hard to believe that they 
|> would all agree to burn themselves up! what a horrible way to go.
|> 
|> jim shirreffs

I seem to recall graphic news file of buddhist monks setting themselves on fire
in the streets of Saigon. Yes, its a horrible way to go, but apparently not
so horrible that someone with enough religious conviction might not be able to 
carry it through. And, since they've discovered bullet wounds in a couple of 
the bodies from the compound, there is the possiblity that those with the will power to self immolate also had the will power to take out the ones who had
less constitutional fortitude. Then again, maybe the FBI ran in while the fire
was raging, executed those two, and ran out again.

Jason Durbin
Oracle Europe

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55080
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Photographers removed from compound

In article <C5vF59.83q@news.udel.edu>, roby@chopin.udel.edu (Scott W Roby) writes:

> two news photographers were found 
> on the compound earlier this morning without permission.  It was explained 
> to the press corps. that this is dangerous and that an unknown photographer 
> turning around with a long lens camera could be mistaken for someone dangerous 
> by a Texas Ranger surveying the site. (!)  

In other words, "Nice camera you got dere.  It would be a shame if somet'in
wuz ta happen to it..."

> The two photographers were said to be currently in jail 

> It was also emphasized that the survey of the "crime" scene at this 
> point was crucial and that the press could not be allowed to interfere.
> The press will not be allowed in until the bodies are removed and the 
> site has been completely surveyed for evidence for a court case.  

> My opinions:
> -----------
> I find this disturbing. 

Good.  Keep thinking critically.

> While I believe that Koresh is largely 
> responsible for not ending this standoff in a peacable manner during the 
> last 51 days of patient opportunity, I find the secrecy surrounding the 
> aftermath more damaging to the authorities' position than they realize.

What if the secrecy is actually LESS damaging than the alternative?

> I am basing my opinions on info gathered from various media and filtered 
> by my own common sense and consideration of plausibility, IMHO.  As such, 
> my opinion is subject to change as more information is made available.

> Please also note that I by no means endorse  or agree with the many 
> conspiracy-type theories I have read here and in other groups. 

Make your own bite-size pieces.  We'll wait.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55081
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

In article <C5vB3E.Ev5@sugar.neosoft.com>, kunkee@NeoSoft.com (Randy Kunkee) writes:

> Perhaps we are a little off track.  The discussion was about rewording
> the 2nd amendment.  This specifically refers to the right to bear arms.
> "Bear" and "arms" are key words here, no?  Is it too simplistic to say
> that if you can't pick it up (ie. bear it), or if it is not a firearm
> then it can be restricted without amending the constitution.

Firearm?  Let's not even consider long knives (swords), which were also
common militia weapons in the 18th century, and which, if anything, are
often restricted more heavily than firearms.  Whatever sense gun control
makes, knife control makes even less.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55082
From: kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead)
Subject: Re: The Holocaust Revisited

mcsdc1jpb@dct.ac.uk (John Bell) babbles from Scotland, one of England's
last remaining colonies:

>Are you for real?

>People dumb enough to give their money and possessions to a guy who says he's
>jesus deserve all they get

People who were dumb enough to believe Klinton was a moderate deserve what
they get too.  It's a real laugh to hear them try to justify this massacre
with bullsh*t about how concerned they were about how our tax money was
was being spent.  (Wasting money keeping Texans alive?  Hell no. let's
spend it to import Haitians with AIDS so we can treat them at taxpayer
expense.  %^P  )

>Anyway, he killed a few feds

So what?  The Feds killed 90+ civilians when they "ran out of patience", to use
their own phrase.  If the Feds hadn't attacked them, they'd all be home eating 
dinner with their families tonight.  Too bad, but they started it.  Maybe
next time they'll think twice.  That's worth 4 stormtroopers.

>He's not the goddam hero here

Nobody says he is.  What he was was a victim of a left-wing government,
that violated its pledge to protect and uphold the Constitution, run amok.  
Don't worry, though dweeb, we're gonna take it back.  (Hey, I'm a white guy,
but would it be OK if I quoted Malcolm X here, and said "by any means 
necessary"?  Nah, never mind.  We can do this legally...

>He's dead an' i'm happy!!!!!

NO, you're just a brainless f*cking trogladyte.  Go beat up some soccer
fans.  Ignorance is bliss, so drool on with that stupid smile on your 
face when people die needlessly. I hope a badger climbs up your kilt.

(Don't expect these UKies to care about this, folks...  these bastards
never did like the idea that we Americans had the means to defend ourselves 
and wouldn't stand for tyranical governments, which is why we sent them packing 
back to their dreary little island with their tails between their legs twice.)




  **************************************************************************
*     I remember what I was doing         *    Bad boy, whatcha gonna do    * 
*  when I heard that JFK had been shot.   *        Whatcha gonna do         *
*  Will you remember the Battle of Waco?  *    when they come for you...    *
 ***************************************************************************
Ken Whitehead (kdw@odin.icd.ab.com)


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55083
From: spl@szechuan.ucsd.edu (Steve Lamont)
Subject: Re: A Message for you Mr. President: How do you know what happened?

In article <1r6a50$ln4@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> aj359@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Christopher C. Morton) writes:
>
>In a previous article, spl@pitstop.ucsd.edu (Steve Lamont) says:
>
>>The Comsymp ZOG wants you to think that it is the only legitimate
>             ^^^
>>possessor of nuclear weapons.  Unconstitutional!  You and I have just
>>as much right to a kilogram or two of nice weapons grade plutonium as
>>any cruddy little pointy headed liberal Los Alamos pinkos.
>
>Ah yes, yet another anti-semite anti-gunner blunders into tpg and makes
>an ass of himself.

satire \'sa-tir\ n [MF or L; MF, fr. L _satura_, _satira_, fr. (lanx)
satura full plate, medley, fr. fem. of _satur_ sated; akin to L
_satis_ enough - more at SAD](1509) 1: a literary work holding up
human vices and follies to ridicule or scorn.  2: trenchent wit,
irony, or sarcasm used to expose and discredit vice or folly.  syn see
WIT.

							spl
-- 
Steve Lamont, SciViGuy -- (619) 534-7968 -- spl@szechuan.ucsd.edu
San Diego Microscopy and Imaging Resource/UC San Diego/La Jolla, CA 92093-0608
"My other car is a car, too."
                 - Bumper strip seen on I-805

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55084
From: Seth Adam Eliot <se08+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: The Dayton Gun "Buy Back" (Re: Boston Gun Buy Back)

Excerpts from netnews.talk.politics.guns: 21-Apr-93 The Dayton Gun "Buy
Back" (.. by Larry Cipriani@cbnews.cb 
> Is there something similar pro-gun people can do ?  For example, pay $100
> to anyone who lawfully protects their life with a firearm ?  Sounds a bit
> tacky, but hey, whatever works.

Pro-gun people can take used pot-metal guns with sale values LESS THAN
$50.00 and turn them in, thus making a profit at the gun-grabbers
expense.

-Seth

__________________________________________________________________________
[unlike cats] dogs NEVER scratch you when you wash them. They just
become very sad and try to figure out what they did wrong. -Dave Barry
           
Seth Eliot                    Dept of Material Science and Engineering
                              Carnegie Mellon Univerity,   Pittsburgh, PA
ARPA    :eliot+@cmu.edu       |------------------------------------------
   or    se08+@andrew.cmu.edu |
Bitnet:  se08%andrew@cmccvb   |      
------------------------------|

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55085
From: Seth Adam Eliot <se08+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: senate and house addresses

> In article <C5uA7r.DAD@da_vinci.it.uswc.uswest.com>,
pprun@august.it.uswc.uswe
> > 
> > Would someone please post the generic addresses for Congress and 
> > Senate so that we can all write letters?

Unites States Senate
Washington, D.C. 20510

The House of Representatives
Washington, D.C. 20515

The White House
Washington, D.C. 20500

-Seth

__________________________________________________________________________
[unlike cats] dogs NEVER scratch you when you wash them. They just
become very sad and try to figure out what they did wrong. -Dave Barry
           
Seth Eliot                    Dept of Material Science and Engineering
                              Carnegie Mellon Univerity,   Pittsburgh, PA
ARPA    :eliot+@cmu.edu       |------------------------------------------
   or    se08+@andrew.cmu.edu |
Bitnet:  se08%andrew@cmccvb   |      
------------------------------|

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55086
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <16BB88F6D.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu> R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu writes:
> In article <1r5rnn$rdt@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>
> bu008@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Brandon D. Ray) writes:
>  
> >
> >In a previous article, nomad@ecst.csuchico.edu (Michael Larish) says:
> >
> >>In article <1r00ug$d60@btr.btr.com> michaelh@public.btr.com (Michael Hahn   
michaelh@btr.com) writes:
> >>>A partial list of excellent socialist visionaries and the tolls they've
> >>>taken of unpopular religious/ethnic/social groups.
> >>>
> >>>Mao Tse-Tung		Millions Killed
> >>>J. Stalin			Millions Killed
> >>>A. Hitler			Millions Killed
> >>>Pol Pot				100,000s Killed?
> >>>W. J. Clinton		~100 Killed, but relax-he's only had a hundred  
or so days.
> >>
> >>	You people are rather amusing in a perverse sort of way.  You take
> >>a tragic/unpleasant situation that you feel is a terrible injustace, and
> >>assign blame to anybody and everybody with or without a link to the  
incident
> >>simply because they don't fit your extremely narrow definition of good.
> >>
> >>	How is Clinton responsible?  It was a law enforcement action.
> >>Granted, it was a nationally covered incident but Clinton had no more to
> >>do with the outcome than Fred Flintstone.
> >>
> >Perhaps you've been under a rock the last few days?  The BATF and the FBI
> >are both federal agencies.  Clinton has admitted in front of news cameras
> >that Janet Reno (the once and future Attorney General) gave him a full
> >briefing of what was planned *before* they did it, and he gave her the
> >go ahead.
> >
> >Maybe, just possibly, that makes him a *teensy* bit responsible?
> >
> >>--
> The FBI, CIA, BATF, etc. ARE federal agencies, you are correct.  But to
> think there is a visible and clear chain of command up to the Prez, and
> that these agencies inform Reno who informs Clinton, etc. is naive.  These
> agencies operate as distinct and seperate entities and while they have
> ultimate accountability to the Prez, they make their own moves, and then
> tell the Prez, who says, "I knew all along".  While this may not seem right,
> or it may not fit our idealistic need to see a structured chain of command
> leading to the White House, thats the way it is.  Bureaucracys are not, after
> all, composed of 3 or 4 people who talk on a regular basis, have lunch, and
> maybe golf together.  I do agree, the FBI, BATF messed up. I'm not sure if
> they should have stormed the compound or not.  By the way, Jehova Witnesses
> are a religious minority in this country.  Protestantism is a minority
> religion in the World.  BDs were a cult by all definitions and history of
> cults.  To say this is not to persecute a religious or ethnic enclave.
> Koresh said he was the Messiah.  I was raised a Baptist, although I do
> not practice the religion and do not think that the Big Guy upstairs is
> digging the divisiveness, closemindedness, and right-wing morons that are
> associated with the religion.  Anyway, the Messiah that I was taught about
> would not be carrying a gun, let alone stockpiling weapons.  You can doubt
> BATF reports all you want, David Koresh was not a poor soul who was
> unjustly persecuted.  While some of the information coming from the U.S
> government is being exagerated so as keep public opinion on their side, I
> do believe that some of the things that former cult members have said
> are true.  Anyway, this is just another excuse to try and blame President
> Clinton for something.  People who attempt to do this for political motives
> should be ashamed.  THEY are the ones who are keeping this country from
> reaching its full potential.
>  
>  
>  
You seem to make two points.  No one ultimately oversees the federal agencies  
you mention, and since Koresh "apparently" has a different view point from your  
Baptist upbringing, then he is not worthy of protection from religious  
persecution.  As to being the Messiah, is not Christ within us all?

Must be comforting to belong to a government approved religion.

Baptists are a cult, two, BTW, under most of the definitions in the dictionary  
of "cult".

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55087
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: WACO - Willie Authorizes Cook Out (was Re: FBI Director's Statement)

NOTE - local tx groups trimmed out of Newsgroups: line

In article <1r23a3$28a@geraldo.cc.utexas.edu> D.Nash@utexas.edu (Donald L. Nash) writes:
<
<In article <1r208f$bp2@transfer.stratus.com>, cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D.
<Tavares) writes:
<>No, you were right the first time.  Law enforcement agencies should keep
<>HIS opinions in mind before breaking into or assaulting ANYBODY'S house.
<
<OK, let me correct my unfortunate choice of words:  I just hope that the
<law enforcement agencies keep your attitude in mind the next time your
<wife is gang-raped by a bunch of juvenile, drug-dealing thugs while she
<was jogging in the park.  No, strike that... (etc.)
<
<>The BATF came out with horse trailers, 100 men, ninja uniforms, machine 
<>guns, and stun grenades, and used them before Koresh could even look 
<>at the warrant.  Koresh fought back, and people died.
<
<The key part of this sentense is "Koresh fought back."  This was his big
<mistake.  When the police decide to exert their authority over you, you
<don't fight back unless you want people to get hurt.  You cease all
<resistance and signal your submission to their authority.  The cops

They are the BOSS.  You are the SUBJECT.  The concept of defense against
illegal action under color of law is kaput.  No longer is it government
of the people by the people, its government of the people by the biggest
guns.  The idea of 'sorting it out in court later' is fine, but one
has to GET TO COURT IN ONE PIECE to do that.  Korash had good reason
to think that he was not going to get that chance.  (see below).

<aren't in it to beat up and kill people, in spite of the actions of a
<few bad apples.  If you quit resisting, they quit hitting.  Perhaps the
<BATF did over react to the threat posed by Koresh.  Perhaps they did use
<too much force.  OK, fine.  I'm willing to concede to that point if
<sufficient proof is produced (and I admit that there is some evidence to
<indicate this).  However, resisting the BATF is the worst thing Koresh
<could have done.  If they hadn't resisted, there is a good chance that
<no one would have been hurt.  Remeber, they were using stun grenades,
<not anti-personnel grenades.  If the BDs were not in violation of any

Rember, Korash didn't get to sort this all out, serenely typing at his
keyboard.  He heard SOME KIND OF EXPLOSIVES go off, he saw he was being
ATTACKED with no overt action from him (yet).  He could no more say 'oh,
its ok, its only stun grenades' anymore than I could.  He slammed the door at
that point and proceeded to repel the attackers.  He felt in genuine fear
of his life - I know I would be in fear of MY life at that point.  Have
you ever been shot at?  How clear and logically could you think, under
that pressure, when you MIGHT have ALL OF 1 or 2 SECONDS to evaluate
what is going on?  And, it would not be the first time that 'law
enforcements' intended to bring in their suspect horizontally.  For
all we know, he was informed by someone saying something like "Hey,
guy, the BATF is coming like gangbusters, and they mean to WASTE you..."

According to the latest news, the released warrant (so we are told) said
the reason for this WW III raid was that Korash's group had spent around
$200,000.00 on firearms and related stuff (over an undetermined period).
Now, even assuming that the figure isn't calculated like the Feds do a
drug siezure, for 90 people, that isn't really all that much (you priced
decent guns lately?).  Hell, I can think of a person right now that probably
has that much for ONE INDIVIDUAL, mostly machineguns!!!  Sure, he is
an avid collector, but unless a new law has been passed, it is NOT illegal,
nor an indication of anything illegal, to have a lot of guns.  Also note
that the warrant had NOTHING TO SAY ABOUT MACHINE GUNS.  So, what
is the justification of this cowboy raid, other than a romp gone bad
for some anti-gun media hype, to support Clinton's push for disarming
the unconnected citizen of any and all effective defensive weapons?
This administration has only one thing in mind.  CONTROL.  PEOPLE CONTROL.
Whether it is gun control, Clinton Cripple Chip, National smart ID cards,
it all boils down to PEOPLE CONTROL.  Can you say 1984, only 10 years late?
I knew you could...  :-)

<laws, they would have been released as they had been before.  If this
<had happened and it turned out that the BATF had used too much force,
<then the BDs would have grounds for a law suit and for federal charges
<of civil rights violations (Sounds a lot like LA, huh?  Don't take that
<wrong, I'm not commenting one way or the other about the Rodney King
<case).  But that's not what they wanted.  They got tipped off that the
<BATF was on the way in, and rather than adopting a non-violent,
<non-threatening posture to greet the BATF, they decided to fight.

And BATF knew the BDs were expecting them (via 60 minutes report).  But
they decided they were so big, so bad, they would have a cakewalk at
the BDs expense, for a nice media show anyway.  But it all turned to
shit, and the FBI taking over to manage things, we see it all turned to
shit, too.  Clinton says 'I am taking full responsibility'...  BAH.
Responsibility means to take the repercussions if it goes wrong.  Bet
you NOBODY pays any serious repercussions.  'Responsibility' only has
meaning as media PR, or as a means to corner the average Joe Schmoe.
Figure it out... Clinton, Reno, the FBI and BATF, will all be IMMUNE.
Can you say WHITEWASH?

<I've said enough of this issue.  I'm probably not going to convince any
<of you folks and you're certainly not going to convince me.  I've got
<work to do.
<
<				++Don

Be VERY afraid of our government.  In the land of the free...
And if you decide all this is acceptable, get even MORE afraid... especially
when it is YOU they decide, for some reason, they dislike...
When they no longer feel the need to confine their cowboy tactics to
'kooks', or 'wierdos'...

-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55088
From: mlh@austin.ibm.com (Sewer Snake)
Subject: Re: BATF Acronym



	B urn
	A ll
	T he
	F uckers

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55089
From: pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C5sv88.HJy@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>In article <1r1j3n$4t@transfer.stratus.com> cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares) writes:
>>In article <1r19tp$5em@bigboote.WPI.EDU>, mfrhein@wpi.WPI.EDU (Michael Frederick Rhein) writes:
>>
>>> >napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.
>>>                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>>> As someone else has pointed out, why would the stove be in use on a warm day  
>>> in Texas. 
>>
>>Do YOU eat all your food cold?
>
>Ever hear of electric ovens or microwaves?  Very popular.
>Electric stoves outside metro-areas especially.


Not when the power has been cut off for weeks on end.  Any generators are
no doubt out of fuel, too.  So all they would have is wood stoves and
kerosene lanters (maybe).  It is alleged that the tanks pushing in the
walls knocked over the lanters, starting the fire.  Remember, the FBI
had bugs which they even used (illegally) to eavesdrop on private
conversations with the lawyers.  If a suicide order were given they
WOULD HAVE KNOWN IT IN TIME.  If the Feds had been concerned they would
have had emergency equipment ready.  Not an hour or so later, not
leaving the water THEY TURNED OFF, off.  They could have turned it back
on.  They just didn't wanna.  Scores to settle...


-- 
pat@rwing.uucp      [Without prejudice UCC 1-207]     (Pat Myrto) Seattle, WA
         If all else fails, try:       ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat
WISDOM: "Only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,
         and I am not sure about the former."              - Albert Einstien

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55091
From: wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf)
Subject: Re: Flames on the net about flames in Waco

In article <1993Apr22.173240.29129@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu> scasburn@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu (Steven M Casburn) writes:
>In article <C5vGME.GoA@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu> wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wa
>yne J. Warf) writes:
>>In article <C5v9Fv.Krt@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvin
>e) writes:
>>>
>>>If you won't believe anything the government says, and the press
>>>is not reliable according to the same logic, then what do you base
>>>your statements on?  Wild speculation laced with a healthy dose
>>>of paranoia?
>>
>>Are you a moron or just illiterate?
>> [...]
>>Oh, I forgot, you're the guy that doesn't know microwave oven need
>>electricity, never mind.
>
>     And you're the guy that doesn't know that illiterate people can't write 
>coherent sentences. Does that make you superior somehow?
>

Oh my god, I made a typo AND used the word "god". Come burn my house
down, I must deserve it.

>    Steve Casburn (scasburn@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu)
>    "Across the page / across the ages / the moving hand of history [pleads]
>     For a kinder eye to see us / not as we are / but as we dream"
>                                                  -- Mark King


-- 
 +   Wayne J. Warf -- WWARF@ucs.indiana.edu -- I speak for myself only   +
 |*Clinton*Gore*CIA*FBI*DEA*Assassinate*Bomb*WoD*BoR*ATF*IRS*Resist*NSA* |
 |*Christian*God*Satan*Apocalypse*ZOG*Nazi*Socialist*Communist*Explosive*|
 +*fundamentalist*revolution*NSC*Federal Reserve*Constitution*gold*FEMA* +

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55092
From: t-chipsw@microsoft.com (Chip Switzer)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <LARRY.93Apr21174441@peak.psl.nmsu.edu> larry@peak.psl.nmsu.edu wrote:
> >>>>> On 21 Apr 93 11:28:57 -0800, yodicet@gtewd.mtv.gtegsc.com said:
> 
> > Ah yes, I see a few liberal weenies have come out of the woodwork
> > to defend the burning of the children. Probably drooled all over themselves
> > while watching the TV coverage.
> > 
> > Probably had a few like that in Nazi Germany, as well.
> > 
> > Oh yeah, ATF/FBI now claims, according the the media, that there are
> > a few survivors. The number seems to vary minute by minute.
> > 
> > 
> > 
> yodicet>
> yodicet>
> yodicet>
> 
> Hmm. You don't say..
> 

 No, it appears he didn't. Well, I think he's on to something here. I
mean the post he responded to (not) did pretty much speak for itself.

-- 
Chip Switzer				"A witty saying proves nothing."
t-chipsw@microsoft.com 	 		        -Voltaire

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55093
From: meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers)
Subject: Re: H.R. 711

In article <C5qEpL.1nu@cbnews.cb.att.com> lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:
[Posting the text of H.R. 711 ...]
[ ... ]
>To amend title 18, United States Code, to ensure that handguns are available
>only to persons with demonstrated knowledge and skill in their safe use,
>maintenance, and storage.
[ ... ]
>8         "(1)(1)(A) An individual who is not licensed under
>9   this section may not possess a handgun on or after the
>10  date final regulations are prescribed pursuant to para-
>11  graph (2) unless the individual has been issued a handgun
>12  permit under paragraph (2).

Note that this is a "licensing bill," pretending to be a "training bill."
--------
Gridlock, the only mechanism ever to succeed in
slowing down the growth rate of Big Government.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55094
From: mac@cis.ksu.edu (Myron A. Calhoun)
Subject: Re: Medical Examiner Says No Evidence for Bullet Wounds EITHER WAY

dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung) writes:
>Apparently needing to clarify his comments from Thursday, Dr. Nizam
>Plawaby (spelling?), the Medical Examiner for Tarrant County, Texas,
>who has authority in the Waco deaths, stated that since no autopsies
>had been performed, there is no evidence for bullet wounds, or 
>evidence against bullet wounds.

>Janet Reno also stated that she had never been told of bullet wounds
>by anyone in the Justice Department.  

On the news from radio station KANU (Lawrence, KS) about 6:15 this Monday
morning, I heard someone with a nasal-sounding voice (supposedly the Waco
coroner?) claim that he had found TWO persons killed with a single shot
to the forehead.
--Myron.
-- 
# We preserve our freedoms using four boxes:  soap, ballot, jury, and cartridge.
# Myron A. Calhoun, PhD EE; Assoc. Professor  (913) 539-4448 home
# INTERNET: mac@cis.ksu.edu (129.130.10.5)          532-6350 work, 532-7353 fax
#     UUCP: ...rutgers!depot!mac     Packet-BBS: W0PBV @ K0VAY.#NEKS.KS.USA.NAOM

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55095
From: Shooting Club at ASU <GUNDEVIL@ASUACAD.BITNET>
Subject:    Children/Firearm, etc. Injury Articles Wanted



 One of our ASU students needs data and or a copy or an article regarding
 accidents, injury or death to "children" (articles which state the age
 limits of "children") relating to firearms for a sociology report.

 We have a copy of the long Edgar A. Suter, M.D. article and but we can't find
 the Paul Blackman (NRA) "expose'".

 Any articles (or sections thereof) which deal with comparisons over time,
 locations, age groups, other reasons for accidents, injury or death, with
 percentages would be welcome.

 Please send same to our I.D. and node.

 Thanks in advance !
 -Tom Crise


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55096
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: Gun Buy Back

In article <16BB8B194.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu> R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu writes:
> In article <1993Apr22.134330.9761@rti.rti.org>
> jbs@rti.rti.org writes:
>  
> >
> >In article <16BB7BA6A.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu> R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu  
writes:
> >>...Gun buyback programs will hopefully
> >>have an impact on accidental shootings (especially youths), domestic
> >>disputes where a gun is available in the heat of emotion and anger, and
> >>maybe keep a few guns from being stolen and later used in street-level
> >>crime.
> >
> >What gives you the idea that gun "buyback" programs will have an impact on
> >any of these things?  Evidence, please?
> >
> > Please don't misinterret  what I was saying Joe.  I was making the point  
tha
> there is NO evidence of effect of gun buyback programs but hopefully if
> there is any effect it may prevent injuries or deaths in one of these types
> of common incidents.
>  
> >If you're a "Research Associate" in "Urban Child Research," then perhaps
> >you can comment for us on the ratio of the accidental gun death rate to the
> >rate of accidental death from other single causes?  Follow that perhaps
> >with some sort of justification for the amount of effort that anti-gunners
> >spend trying to convince the country that accidental gun-related death
> >among children in the U.S. is a serious problem.
> >
>  Firearms are the fifth-leading cause of unintentional deaths among children
> ages 14 and under.  I don't understand how the ratio to other accidental
> deaths is important.  So guns don't kill as many children as car accidents.
> What is the difference in severity between 1,000 deaths and 10,000 deaths?
> I am not trying to use accidental gun-related deaths among children as a
> justification for gun control.  Who needs to be convinced that accidental
> gun deaths of children is a serious problem?  I assumed that any humane
> person would be concerned when any 10 year old got hold of their parents
> gun from their bedroom drawer and accidently blew away one of their friends.
>  

Any death is serious.  Wanna discuss match control?  Firearms related  
unintentional deaths among children ages 14 and under are the fault of one or  
more negligent persons, not the gun.

> >>More than anything, gun buyback programs are symbolic offerings to the
> >>community.  In that sense, I think they might do a little good.
> >
> >Please explain why you think "symbolic offerings" do good.
> >
>  My point was, gun buyback programs which are almost always run by police
> departments MIGHT (I stress might) do a LITTLE (I stress little) good by
> giving people the impression that the police are attempting to respond
> to interpersonal gun violence in a unique way.  Overall, I thought that I
> had made it clear that I did not think that gun buyback programs were
> useful.
>  

Providing false hope, then, is the intent?

>  
> >>I do know that the vast majority of guns that are used by youths or
> >>brought to school by youths on a daily basis (about 135,000 youths) are
> >>obtained easily and quickly, through a personal friend, or more often
> >>"borrowed" from a parent without their knowledge.
> >
> >I suggest you go back and look at wherever you saw these "statistics" - I
> >suspect you'll find if you look carefully that 135,000 is the number of
> >students *estimated* to have carried *a weapon* (not necessarily a gun)
> >to school at least once in the past year, and not the number of students
> >who carry a gun to school daily.
> >
>  Well Joe, I suggest that you talk to the Center to Prevent Handgun Violence
> or the Centers for Disease Control.  If YOU look carefully you will see
> that YOU greatly underestimate the presence of guns in the lives of youths.
> The CPHV reports that 135,000 youth bring GUNS to school DAILY and that
> 400,000 bring GUNS to school at least once a year.  The CDC estimates
> that 1 out 0f 25 high school students carried a gun to school at least once
> in 1990.  The CDC also says that 1.2 million elementary-aged, latch-key
> children (kids who come home from school to an empty house), have access
> to guns in their home.  California schools reported a 200% increase in
> student gun confiscations between 1986 and 1990, and a 40% increase between
> 1988 and 1990.  Florida reported a 61% percent increase in gun incidents in
> schools between 1986/87 amd 1987/88.  These are the "statistics".
>  

200% increase in California schools, eh?  Gun control is working fine, there!
>  
>  
> >>thus willing to follow a man who claimed to be the Messiah (Got news
> >>for you folks, if the Big Cheese was on this crazy planet of ours
> >>presently, he would NOT be carrying a gun or holding children when they
> >>were in danger).
> >
> >"Holding kids?"  Time for a reality check, son.  These kids were the
> >children of the people inside who believed that the forces of evil were
> >outside waiting to kill them.  Would you send *your* children out the door
> >if you believed as they did?
> >
>  Okay, maybe I worded it wrong...DAD.  I meant that to put children in a
> situation (fortified compound) where harm could come to them is not the
> act of a Messiah in my opinion.  I'm not saying that Koresh had control over
> these children directly, but I would hope that whatever Messiah there is
> would not let innocent children die.
> If as he claimed he was the Messiah and people followed him as such, why
> did he not tell their parents to free the children instead of letting them
> burn alive?  Thanks for the reality check Joe, its been real.
> 
So your religion is different.  Does that make it his wrong?  Even assuming  
Koresh actually made that decision, and the verdict is still out on that.

 
> Rodney

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55097
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

In article <1993Apr22.175410.23214@starbase.trincoll.edu>  () writes:
> "Freed om of Religion" has absolutely nothing to do with building a small
> arsenal and grooming 10-year old children to be your wife. "I'll come out
> as soon as I finish my manuscript on the Seven Seals." Oh, OK, David.
> 
> I agree that Koresh was as much of a victim as a perpetrator; this because
> he grew up inside the cult, and engaged in a power struggle where his
> supporters helped inflate his ego.
> 
> That doesn't change the fact that he was a loose fucking cannon with a
> shitload of serious weapons. Or that he was banging thirteen year olds and
> twisting their impressionable little minds.
> 
> This was no MOVE fuck-up. A helicoptor was thermal-imaging the compound
> that afternoon and detected three fires erupting almost simultaneously.
> There were no CS CANISTERS... a specially modified Abrams was pupming the
> stuff in. No chance of starting a fire there. Kerosene lamps? Maybe one,
> but not three fires. No way. Koresh wasn't just talking out of his ass. I
> expected this to happen.
> 
> Maybe they WANTED it to look like murder. He had 50+ days. I think this was
> coming the whole time. He didn't even put the children in the buried bus or
> the underground bunker during the CS seige. He put them up into the tower
> to die. Fuck all of you "Big Brother" paranoid freaks. The only good thing
> to come of any of this is that there will be one less group of crazoids to
> attract some of the more rootless members of our society.
> 
> joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

I have not made up my mind about Waco, but there sure seems to be a group of  
devoted government following fanatics willing to believe whatever that  
government wants to tell them, without any shred of doubt, nor thought of thier  
own.  They sure get shrill whenever their belief structure is being shaken.

Kinda reminds you of the BDs, doesn't it?

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55098
From: scatt@apg.andersen.com (Scott Cattanach)
Subject: Re: Nature of the Waco gas

cash@convex.com (Peter Cash) writes:

>In article <1r6170INNdlu@cronkite.Central.Sun.COM> dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM writes:
>>The reason given was that the use causes extreme nausea,
>>blindness, disorientation, total irrationality, raging paranoia.  
>>Children would be all the more susceptible, and show the results all the
>>earlier.  

>If we are indeed talking about CS, then this is not quite accurate. CS is
>"just" tear gas--albeit the worst kind. It isn't a nausea gas, and doesn't
>have direct CNS effects. However, it's quite bad--much worse than CN gas. I

Has anyone publically considered the possibility that the fires were set
for defence instead of suicide and the destruction and confusion caused
by the tanks and gas caused things to get out of the BDs control?

--
"Spending programs are now 'investments,' taxes are 'contributions,' and 
these are the same people who say _I_ need a dictionary?"  - Dan Quayle 2/19/93

My employer is not responsible for ANYTHING that may appear above.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55099
From: jhart@agora.rain.com (Jim Hart)
Subject: Cult practices of the FBI

Broadcasting amplified sounds of tortured rabbits?

Burning alive men, women, and children?

We have on our hands here some truly sick puppies.


Jim Hart
jhart@agora.rain.com
Arlen Specter for President in '96

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55101
From: jgd@dixie.com (John De Armond)
Subject: Re: Ammo in a fire (was Re: WACO burning)

bressler@iftccu.ca.boeing.com (Rick Bressler) writes:

>Small arms rounds set off outside of a firearm pose little risk except
>possibly eye injuries and minor wounds.  

True.

>Large concentrations of ammo,
>or 'magazines' (not the type you insert into your semi auto) probably
>pose a larger risk, but mostly from heat and flame.  (This is also
>covered in the above reference.)

No more risk than smaller stashes unless the stash is somehow confined so
the heat from early ignitions could somehow bulk-heat the remainder.

Two  years ago this month my house and office burned.  In my office was my
reloading bench.  On the top shelf next to the wooden ceiling was 
about 100 lbs of smokeless powder, 5 lbs of black powder, several thousand
primers and a couple thousand loaded rounds, primarily in .45ACP, .30-20
and .308.  The fire was extinguished before the area containing the 
reloading supplies were fully involved.  There was about 1/2" of char on
the joists, subsequently removed by sandblasting.  Lots of heat in other
words.

None of the powder kegs ignited.  One 1lb can of pistol powder ignited.
No explosion, as the can opened at the seam as it was designed to do.
The black powder cans were charred and got so hot the plastic lids
completely melted and ran down inside.  The smokless powder was
contained mostly in 8 lb cardboard or metal kegs.  The kegs were charred
badly enough that the paper labels burned completely off and in the case
of the metal cans, the plastic lids melted completely away.

Many of the rounds cooked off.  They were in close proximity to wood
on all sides so the effects were easy to observe.  In most cases with the
rifle ammo, the cartridge cases ruptured in the middle.  Many bullets were
found still in the neck.  Small shards of brass were lightly stuck into 
the wood.  Lightly enough that brushing them with a fingertip would usually
dislodge them.  Primers generally popped out of the primer pockets.
The .45ACP rounds that cooked off left empty cases and bullets laying around.
No dents were observed above the storage area, indicating the bullets
left the cases slowly enough not to be a hazard.

Ordinary small arms ammo is NOT a hazard when cooking off regardless
of what the FBI says.  

John

-- 
John De Armond, WD4OQC               |Interested in high performance mobility?  
Performance Engineering Magazine(TM) | Interested in high tech and computers? 
Marietta, Ga                         | Send ur snail-mail address to 
jgd@dixie.com                        | perform@dixie.com for a free sample mag
Lee Harvey Oswald: Where are ya when we need ya?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55102
From: jgd@dixie.com (John De Armond)
Subject: Re: The Truth about Waco 

dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung) writes:

[massive dan blather mercifully deleted.]

>>His last sentence says it all.  Who the hell ARE we (or the government)
>>to judge their religion as wrong.  This event, I hope, will be recorded
>>in history as the American Holocaust.  These people were murdered 
>>by the US government just as surely as the jews were by the Nazis.
>>I hang my head in shame for what I've allowed my government to become.

>I have NEVER judged them by their religion, but by their ACTIONS.

>If they had lived a quiet, religious life as they claimed, there would
>have been no raid, no siege, and no deaths.  Instead, they chose courses
>of action at every turn that were at the very least STUPID, if not
>IRRATIONAL.  The first was to stockpile weapons.  The second was to
>shoot federal agents.  The third was to stay inside.

Last time I checked, "amassing an arsenal" and practicing any kind of
religion were mentioned in passing in the Bill of Rights.  Guess it's
OK with you if we just brush 'em aside in order to justify killing
a bunch of religious nutcakes, eh?

Of all the idiots I run into in daily life, Dan, your type scare me the
most.  You'll accept expediency and a coward's safety over any belief
just as long as the government tells you to.  You assume that anyone who
doesn't comform to your beliefs and ways of thinking are wrong and
therefore bad.  Worse, you seem to accept without question what the
government says is wrong to be wrong.

David Koresh's religion was not mine but then again, neither are the baptists,
methodists, catholics or any of the rest of the corporate religions.  BUT
even though Koresh's, the Baptists, the methodists, etc, don't believe
the same way I do, I recognize that their religions are equally valid
to mine and more importantly are equally protected under the 1st Amendment.
You see, I'm not that much different than Koresh and I suspect many others
fit the same catagory.  I read the Bible many times and as I learned 
from it, I discovered that a lot of what corporate religions practice
just isn't justified by MY interpretation of the Bible.  Therefore I go
my own way.  So did Koresh.  And neither you nor I nor anyone else,
either individually or collectively as the great socialist "we" has ANY 
RIGHT WHATSOEVER to tell me or you or Koresh that our religions are wrong.

You seem to think that it would have been oh so easy for the Davidians to
just forsake everything they believed in and walk out of their compound
in order to "save themselves".  Think (if you're capable) for a moment
about some belief you hold dearest.  Would you abandon that belief if
suddenly told to do so by the government?  If you would do so you are
beneath contempt.  Let's assume you have a belief that you hold dear
enough to commit your life to.  Do you think it would be the correct
course of action for your government to initiate actions specifically
designed to force you to make that "forsake or die" decision?

The "forsake or die" option is exactly what the government forced on the
Davidians the day the first wave of black-clad stormtroopers fired that
first shot and tossed that first grenade.  The FBI clenched it on Day 51
when they sent in heavy armor against 80-some-odd men, women and
children holed up in a rickety old building and armed with small arms.  The
people who stayed, who held to their beliefs over personal safety, whose
individual personal honors demanded they die rather than submit, who
believed that the Bill of Rights meant exactly what it says, to those
people go my deepest respect, regardless of their religion.  People like
you who blithely blow off the murder of 80 people with "well they could
have come out" get my most scornful contempt.  I'd spit in your face
were there not a network between us.  You're not worth the ashes of
those people who burned.

John
-- 
John De Armond, WD4OQC               |Interested in high performance mobility?  
Performance Engineering Magazine(TM) | Interested in high tech and computers? 
Marietta, Ga                         | Send ur snail-mail address to 
jgd@dixie.com                        | perform@dixie.com for a free sample mag
Lee Harvey Oswald: Where are ya when we need ya?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55103
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: Who's next? Mormons and Jews?

In article 7205@dazixco.ingr.com, crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com (Ron Phillips) writes:
>In article <C5s5n0.DyJ@world.std.com>, rjk@world.std.com (Robert J. Kolker) writes:
>|> Thank you for remembering Matzada.  Matzada was not an insane act. It was
>|> a sanctification of G_D's name and the most extreme denial of tyranny
>|> possible. To this day the officers of the Tzahal (Isreal Defense Force)
>|> take their oath at the fortress. Lo Tepol Shaynit Matzadah. Matzadah will
>|> not fall again!
>|> 
>
>Not anymore!  Recent archaeological inspection of the site presents pretty
>compelling evidence that the "mass suicide" at Masada never occured.  This
>evidence was so compelling tha the Tzahal no long hold their secret ceremony
>at the fortress.
>
>
>-- 
>**************************************************************
>* Ron Phillips               crphilli@hound.dazixca.ingr.com *
>* Senior Customer Engineer                                   *
>* Intergraph Electronics                                     *
>* 381 East Evelyn Avenue               VOICE: (415) 691-6473 *
>* Mountain View, CA 94041              FAX:   (415) 691-0350 *
>**************************************************************


First I've heard of this... could yo please elaborate a little?



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55104
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: WACO: Clinton press conference, part 1

In article 3890@rpp386, jfh@rpp386 (John F. Haugh II) writes:
>In article <blake.70.735413837@nevada.edu> blake@nevada.edu (Rawlin Blake) writes:
>>I was hoping that Kent State taught us a lesson.
>>
>>Apparently not.
>>
>>Apparently the government will murder anyone they choose to still.
>
>That's right.  Despite claims that someone at Kent State fire a shotgun
>at the the soldiers, the only projectiles that anyone can prove where
>sent in the direction of the soldiers were rocks.
>-- 
>John F. Haugh II                  [ PGP 2.1 ] !'s: ...!cs.utexas.edu!rpp386!jfh
>Ma Bell: (512) 251-2151           [ DoF #17 ]        @'s: jfh@rpp386.cactus.org



No firearms were ever ever shot at the National Guard at Kent State.

At the time of the shooting, no rocks were being thrown at all.  The squad was
slowly proceeding up a knoll, away from the body of students.  Some students
were taunting them, and photographs of the incident show at most one or two
students who were following and taunting.

The series of photographs show the squad slowly proceeding up the hill, while
occasionally their NCO, .45 in hand turned back to look at where they came from.
All at once, as if on command, the entire squad turned and fired their M1
Garands, firing 30.06 rounds into the crowd (the NCO can be shown with this
45 at full recoil).  At least two of the students shot had nothing to do with
the taunters... they were only passing through, and were not participants in
the confrontation.

There is some dispute whether the Guard was even legally on Campus... apparently
they had not been invited onto the state school by the president, who had
conveniently flown the coop, so as not to be around.  The governor of Ohio,
James Rhodes, had just embarked on a senate campaign, and wanted it to be known
that he was tough on peaceniks, so had ordered the guard in.

The matter was quickly covered up.  Some years later, wounded survivors launched
a civil lawsuit against those responsible... a settlement was made, and under the
terms, the plaintiffs could not discuss much, and guilty individuals were not
identified (in fact, those shooters in the squad have been identified).

It was a tragic incident, but it was not provoked by the students, or apparently
by General DelCorso or any of his command.  From studying the incident & the 
photos, IMO it looks like it was an independent action by a small squad of soldiers.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55105
From: kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT)
Subject: Re: Blast them next time

From article <1r19l9$7dv@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>, by oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham):
> What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of
> had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the
> compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.

They did have the proper equipment.  The problem is that they went about
things the wrong way.  The ATF should have served the warrant in a
peacable manner instead of going in there like a bunch of Rambos with
guns blazing.  I'm not trying to excuse what David Koresh did.  I'm
just saying that the ATF (henceforth to be known as the cigarette cops :-)
went about the "raid" in an improper manner.

> The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored
> transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use
> more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to
> do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they
> must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.

Let the FBI, Customs, and local police officers do the ATF's job.  WE
DON'T NEED THEM ANYMORE!!!  The cigarette cops are just leftovers
from Prohibition days.  They are an anachronism!

> With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed
> more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is
> the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look
> at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country
> of ours.

Including you?  What if the cigarette cops kicked down your door and
cut you in half with a machine gun?  THIS COULD ACTUALLY HAPPEN.
Maybe they get the wrong address and then raid *your* home, for example.
It's happened before and it can happen *again*.  I have heard of more
than one instance of a no-knock raid going sour.  Just recently I
heard about a case in which police raided this guy's home because they
thought he had dope or something.  The guy blew both of the officers
away and he didn't go to jail for it.  The judge hearing the case
ruled that the man was acting in self-defense.

> With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with
> mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few
> women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn
> to death 51 days later.

Are you sure that that would have been the way to go?  Surely the FBI
and ATF could have handled this fiasco better.  They didn't have to
massacre all those people.  As Stimpy said in "Fake Dad", "Shame, shame,
double shame!"  The FBI and ATF should be ashamed of theirselves. 


Scott Kennedy,  Brewer and Patriot

Before:  "David Koresh is a cheap thug who interprets
          the Bible through the barrel of a gun..."  --ATF spokesman
After:   "[The ATF] is a cheap thug who interprets
          [the Constitution] through the barrel of a gun..."  --Me


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55106
From: kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

From article <93859@hydra.gatech.EDU>, by gs26@prism.gatech.EDU (Glenn R. Stone):
> In <2077@rwing.UUCP> pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto) writes:
> 
>>Anybody for impeachment?
> 
> Yeah, me.  Both the Slickmeister and Hillary's buddy Janet say
> they're responsible... I want both their resignations on my desk 
> yesterday.  I also want both thier butts up on federal civil rights
> violations.... something which carries life in prison as a penalty.
> 
> Oh, and I'll contribute $20 to Arlen Specter's presidential campaign
> for having the 'nads to launch the Senate investigation.

I second that motion wholeheartedly.  Also, how about s**tcanning the
cigarette cops (a.k.a. as the ATF).  Comments anyone?

> -- Glenn R. Stone (glenns@eas.gatech.edu)       ==================
> America in Distress                             ==================
> (flag upside down = SOS)                        *******===========
> Save your Republic before                       *******===========
> it no longer exists.                            *******===========


Scott Kennedy,  Brewer and Patriot

Before:  "David Koresh is a cheap thug who interprets
          the Bible through the barrel of a gun..."  --ATF spokesman
After:   "[The ATF] is a cheap thug who interprets
          [the Constitution] through the barrel of a gun..."  --Me


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55107
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: What to do if you shoot somebody

>Be as cooperative with the police as possible! Show them where you were.
>Repeat your information as often as requested. They will often ask you the
>same questions over and over to verify facts, and ,unfortunately, to see
>if your lying. Fill out all statements and show all required identification
>and weapon permits (BOOO! Down with registered citizens!Register your
 >politicians as deadly tax weapons needing to be confiscated!) If they are
>required in your state. Contact a lawyer immediately if they decide to
>

This would have to be a call.  You are not required to say anything until you
have a lawyer present, and not saying anything until such time is not to be
construed as derogatory to your cause.  Anything you DO say can later be used
against you.  You will be talking to the police, the same people who will be
gathering evidence for the prosecutor to use against you.  


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55108
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: Denver Post yanks 'Assault Ads'

In article 1rco2qINN91q@dns1.NMSU.Edu, loki@acca.nmsu.edu (Entropic Destroyer) writes:
>
>The Denver Post (supposed voice of the supposed Rocky Mountain Empire)
>ran the following in the 'Firearms, Supplies' classified heading on 
>Friday, 23 April 1993.  If you have an opinion about their new found
>wisdom, I am told that the person to speak with is one Mr. Walters,
>(303)820-1267.
>
>	Notice
>
>	The Denver Post will no longer 
>	knowingly accept any advertise-
>	ment to buy or sell assault weap-
>	ons.  The Denver Post finds that 
>	the use of assault weapons poses
>	a threat to the health, safety, and
>	security of its readers.
>
>Let 'em know what you think...
>
>--Dan
>--
>Spooksmoke: Revolution, Assasination, Thorium, Cobalt-60, Clintin, CIA, NSA, SHC
>  DoD #202 / loki@acca.nmsu.edu / liberty or death / taylordf@ucsu.colorado.edu 
>                 Send me something even YOU can't read...
>-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
>Version: 2.2
>
>mQCNAitfksQAAAEEAKceEjWI9f5KMJyKP0LOgC5dGHRpbMY2xhOo8kpEHMDyuf8a
>1BfDQSj53kosTz6HRoshSDzLVuL1/40vPjmMNtFR+vyZ4jvd3rL4iuq2umMmex3M
>itf3uLt8Xn/v/QAbsvhcFSHVJVK4Lf6wosuCMO03m2TiX31AI7VB0Uzo4yXjAAUX
>tCREYW5pZWwgRiBUYXlsb3IgPExva2lAYWNjYS5ubXN1LmVkdT4=
>=S5ib
>-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----



I've seen lots of notes like these in various newspaper classified sections.  But then
under Hunting or Sporting Goods or Outdoor or Collector's classifications, you
see things like, Colt AR15 .223 hunting rifle,  or Galil .223 sporting arm...
stuff like that.  The newspaper gets to make its editorial statement, plus they
get the revenue anyway... 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55109
From: kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

jdurbin@nl.oracle.com (Jason Durbin) writes:


>If even half the speculations of conspiracy made about this are
>true, then I would expect that you people should be calling for
>the ATF, FBI, Texas Rangers, Congress and all branches of the
>US government to be immediately and completey disbanded  --  no
>exceptions. 

>Jeez, do you people really beleive all this crap? Do you also beleive
>in the Zionist Occupation Government and the tooth fairy?


Jason - I've heard the people who are talking about this dismissed as
conspiracy nuts, but nobody seems to be talking about a conspiracy, at
least at the beginning.  There were a lot of bad decisions that went into
this tragedy, and some people may now be taking some serious evasive
action to avoid being held responsible for the unexpected results of
those bad decisions.  Actually, the only ones I see that are tied into
a conspiracy theory are the ones raving about deranged cultists with
stockpiles of weapons and suicide pacts.


>Admittedly mistakes were made but why attribute them to malice rather
>than stupidity?

I think there are a lot of us that have been following this pretty closely
from the beginning, and we woud probably agree that this tragedy was more
the result of stupidity than malice.






Jason Durbin
Oracle Europe

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55110
From: kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?

From article <1r0mhtINNa59@cronkite.Central.Sun.COM>, by dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard):
>>Does that include the right to murder little children?  How about killing
>>ATF officers?  I do not know much about the gun laws in Texas, but 
>>Koresh's folks claimed to have grenades, grenade launchers, and rocket
>>launchers.  I am not sure that the NRA feels that this falls under 
>>"right to bear arms."
>  
> If the waco wackos truly had grenade launchers and rocket launchers, why
> weren't they used against the armored vehicles that attacked their house?
> All the media stated was that small arms (ie, ineffective) fire was used
> against them.

I noticed that too.  Special agent (asshole actually) Ricks stated that
David Koresh had "explosives that could blow up an armored vehicle 40
feet into the air."  It looked like to me that the BDs had plenty of
opportunity to use these explosives---provided that they had them in the
first place.  For example, when one of the tanks was injecting CS gas
into the ranch house (yes ranch house; the BDs weren't living in a
fortress) they could have easily destroyed or disabled that tank because
it was idling there for a considerable length of time.  So, why didn't
they do this?  Could it be that they didn't have any explosives or
similar munitions?  I just don't buy what the ATF and FBI have been
saying.  Hopefully, the truth will come out.

Here's something noteworthy:  after the fire had been burning for some
time an explosion occurred---just *one* explosion.  The media said that
this was some of the explosives that the BDs posessed going off.  I
don't think this was the case.  My brother and I noticed that this
so-called "explosion" resembled a plume of propane gas being ignited.
We figure that this is what it was because of how the "explosion"
looked and sounded.  Obviously, it wasn't due to something like TNT,
dynamite, or C4.  I have seen a propane explosion before...the explosion
in the ranch house greatly resembled this.  Also, I noticed something
that looked like a propane tank in the charred ruble the next day.

Isn't it curious that the ATF wasn't very forthcoming about how the four
officers got killed?  Many weeks had gone by before they stated that
some of the officers had been killed and/or wounded by grenades thrown
by the BDs.  Earlier, when someone asked one of the spokespersons about
whether or not an autopsy had been performed on the slain agents, they
said that an autopsy had been done but THEY WEREN'T READY TO RELEASE
THE FINDINGS.  Now why is this?  Does the ATF have something to hide?
Perhaps those four agents were killed by friendly fire.  What is the
cause of death exactly?  NO ONE HAS EVER SAID WHAT IT IS.

What is certain is this:  ATF agents *did* throw grenades into the
compound.  As a matter of fact, Mr. Koresh handed his lawyer a grenade
body during one of the lawyer's visits to the compound.  Later on
the lawyer gave the grenade body (I don't know if it was a dud or a
spent one btw) to the ATF.  How much do you want to bet that this
grenade will mysteriously disappear?  At this point in time the only
people we know who had grenades was the ATF agents.  Wouldn't it be
a shocker if the no one ever found any evidence of grenades, rockets,
or explosives in the rubble?  The ATF would sure have egg on their
face then.  Note that the ATF is doing the *initial* sweep of the
rubble.  The FBI and the Texas Rangers won't investigate until the
ATF is done.  This looks like a perfect opportunity for the ATF to
make sure that others "find" what they want for them to "find" if
you know what I mean.  I'm probably being a little paranoid here
but if I am I have could reason to be.  Recall that several weeks
had gone by before anyone said that the BDs had used grenades.
Also recall that early on the ATF had *denied* that their agents
used grenades on the BDs.  Someone is lying here.


Scott Kennedy,  Brewer and Patriot

Before:  "David Koresh is a cheap thug who interprets
          the Bible through the barrel of a gun..."  --ATF spokesman
After:   "[The ATF] is a cheap thug who interprets
          [the Constitution] through the barrel of a gun..."  --Me


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55111
From: dlb5404@tamuts.tamu.edu (Daryl Biberdorf)
Subject: TEXAS HB 1776 - VOTING IS TODAY

I just called Texas' legislative bill tracking service and found out
that HB 1776 (Concealed Carry) is scheduled for a floor vote TODAY!
Let those phone calls roll in.

Daryl

             Daryl Biberdorf  N5GJM    d-biberdorf@tamu.edu
               + Sola Gratia + Sola Fide + Sola Scriptura

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55112
From: R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks

In article <1993Apr22.175410.23214@starbase.trincoll.edu>
() writes:
 
>
>"Freed om of Religion" has absolutely nothing to do with building a small
>arsenal and grooming 10-year old children to be your wife. "I'll come out
>as soon as I finish my manuscript on the Seven Seals." Oh, OK, David.
>
>I agree that Koresh was as much of a victim as a perpetrator; this because
>he grew up inside the cult, and engaged in a power struggle where his
>supporters helped inflate his ego.
>
>That doesn't change the fact that he was a loose fucking cannon with a
>shitload of serious weapons. Or that he was banging thirteen year olds and
>twisting their impressionable little minds.
>
>This was no MOVE fuck-up. A helicoptor was thermal-imaging the compound
>that afternoon and detected three fires erupting almost simultaneously.
>There were no CS CANISTERS... a specially modified Abrams was pupming the
>stuff in. No chance of starting a fire there. Kerosene lamps? Maybe one,
>but not three fires. No way. Koresh wasn't just talking out of his ass. I
>expected this to happen.
>
>Maybe they WANTED it to look like murder. He had 50+ days. I think this was
>coming the whole time. He didn't even put the children in the buried bus or
>the underground bunker during the CS seige. He put them up into the tower
>to die. Fuck all of you "Big Brother" paranoid freaks. The only good thing
>to come of any of this is that there will be one less group of crazoids to
>attract some of the more rootless members of our society.
>
  I'd have to agree with you there Joe.
 
Rodney Thomas

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55113
From: mjp1@roger.gte.com (Michael Procanik)
Subject: MA Senate Bills. HELP!


Two URGENT requests:

1. I need the latest update and description of MA bill S-897.  From
   what I gather this bill takes the Hunter Safety Courses from
   Law Enforcement and places them under Fish & Game control.

2. Has someone out there compiled a list of all MA Senate & House
   Bills under consideration?  If they have, please e-mail me
   the list.  If not, is there a database I can access?

	Thanx,
		Yours in the fight,
		Mike P.

P.S. My wife and I thought Nancy B. was great on Street Stories.

-- 
             Mike Procanik (617) 466-4126 mjp1@gte.com
                     *** I'm the NRA ***
 GTE Laboratories Incorporated, 40 Sylvan Road Waltham, MA 02154

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55114
From: dlb5404@tamuts.tamu.edu (Daryl Biberdorf)
Subject: Re: TEXAS HB 1776 - VOTING IS TODAY

In article <1rgolaINNqjf@tamsun.tamu.edu> dlb5404@tamuts.tamu.edu (Daryl Biberdorf) writes:
>I just called Texas' legislative bill tracking service and found out
>that HB 1776 (Concealed Carry) is scheduled for a floor vote TODAY!
>Let those phone calls roll in.

Well, I don't normally like to quote myself, but I just got some
additional information.  I called my state rep (to express my support),
and the person there informed me that it's actually just a second
reading of the bill (three are required) for further consideration.
I'm not 100% sure what *that* means, and I'm also not sure why
there's a discrepancy between what the two offices are telling me.

Still researching....

Daryl

             Daryl Biberdorf  N5GJM    d-biberdorf@tamu.edu
               + Sola Gratia + Sola Fide + Sola Scriptura

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55115
From: aj359@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Christopher C. Morton)
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI Murders Almost Everyone in Waco Today! 4/19


In a previous article, rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat) says:

>
>|>>This is about the third person who's parroted the FBI's line about the
>|>>fires being set "six hours after the tear gas was injected."  Suppose you
>
>|How would the Fed snipers have been able to witness the BDs setting the
>|fire (as is claimed) through all that tear gas?
>
>I actually heard one report which claimed that infrared cameras saw
>the Branch Dividians setting the fires... now, you'll have to excuse

Yeah sure.  Maybe thermal GUNSIGHTS on the armored vehicles.  When
discussing military hardware and weapons, the media generally looks like
a ufology convention.

>my scepticism, but I find it quite strange that ANYONE would be operating
>a thermal viewer during a daytime battle. It would be unusual in the
>sense that the Federales combat operation - gassing the BD with "CS2,"
>whatever that is (Is this the infamous "BZ" hallucination gas?), from

CS is merely the garden variety military teargas.  As far as it being
"humane and harmless", I've seen teenage boys knock 200lb. drill
sergeants flat getting away from it....

>I am pretty sure that newly-born religious groups will study these
>FBI tactics and build anti-armor barricades and tank traps to make
>"Next Time!" a lot bloodier for the Federales...
>
What do you expect when idiots and criminals confirm paranoids in their
paranoia...?

-- 
*************************************************************************
If you were smarter, you'd have these opinions....
*******************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55116
From: eesnyder@boulder.Colorado.EDU (Eric E. Snyder)
Subject: Denver Post Classifieds: No assault weapons



I came across the following notice in the Denver Post classified secction
this morning (April 26, 1993):

\begin{quote}

NOTICE:

The Denver Post will no longer knowingly accept any advertisement to buy
or sell assault weapons.  The Denver Post finds that the use of assault
weapons poses a threat to the health, safety, and security of its readers.

\end{quote}

Now I suppose the Post is within its rights to refuse such ads.  However,
the second sentence is so noxious, I feel compelled to bring it to the 
attention of the t.p.g/c.g readership.  

I called the Post classified number (825-2525) and expressed my displeasure. 
According to the supervisor I spoke to, the Post was reacting to public
complaints regarding the running of assult weapon ads.  However, she said
the paper was keeping track of the reaction to the change in policy.  I 
strongly encourage Denver Post readers to call and make their feelings known.

Eric E. Snyder                            
Department of MCD Biology              ...making feet for childrens' shoes.
University of Colorado, Boulder   
Boulder, Colorado 80309-0347

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55117
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Re: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks


|This was no MOVE fuck-up. A helicoptor was thermal-imaging the compound
|that afternoon and detected three fires erupting almost simultaneously.

Did anyone notice any helicopters equipped with thermal imaging 
equipment? They usually manifest themselves in a turret in the front
of the helo, or a sphere on top of the rotor with optical elements.

I didn't notice any UH-1s or other helos equipped as such. Did they
use handheld military thermal scanners? If so, there is no recording
capability, and hence the credibility of the report is subject to
human error.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55118
From: jagst18+@pitt.edu (Josh A Grossman)
Subject: Re: WACO burning

In article <C5v9Du.D76@acsu.buffalo.edu> v111qheg@ubvmsd.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION) writes:
>Not necessarily. If the body had been denatured (cooked) or dehydrated due
>to the heat, a projectile needs only a minimal kinetic force to penetrate.
>In fire aftermaths, bodies tend to fall apart or loose large chunks of
>meat with little effort. Medical Examiners tend not to like cleaning up
>such scenes. 
>
>As such, if the body had been suitably cooked, a bullet comming from a
>magazine explosion would more than likely have enough force to enter and
>thus it would be difficult to determine whether a bullet entered at the
>time of death, or much later, unless you were trained to look for the
>evidence. Texas Rangers are not pathologists. 
>
>P.Vasilion

This is quite corect, but a bullet hitting a burned body with little energy
will show virtually no deformation, ie a hollow point probably would not
expand, an FMJ would be "pristene".  Also the bullets will not be marked
with the lands ang grooves of a barrel, because they didn't come out of
one.  A good pathologist should be able to notice this right away.

Let us hope that the  ME's that handle these bodies are more competent
then the ones who did JFK's body.

JAG


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55119
From: aj359@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Christopher C. Morton)
Subject: Re: Nature of the Waco gas


In a previous article, dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard) says:

>Just heard on the network radio news a spokesman from the
>army saying that the type of CS gas used in Waco had been
>banned from military use.  Its use is also banned by a
>draft international agreement on the use of chemical
>weapons in warfare.
>
>The reason given was that the use causes extreme nausea,
>blindness, disorientation, total irrationality, raging paranoia.  

I don't know about the paranoia and irrationality, but the rest is
pretty close, all though you left out the inability to breath.  Of
course you can make a claim that people will do some fairly deranged
things to get away from it.  I've seen teenagers flatten 200lb. drill
sergeants to get out of tents full of it.  Which raises another
issue....

>Children would be all the more susceptible, and show the results all the
>earlier.  
>
>This is the stuff Janet Reno was told would be safe for children.

What they didn't mention is that IN THE OPEN, it probably wouldn't do
TOO MUCH harm to children, although I wouldn't use it in close proximity
to infants.  On the other hand, IN CONFINED spaces, the effects are
GREATLY intensified, to the point of LETHALITY, since a sufficient
quantity of CS will displace OXYGEN.  When running a CS chamber CAREFUL
attention is paid to ventilation.  I wonder if they checked to see if
any of the BDs were asthmatics or suffered from other respiratory
diseases.  I doubt it.

-- 
*************************************************************************
If you were smarter, you'd have these opinions....
*******************************************************************************

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55120
From: SBANKA@VM.TEMPLE.EDU
Subject: Two Questions

I'd appreciate any help anyone could give me on these two questions:
 
The Brady Bill was in the news throughout 1992 but what actually happened to
it in Congress?  Did Bush veto it?  If so, when?
 
Also, the state of Virginia, I believe, just passed a gun control bill on
Febrauary 25 of this year.  I think it limits gun purchases to one a month -
is this correct?  What was the bill number?
 
Anyone?

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55121
From: jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu
Subject: BATF & FBI Do Right Thing in Waco

Everyone is complaining about the debacle in Waco. It is hard to 
understand all this angst. What happend there is nothing less than
what we wanted to happen. Why all the sour grapes ?

BATF was looking for a propaganda event to counteract their impending
budget cuts ... the attendance of the press at the initial big
commando raid is proof. It would have been ever so easier to grab
Koresh and his central followers as they shopped in Waco. Alas, no
propaganda value there. 

The FBI screwed-up big time, all the time. They should have never allowed
the situation to drag out like that. A quick second assault, before the
BDs could decide on a strategy, would have been the better plan. 

The BDs themselves were the biggest screw-ups though. They imagined
that US law and US law-enforcement had no jurisdiction within their
little 'country'. WRONG ! They had no right whatsoever to fire on
the BATF, and if they mistook their identity initially, they should
have surrendered at once when they did realize who they were. If the
BDs had a problem with the warrants, they take it to court, just like
the rest of us. If they wanted full-auto weapons, they could have
obtained the proper permits, just like the rest of us would need to
do. What they may NOT do is decide for themselves what US law applies
to themselves and which does not. They get their chance like the rest
of us - at the voting booth. 

If the BATF and FBI have become latter-day Gestapo, then they have
become that way because WE have desired them to be so. We get to
vote on laws, and on the lawmakers. By our choices over the years,
we have approved the creation and form of the BATF and FBI. When
the FBI was out chasing 'pinkos', the general public didn't seem
to mind a bit of extra-constitutional activity. When the BATF is
raiding militant black organizations, we don't mind the heavy hand.
When the FBI is dicking around with the rights of potheads, the
public doesn't mind. Suddenly, when we see a bit of ourselves in
the current 'enemy' choosen by these agencies, we get all bent out
of shape. SUPRISE ! You reap what you sow.

Waco was an encapsulation of the All-American experience - religious
fanaticism, militaristic thinking and overwhelming violence. Don't
blame it on 'them', the FBI and BATF. They were just acting within
the parameters we have set over the years. We made 'them'. We ARE 'them'.

-- Jim Mason 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55122
From: jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu
Subject: Re: BATF/FBI revenge

In article <2077@rwing.UUCP>, pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto) writes:
> I am sick, dismayed, discouraged.  And ASHAMED of our Administration.
> 
> It looks like the US now has their own little Tienamen Square.  The
> FBI is portraying Korash as a psychopath, doing a deliberate mass suicide,
> etc.  Possibly.  Possibly not.  I don't believe that the tear gas used
> [...]
> God Bless America - Land of the Free!!!  (past tense).
> 
> Well, maybe I AM overreacting.  But I see on the TV as I am typing where
> govt spoksewoman (the new attorney general, known to be almost rabid
> about private ownership of guns - wants to ban 'assault guns' and just
> about everything else), is saying the FBI had "amazing restraint", then
> falls back into the official goverenment line about how the BD were
> guity of child abuse, and were into it in an on-going basis, and so on.
> [...]
> Am I having a vain hope that an honest investigation will occur on this
> thing?  Or will it simply be whitewashed under the rug, and Business
> as Usual will continue to be the Order of the Day in the New Order?
> Who will be given the official title of "Thought Police", I wonder...?

	What a load of crap ! The BDs had absolutely NO RIGHT to fire
	upon the BATF agents. If they didn't know who they were at
	first, then they should have surrendered immediately when they
	did realize who they were dealing with. Little groups of loonies
	do not get to decide just what laws they will obey or disobey
	or what sorts of warrants are justified. Like the rest of us,
	they get their say at the voting booth and if their personal
	wants are not backed by the majority of voters, then too bad.
	If they wanted to keep automatic weapons, then they could apply
	for the proper permits. If they had a problem with the warrant
	then they get to argue that in court. In no event do they get
	to establish their own little nation inside our own and pretend
	that our laws and law-enforcement personel have no jurisdiction
	within their borders. You live on US territory, you live by
	US laws - period. (unless you are a congressman)

	Sure, the situation was handled badly by both the BATF and
	the FBI. It would have been all so easy to detain Koresh and
	his core members while they were out in the streets of Waco.
	The BATF, threatened with budget cuts, was trying for a
	propaganda coup ... and dragging the press along for the big
	commando-style assault is proof of that. They should be
	roasted for both their imcompetance and their mindset. On the
	other hand, they DID have the legal right to do what they did.
	Once the attack was begun, they should have pressed on and
	finished it rather than let an interminable situation like that
	take root. 

	The FBI also used poor judgement in a number of ways - but again,
	the laws we voters have approved, or the lawmakers who created
	them, gave them the right to do what they did. If BATF and
	the FBI are latter-day Gestapo, it is because the voters have
	allowed them to become that way. Waco was pure Americana -
	militarist mentality, religious fanaticism and unadulterated
	violence all rolled into one experience. We get what we pay
	for, or vote for, and this was the result of many choices
	we have made over the years. Don't blame 'them' - blame 
	ourselves. We made 'them', we ARE 'them'. 

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55123
From: f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu
Subject: Re: Arlen Specter's address?

In article <1993Apr22.142540.20687@icd.ab.com>, kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead) writes:
> Anybody got Arlen Spectre's address?  I want to write to him and thank him
> for showing the leadership to demand a Congressional investigation
> into the Waco mess.
> 
> Ken

	You are talking about the man who as a federal attorney did so
much to frustrate the proper investigation of the JFK assassination by
the House sub-committee on assassinations.  Fox and hen house???


*   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 Joe Gaut                    |   In the super-state, it really does not
 <f_gautjw@ccsvax.sfasu.edu> |   matter at all what actually happened.
     Remember the Alamo      |   Truth is what the government chooses to 
       Remember Waco         |   tell you.  Justice is what it wants to happen.
                                        --Jim Garrison, New Orleans, La.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55124
From: meyers@leonardo.rtp.dg.com (Bill Meyers)
Subject: Re: H.R. 893

In article <C5qEqv.1px@cbnews.cb.att.com> lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:
[Posting the text of H.R. 893 ...]
[ ... ]
>8         "(s)(1)(A) It shall be unlawful for any person to pos-
>9   sess an assault weapon, unless the weapon was lawfully
[page break]
>1   and continuously possessed by the person since before the 
>2   date of the enactment of this subsection.

OB ill-wind-and-all-that:  with Bill the Prez in there, at least the
anti-gunners are out of the closet.  The provision that any existing
so-called "assault weapons" die with their current owners was worked
into H.R. 3371 (102nd Congress bill number) a couple of years ago,
in a complicated way that the anti's claimed was a "drafting error."

Can't call 'em "lying bastards" any longer.  (Not all the time ...  :-)
--------
Gridlock, the only mechanism ever to succeed in
slowing down the growth rate of Big Government.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55125
From: kdw@icd.ab.com (Kenneth D. Whitehead)
Subject:  Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

[snip]....

draughn@iitmax.iit.edu (Mark Draughn) writes:


>The President is not competent to plan or judge the planning of such a
>raid, nor does he need to be.  His job is to set basic policies and
>manage the people under him.  If Clinton instructed Reno to preserve
>lives, and if she confirmed that the plan for the raid was a safe as
>could be, then he did his job.  The President should not involve
>himself in the minor details of these kinds of operations.  This sort
>of micromanagement only leads to disaster, as was demonstrated so well
>in Vietnam.

>But the raid went bad:  Over 80 civilians have been killed in a
>controntation with U.S. authorities.

>NOW Clinton enters the picture in a big way.  Will Clinton start an
>investigation?  Or will he try to squash any attempt to investigate?
>Is he a responsible leader?  Or is he only interested in protecting
>the image of his administration?

>We'll all find out as this unfolds.


	Excellent point, Mark.  We should all remember that if Nixon
	hadn't tried to cover up the misguided actions of some of his
	subordinates in the Watergate burglary, the scandal would
	never have brought down his presidency.  So far, Klinton seems
	to be stonewalling this the same way Tricky Dick did.  His whole
	case seems to be "we didn't do anything wrong".  However, if
	in the course of the investigation it turns out that the
	gov't DID do something wrong, and he tried to cover it up,
	then that's an impeachable crime, I believe...  

	Perhaps he is inadvertently cooking up his own scandal...  Can you 
	say "Wacogate", little neighbor?...   ;-)



  *************************************************************************
 *   Ya know, this being part of the "loyal opposition" is kinda fun for   *
 *   a change.  I sure am glad I get to bitch about Clinton rather than    *
 *   having to be one of those poor saps stuck trying to defend him.  I    *
 *   wonder how Michael Kinsley likes being part of the Establishment? :)  * 
  *************************************************************************
Ken Whitehead (kdw@odin.icd.ab.com)

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55126
From: wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf)
Subject: Re: WACO burning

In article <9753@blue.cis.pitt.edu> jagst18+@pitt.edu (Josh A Grossman) writes:
>In article <C5v9Du.D76@acsu.buffalo.edu> v111qheg@ubvmsd.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION) writes:
>>Not necessarily. If the body had been denatured (cooked) or dehydrated due
>>to the heat, a projectile needs only a minimal kinetic force to penetrate.
>>In fire aftermaths, bodies tend to fall apart or loose large chunks of
>>meat with little effort. Medical Examiners tend not to like cleaning up
>>such scenes. 
>>
>>As such, if the body had been suitably cooked, a bullet comming from a
>>magazine explosion would more than likely have enough force to enter and
>>thus it would be difficult to determine whether a bullet entered at the
>>time of death, or much later, unless you were trained to look for the
>>evidence. Texas Rangers are not pathologists. 
>>
>>P.Vasilion
>
>This is quite corect, but a bullet hitting a burned body with little energy
>will show virtually no deformation, ie a hollow point probably would not
>expand, an FMJ would be "pristene".  Also the bullets will not be marked
>with the lands ang grooves of a barrel, because they didn't come out of
>one.  A good pathologist should be able to notice this right away.
>
>Let us hope that the  ME's that handle these bodies are more competent
>then the ones who did JFK's body.
>
>JAG
>
Speaking of ME's. The FBI said the fire victims were found face-up
<fire victims, apparently, are usually found face down> 
suggesting they died prior to the fire. The ME says, in a word,
BULLSHIT, the victims WERE face down. The FBI says they sent a body
of a victim that was shot, supposedly by BD guards, the ME
says, in a word, BULLSHIT, the body showed NO evidence of gunshot
wounds. Can the ATF/FBI tell the difference between CYA and truth?



-- 
 +   Wayne J. Warf -- WWARF@ucs.indiana.edu -- I speak for myself only   +
 |*Clinton*Gore*CIA*FBI*DEA*Assassinate*Bomb*WoD*BoR*ATF*IRS*Resist*NSA* |
 |*Christian*God*Satan*Apocalypse*ZOG*Nazi*Socialist*Communist*Explosive*|
 +*fundamentalist*revolution*NSC*Federal Reserve*Constitution*gold*FEMA* +

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55231
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1993Apr23.034910.23729@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>,
andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:

[many lines deleted]
>>subject.  It is kind of funny though how you were the only one who picked up
>>the part about my sister being a social worker and keeping me up to date on  e
>th
>>gang thing.  Everyone else seemed to just skim by that part.
>
>Actually, those of us who have experience with social workers pointedly
>ignored it.

Ah, here Freeman is being prejudiced (look it up and see what I mean Freeman).
Here Freeman is pre-judging someone before he knows all of the facts.  Guess
it can happen to the best (and in his case the worst) of us.

>
>Quit while you're behind,
>-andy
>--
Freeman thinks I am behind when actually I am quite on top of things.  The
point he seems to be missing now is that after a certain point accuracy can be
very tedious and ridiculous.  See Freeman's next post for an explanation.


Jason - u28037@uicvm.cc.uic.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55232
From: djh4484@zeus.tamu.edu (HARTY, DANIEL JOSEPH)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <1993Apr16.010235.14225@mtu.edu>, cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter) writes...
>In article <C5Bu9M.2K7@ulowell.ulowell.edu>
>jrutledg@cs.ulowell.edu (John Lawrence Rutledge) wrote:
> 
>> In article <1q96tpINNpcn@gap.caltech.edu> arc@cco.caltech.edu
>> (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:>> >The Second Amendment is a guarantee of the right to bear arms.  Clearly
>> >and unequivocally, without infringement.

   I saw this nifty drawn out posting and I thought I might give the two of you
   a little help with your problem. As you both know what you posted,(and this 
   foolish thing gave me so much shit last time I tried to post) I took the 
   liberty of deleting all but the header and a single quote. I hope you don't
   mind.

   As written the second ammendment states rather clearly for anyone who can
   read the following:

 "  A well regulated militia, being necessarry to the security of a free state,
   the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."

  What is regulated? Regulated means "controlled"! How about security?
  Well hey! That would be along the lines of being and feeling safe wouldn't
  it? Wow! We have a concept forming here don't we!? Now what have we left?
  "the right of the people people people people people people people (sorry
  got kinda hungup there) shall NOT be infringed" Oops! Backup there,hmmm..
  "infringed"....That'd be like Interfered with, altered, changed or
  watered down in any way,shape or form! So! What we have here in it's big old
  long winded version would be.

  " A well controlled militia, being necessary to the secure/safe feeling of
  state, the right of the PEOPLE to keep and bear arms shall not be Fucked
  with in any way shape or form by some happy ass good for nothing in 
  some piddly government building who wants to run my life in the pursuit of
  his happiness!" The item is clear and concise in it's present form my young 
  friend! It does not need my clarification or that of any other. THIS IS
  ONLY AMMENDMENT which guarantees the continued existence of the others.
  It's whole purpose is to give people recourse against the military machine
  of a government which fails to properly represent it's creators!US!

>    James Madison, Federalist Paper 41 (regarding the "General
>    Welfare" clause): "Nothing is more natural nor common than first
>    to use a general phrase, and then to explain and qualify it by a
>    recital of particulars."


ANY REPLIES OR COMMENTS CAN BE SENT TOO KANE.    DJH4484@RIGEL.TAMU.EDU

"No representative government need fear it's armed citizens"

"Death to Tyrants!"

"The only thing we have to fear......Is Me!"


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55233
From: wwarf@silver.ucs.indiana.edu (Wayne J. Warf)
Subject: Re: Your Evil Tax Dollars at Work, was RE: ATF BURNS RANCH ETC ETC...

In article <93112.230800MBS110@psuvm.psu.edu> Mark 'Mark' Sachs <MBS110@psuvm.psu.edu> writes:
>In article <93112.153005MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU>,
><MGB@SLACVM.SLAC.STANFORD.EDU> says:
>>From A.P. :  According to numerous accounts by those in the compound,
>>the fire was started by an armoured vehicle crushing a large propane
>>tank, and turning over numerous gas lanterns.
>
>Oh? Then why did the smoke and flames start from three different places?
>In particular, three different places where there were no APV's?
>
And just where is the evidence for this? FBI sayso. The Texas Medical
Examiner refuted 2 of their lies today.


>And if the government did start the fire, then why weren't people trying
>to get out of the compound?

Let me put you in a building, pump in CS, knock the walls down around
you and see how fast you find an exit.

>And besides... oh, I don't know why I'm even bothering.
>
I don't know why either, you're willing to swallow everything fed you.
Good boy.

>>I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem willing to accept
>>the governments story, despite much evidence to the contrary.
>
>I find it tremendously chilling that so many people seem eager to believe
>a murderous, heavily-armed religious cult, despite much evidence to the
>contrary. Thought Experiment: Suppose this exact same thing happened under
>the Bush administration. What would your answer be then? Would you still
>prefer to believe the cultists?

Oh a Clinton apologist, why didn't you *say* so.

>(No, I don't really expect a response to that challenge.)
>
>>But then
>>again, that is how Mr. Clinton was elected, by people who believe that
>>his campaign promisses would be respected by him once he got into office.
>
>Um, isn't that how all politicians are elected?
>
>>If people will believe that of any politican, it is little wonder they
>>will believe all of the factoids being given out as fact by the
>>Clinton/Reno/FBI/BATF confederation.
>
>So is there any particular reason the gummint decided to slaughter eighty
>people? Are they, like, just plain evil, or what? Did they just wake up
>one day, stretch and yawn, and throw a dart at a map of the United States
>to figure out who to oppress that day? I'm eager to know.

The kgBATF was expecting a quick victory while the cameras rolled,
however, they were the only ones with a script.

>And does Bill Clinton have cooler theme music than Darth Vader? How is he
>on diabolical laughter? Does he look good in a cape? These things MUST be
>investigated. You first.

Hey, you're the apologist, *you* tell us.

>   "...so I propose that we destroy the moon, neatly solving that problem."
>[Your blood pressure just went up.]        Mark Sachs IS: mbs110@psuvm.psu.edu
>   DISCLAIMER: If PSU knew I had opinions, they'd try to charge me for them.


-- 
 +   Wayne J. Warf -- WWARF@ucs.indiana.edu -- I speak for myself only   +
 |*Clinton*Gore*CIA*FBI*DEA*Assassinate*Bomb*WoD*BoR*ATF*IRS*Resist*NSA* |
 |*Christian*God*Satan*Apocalypse*ZOG*Nazi*Socialist*Communist*Explosive*|
 +*fundamentalist*revolution*NSC*Federal Reserve*Constitution*gold*FEMA* +

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55234
From: Jason Kratz <U28037@uicvm.uic.edu>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card

In article <1993Apr23.044544.24559@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>,
andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) says:

This is where Freeman's love of accuracy becomes really ridiculous.
>
>Good - now let's look at those sections.  They'll prove my point.

[his point was that it is possible under certain circumstances for many people
to carry concealed in Illinois]
>
>>     (a)  A person commits the offense of unlawful use of weapons when he
>>knowingly:
>>
>>(4)  Carries or possesses in any vehicle or CONCEALED on or about his person
>>     except when on his land or in his own abode or fixed place of business
>>     any pistol, revolver, stun gun or taser or other firearm;
>
>Note that this doesn't affect all concealed carry.  (Look after the
>word "except".)  It always helps to read the law before commenting on
>it.
>
I did read the law before I commented on it.  Judging from replies I received
about my "Semantics on t.p.g" post many (if not most) people here on t.p.g
assume that when CCW laws are asked about the person is asking about the
possibility of an ordinary citizen getting one.  It would also follow that said
person would get the CCW to carry on his/her person away from their home and/or
business.



>Would a prudent storekeeper carry concealed?  How about someone at
>home?  Note that both are legal, and a lot of "common" people qualify
>for one or the other.
>
>-andy
>--

Maybe Freeman did prove his point but his point is not relevant.  The thing
that most people seem to care about when they ask questions about carrying
a concealed weapon is whether or not they can carry it concealed on their
person when they are out on the street somewhere.  I'm sure that not many
people are concerned with whether or not they can carry concealed at home.
Speaking as someone who lives in Illinois (the only place where the above
quoted law is relevant :-)) I know that it is legal to own a handgun here (I
am not taking into account city ordinances).  I could care less about whether
or not I can carry concealed at home.         I only care about the fact that
I can't carry concealed in the place where it really counts- out on the street.
Freeman loves to be accurate and I can understand that (especially not) but he
seems to be forgetting that accurate facts don't always replace common sense.
I am not going to followup to this thread anymore because I believe that it is
useless to argue these points anymore.  The only thing that is happening now
is that Freeman and I are "running around in circles" trying to prove each
other wrong and I do not have the time to be playing games anymore.  Of course
now Freeman will attack me about my use of common sense in some of my earlier
posts but what can I do.  My only advice for Freeman - quit being so picky
about accuracy sometimes and use your common sense; it really does work some-
times.

Jason - u28037@uicvm.cc.uic.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55235
From: atfurman@cup.portal.com (A T Furman)
Subject: Re: The LAW of RETRIBUTION

Steve Hix writes:

>Is there NOWHERE on the net that this guy WILL NOT POST?
>
>Not to mention, is there ANYWHERE that he makes any
>SENSE?!

Of course there is.

Perhaps the Vogons will put in a hyperspace bypass so that he can get there.


    Alan T. Furman         | Don't blame me -- I voted Libertarian
---------------------------+----------------------------------------
  atfurman@cup.portal.com  |   (800)682-1776 for more information

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55238
From:  ()
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <C5yCou.M5B@cbnewse.cb.att.com>, random@cbnewse.cb.att.com
(David L. Pope) wrote:
> 
> From article <1993Apr23.153005.8237@starbase.trincoll.edu>, by  ():
> 
> > 
> > I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
> > and M-16's/AR-15's and banging/marrying thirteen yuear (sic) olds. 
> 
> So out of the numerous baptists that you hang around with you haven't
> seen any of the above behavior? Which trait (stocking food for more
> than a week, or owning a firearm) is the definition of a cult? What
> proof ( aside from David's aquittal ) leads you to believe that any
> "banging/marrying" of thirteen year olds was going on? Does your
> wife know that you equate 'marriage' with 'banging'?

(sic) Oh, you're really bright. As if nobody would have understood it was a
typo.

Several parents with children who either had at one time or currently were
inside the compound made the aforementioned charges. One parent actually
spoke about said charges (in reference to his 13-year old daughter) WITH
Koresh on the phone.

You missed my point entirely.

> 
> > You're a sorry
> > son of a bitch if you can't draw a distinction between these two things.
> 
> Since this guy doesn't like the concept of freedom of religion, he's
> going to insult you AND your mom!

Since you're unable to formulate a cogent response, you make a lame joke.

> 
> > People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend
> > sociopaths who aren't deserved of it. Get a life and chill on the
> > paranoia.
> 
> Sociopath - person with asocial or antisocial beahavior.
> Sociopaths - 200 persons, all who can't stand other people, sharing
>              the same ranch-house.

Anti-social. Normally meaning a response against societal norms. Stealing
is sociopathic behavior. It's not an oxymoron to have a GROUP of
SOCIOPATHS. I guess you're NOT a psychologist. Oh well...

> 
> > joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu
>                                 ^^^---It all suddenly becomes clear.

Maybe YOU should get an education, my man.

> 
> Why does everyone discover the Net in the spring?

Why won't some assholes use a sig so I can send them mail instead of
wasting bandwidth?

> 
> 	Random
> 	

joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55239
From:  ()
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1ra0i5$h69@transfer.stratus.com>, cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D.
Tavares) wrote:
>
> > Perhaps you've been under a rock since, say, the turn of the century. How
> > in the #$^& is one man supposed to review every single freaking
> > governmental action, every day? That's why we have an executive branch. HE
> > reviewed the plan and said "go," but he wasn't the architect and he wasn't
> > there, bullhorn in hand, implementing it. Yes, he was responsible in the
> > sense that he was briefed. So what! Shit happens. 
> 
> Hey, joe -- assuming you're old enough to remember it -- how did you feel
> about presidential responsibility every time Reagan said "I don't recall" 
> about his arms-for-hostages meetings with the Ollie North gang?
> 
> How did you feel about it when Bush said he "was out of the loop on that
> decision" when he was right there in the thick of it?
> 
> Oh, right.  "He was responsible in the sense that he was briefed, but so
> what -- shit happens!"  Is that what you said?

Of course not. There's more than a little difference between formulating
foreign policy and overseeing the ATF's handling of a scenario involving a
group of religious fanatics. Why do people compare apples and oranges?

joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55240
From: 6820230@LMSC5.IS.LMSC.LOCKHEED.COM
Subject: heidi@lmsc.lockheed.com

------------------------- Original Article -------------------------

The Colorado Daily recently reprinted the Wall Street Journal's article
on Paxton Quigley, including the nefarious little paragraph the Journal
tacked onto the end.  After recieving much assistance from various T.P.G.
type folks, I wrote a letter to the editor criticizing this last paragraph,
and surprise, surprise, surprise, they published it.  The text follows.
The Colorado Daily, btw, is the University of Colorado (Boulder) student
(I think) newspaper... not exactly a big coup, but every little bit, i guess...

(The title was the only thing they changed/added)

"Gun Stats"

The Daily recently reprinted an article from the
Wall Street Journal, primarily concerned with Paxton
Quigley, author of "Armed and Female."  The article,
in turn, cites a misleading statistic that was originally
reported in the New England Journal of Medicine.  The
article states, "A study... found that a gun in the home
was 43 times more likely to be used to kill its owner,
spouse, a friend, or child than to kill an intruder."  This
is an often-quoted statistic, and it is misleading for sev-
eral reasons, outlined below:

The study gives the impression that, if you own a
gun, the likelihood that you will successfully use it to
defend yourself is less than that of the gun being turned
against you.  The study, however, fails to take into
account cases where a law-abiding citizen uses a gun
to thwart a crime, without actually killing the perpe-
trator.

The study actually refers to 'acquaintances' rather
than 'friend'.  This would include the friendly neigh-
borhood thug who shows up like clockwork, every
month, the second your grandmother cashes her social
security check.  Possibly an acquaintance, but hardly a
friend.

The NEJM study is based on the immediate dis-
position of cases and fails to take into account cases
originally filed as homicides that were later ruled to be
self-defense.  Especially considering the small sample
size (396), taking these events into account has a sub-
stantial effect on the 43:1 ratio quoted.

Criminologist Gary Kleck gives us a slightly dif-
erent statistic: a gun is 33 times more likely to be
used, successfully, by a private citizen against an
aggressor than it is to kill anyone at all.  Further, per-
sons defending themselves from aggression by using a
gun fare better than those who resist vicimization by
some other means, or who offer no resistance at all.
Statistics available from the FBI and other agencies
also show that a gun is 245 times more likely to be
used by a non-criminal to defend against criminal threat
than to be used to commit criminal homicide, 535 times
more likely to be used to defend against a criminal
threat than to accidentally kill anybody, and 50 times
more likely to defend against criminal threat than to be
used to commit suicide.

It is well to keep in mind that nearly anything can
be proved by uncritical quotation of statistics.  One has
to consider carefully what questions were asked by
those gathering the data before one can draw an accu-
rate conclusion from them.

D.F. Taylor
CU Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry


--
Spooksmoke: Revolution, Assasination, Thorium, Cobalt-60, Clintin, CIA, NSA, SHC
  DoD #202 / loki@acca.nmsu.edu / liberty or death / taylordf@ucsu.colorado.edu
                 Send me something even YOU can't read...
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.2

mQCNAitfksQAAAEEAKceEjWI9f5KMJyKP0LOgC5dGHRpbMY2xhOo8kpEHMDyuf8a
1BfDQSj53kosTz6HRoshSDzLVuL1/40vPjmMNtFR+vyZ4jvd3rL4iuq2umMmex3M
itf3uLt8Xn/v/QAbsvhcFSHVJVK4Lf6wosuCMO03m2TiX31AI7VB0Uzo4yXjAAUX
tCREYW5pZWwgRiBUYXlsb3IgPExva2lAYWNjYS5ubXN1LmVkdT4=
=S5ib
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55241
From: andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman)
Subject: Re: Gun Buy Back

In article <16BB8E4C0.R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu> R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu writes:
>In article <1r6qqcINN8j4@clem.handheld.com> jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) writes:
>>Any death is serious.  Wanna discuss match control?  Firearms related
>>unintentional deaths among children ages 14 and under are the fault of one or
>>more negligent persons, not the gun.
>
>No, I don't want to discuss match control.  I don't equate a book of matches
>to a loaded 9 millimeter either.

And you shouldn't, as the matches kill more kids.  So why are you bleating
about guns?

>say that tired old NRA line "Guns don't kill people, people kill people".

It may be tired, but it is true.

>Sure, people can kill people without guns.  But easy access to guns makes it
>a lot more convenient.  "Guns don't kill people, People with easy access to
>guns kill people".

No, that's not right either.  People who have both easy access and the
desire to kill, kill people.  Considering that people who have the
desire to kill turn that into easy access ....  (Haven't you folks
learned anything from either Prohibition or the war on drugs?)

If you don't affect the desire, you're wasting your time, not to
mention the other costs incurred.

>    Jim, I'm just saying how it is.  I'm not saying if that is a good thing
>or not. From the police who I have talked with who run some of these gun
>buyback programs, I get the impression that they really think they are
>having an impact on the community.

Good for them.  I note that the TM folks make the same argument.  If
you'll pay their expesnses ($21 million for a reasonable size city),
they promise to meditate away all crime, disease, etc.  At least
they're not promising to jail me if I don't go along with their little
plan - they're going to just sit in a room and fly, leaving me alone.

>gun violence whether its effective or not.  Look, if you can't measure
>the impact of these programs using some sort of pre-test and post-test
>evaluation, what is the point?  It must be symbolic in nature.

Ah, but we have evaluated gun control using before-after and it
doesn't work to reduce crime.  What is the point?  We can't claim that
it is symbolic, as people do get jailed.

>The police are
>essentially saying "look, if you have a gun lying around and you don't
>want it, we'll give you $50 for it...because we care about the community".

No, they're essentially saying "we hope this will keep you from
noticing that we're not doing anything useful".  Pissing away
resources isn't "caring".

>If you, I and Joe could think of a way to measure the effectiveness or
>ineffectiveness of these programs we could become rich and famous.

Nope, you'll merely be ignored, as Wright, Rossi, and Daly were after
finishing "Under the Gun".  They were supposed to prove that gun
control worked, so ....

>> Jim, listen to me, I said I'M NOT RELIGIOUS WHATSOEVER, do you understand?
>
>  Religion has nothing to do with this.  I could care less what religion
>they were okay?  To put children in that situation is wrong, pure and
>simple.  Difference is good Jim, I am the most progressive and diverse
>person in the world.  But, if different is allowing kids to be exposed
>to tanks and tear-gas, then yes Jim, DIFFERENT IS WRONG.

So, who gassed them?  Given their previous experience with thugs who
threw grenades before yelling "we're from the govt and we're here to
help you", would a rational person think that the feds had their best
interests at heart?  Would you "know" that the gas was "non-lethal"?

-andy
--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55246
From: cmort@NCoast.ORG (Christopher Morton)
Subject: Re: Ban All Firearms !

As quoted from <1993Apr17.025258.7013@microsoft.com> by anthonyf@microsoft.com (Anthony Francisco):

> cmort:
> | If anybody wanted proof of the nonsense of the "you can't build guns" claim,
> | they need look no farther than the Philippines.  Amateur gunsmiths there
> | regularly produce everything from .45 automatics to full auto shotguns.  Now
> | if this guy wants to claim that the Philippines is either technologically
> | superior to the US or that their transportation is better than ours, all I
> | can say is that he's living in a fantasy world.
> 
> Unfortunately a few of those .45s blow up in your hands.

That's life.  First you marry Imelda Marcos, then you die! :)

> On the other hand, my compatriots built an excellent copy of a Beretta that
> I enjoyed using when I lived in the Philippines. Hmmmm.

And that's the HARD stuff to copy!

-- 
===================================================================
"You're like a bunch of over-educated, New York jewish ACLU lawyers
fighting to eliminate school prayer from the public schools in
Arkansas" - Holly Silva

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55247
From: fcrary@ucsu.Colorado.EDU (Frank Crary)
Subject: Re: Some more about gun control...

In article <2071@rwing.UUCP> pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto) writes:
>What I find so hard to understand is how come some people, apparantly
>NOT connected with government or otherwise privileged, will
>go to great lengths, redefinitions, re-interpretations, in a full-bore
>attempt to THROW AWAY THE PROTECTION OF THEIR OWN RIGHTS under the
>Constitution!!!
>Almost makes me think of lemmings running into the sea during a lemming
>year...
>I really wonder that Jefferson and Madison would say to these folks?

They'd probably quote Montesque (sp?) who was once asked if Russia
was likely to become a democracy any time soon: "No, because
Russia is a nation of slaves and the people get what they deserve."
Since he said that, Russia has changed a great deal. But so, 
unfortunately have other nations.

                                                 Frank Crary
                                                 CU Boulder

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55248
From: alane@microsoft.com (Alan Ezekiel)
Subject: Re: WACO burning

v111qheg@ubvmsb.cc.buffalo.edu (P.VASILION) writes:
>hallam@zeus02.desy.de writes...
>
>>The B.B.C. are also reporting that bodies of B-D members were found
>>with bullet wounds in a manner that suggests they may have been shot
>>attempting to leave the compound during the fire.
>
>Can you imagine what happens when a magazine explodes? Bullets go flying every
>where. IMHO, these "gunshot wounds" were actually caused when the magazines 
>went up.

Unlikely.  Ammunition is not as dangerous when simply burned as it
is when fired from a gun.  The brass case is not capable of holding
the pressure generated by burning powder, and will (unless supported
by the walls of a gun barrel or chamber) simply split open.  While
this may cause small pieces of brass to fly around, it will not
propel the bullet with any significant velocity.

In fact, it was not uncommon in years past to dispose of old loaded
cartridges by burning them.  As long as you were not close enough
to take a piece of flying brass in the eye, you were reasonably safe.

Thus, the detonation of loaded magazines or loose rounds might cause
slight injury but would be unlikely to cause fatal bullet wounds.

                               -- Alane --
   /-----------------------------------------------------------------\
  /   NOBODY shares my opinions,    |    "I am a jelly doughnut"      \
 /    especially not my employer    |    -- President John F Kennedy   \
/-----------------------------------------------------------------------\

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55249
From: alane@microsoft.com (Alan Ezekiel)
Subject: Re: The Dayton Gun "Buy Back" (Re: Boston Gun Buy Back)

>lvc@cbnews.cb.att.com (Larry Cipriani) writes:
>
>>According to WNCI 97.9 FM radio this morning, Dayton, Ohio is operating a
>>gun "buy back".  They are giving $50 for every functional gun turned in.
>>They ran out of money in one day, and are now passing out $50 vouchers of
>>some sort.  They are looking for more funds to keep operating.  Another
>>media-event brought to you by HCI.
>>
>>Is there something similar pro-gun people can do ?  For example, pay $100
>>to anyone who lawfully protects their life with a firearm ?  Sounds a bit
>>tacky, but hey, whatever works.

As David Veal points out, this sort of "promotion" would be used
against gun owners by the mass media.

However, here is my proposal: offer gun safety classes in your area,
free, as a community service.  Such a class would normally cost $40
or $50, so offering it free is a good promotion.

Our Gun Club has organized several of these (we just finished
teaching another one last night, in fact) and they have been
very well received.  We get a lot of people who are novices
interested in guns.  We even get a few who are anti-gun, but
feel they should know something about "gun safety" since members
of their family keep guns at home.

Teaching such a course gives us many desirable benefits:

(1) We have the chance to teach gun safety rules; this increases
    firearm awareness and may help to reduce gun accident stats.

(2) A "gun safety" class is Politically Correct, and likely to
    be viewed positively by the public and the media.

(3) Most of the students are 'normal people' (not gun enthusiasts)
    and this kind of class gives us the chance to give them a
    gentle introduction to firearms.

(4) Some of the students are enthusiastic, and will purchase a gun
    and become more involved in shooting or personal defense.

(5) It improves the public perception of our club and gun owners
    in general.  Our students see that we are all reasonable,
    non-aggressive, soft-spoken people, which helps to mitigate
    the standard image of a hardcore gun owner.  Even anti-gun
    students sometimes tell us they have "something new to think
    about" with regards to personal gun ownership.

(6) Sharing our experience with others is a lot of fun.

Our course is the standard NRA-certified "Home Firearm Safety"
class, and our students pay only $5 for materials.  We also
teach the NRA's "Personal Protection" class, although the cost
is higher for that one since we have to purchase range time.

I think firearms safety classes are an excellent response to
gun buy-backs.

                               -- Alane --
   /-----------------------------------------------------------------\
  /   NOBODY shares my opinions,    |    "I am a jelly doughnut"      \
 /    especially not my employer    |    -- President John F Kennedy   \
/-----------------------------------------------------------------------\

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55250
From: Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no>
Subject: Re: Change of name ??



	CAN you read ??
	If so: read my posting about Quisling OR look in a dictionary.
	If not: Don't read this :)


			Thomas

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55251
From: PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU (David Veal)
Subject: Re: BATF & FBI Do Right Thing in Waco

In article <1993Apr21.223541.2353@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu>
jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu writes:
 
>Everyone is complaining about the debacle in Waco. It is hard to
>understand all this angst. What happend there is nothing less than
>what we wanted to happen. Why all the sour grapes ?
 
       Cute word angst.  Conveys volumes.
 
       I'd be interested in this particular definition of "we."  It's
such a fluid pronoun.
 
>BATF was looking for a propaganda event to counteract their impending
>budget cuts ... the attendance of the press at the initial big
>commando raid is proof. It would have been ever so easier to grab
>Koresh and his central followers as they shopped in Waco. Alas, no
>propaganda value there.
>
>The FBI screwed-up big time, all the time. They should have never allowed
>the situation to drag out like that. A quick second assault, before the
>BDs could decide on a strategy, would have been the better plan.
>
>The BDs themselves were the biggest screw-ups though. They imagined
>that US law and US law-enforcement had no jurisdiction within their
>little 'country'. WRONG !
 
       The BD were a paranoid little cult out in the middle of nowhere,
which all of a sudden had their worst paranoid fears reinforced.
 
       Joy.
 
>They had no right whatsoever to fire on
>the BATF, and if they mistook their identity initially, they should
>have surrendered at once when they did realize who they were.
 
       Yes, they probably should have, although how many paranoid
nuts can say they held off the feds for 51 days?
 
>If the
>BDs had a problem with the warrants, they take it to court, just like
>the rest of us. If they wanted full-auto weapons, they could have
>obtained the proper permits, just like the rest of us would need to
>do. What they may NOT do is decide for themselves what US law applies
>to themselves and which does not. They get their chance like the rest
>of us - at the voting booth.
 
        The voting booth is highly over-rated.  People need to get up
off their lazy butts more than every year or every two years.  Hell,
most don't even do that.
 
>If the BATF and FBI have become latter-day Gestapo, then they have
>become that way because WE have desired them to be so.
 
        No, because "we" have decided that it doesn't make enough
difference to "us" to get up and do something.  That's something,
for instance, a lot of people who go speak against gun control
bills at their local government.  Dozens of "pro-gun" speakers
show up and few if any antis do, but  they often win anyway.
 
        Why?  Because it doesn't matter who shows up, it matters
who's willing to scream afterwards.  And it isn't that most people
give a damn one way of the other, but that they don't.  Nobody
gives a damn about anybody beyond their own little worlds.
 
>We get to
>vote on laws, and on the lawmakers. By our choices over the years,
>we have approved the creation and form of the BATF and FBI. When
>the FBI was out chasing 'pinkos', the general public didn't seem
>to mind a bit of extra-constitutional activity.
 
       The general public's usually not even read the constitution.
And what they have learned is a distorted picture of the whole thing.
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal  University of Tennessee Division of Continuing Education
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed\
When you pushed me down the elevator shaft\ ... Sometimes I get to
thinking you don't love me anymore." - "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55256
From: icsgh339@Msu.oscs.montana.edu
Subject: newbie

This is my first time on the network, but I am very concerned with this
incident in Waco.  I will refrain from stating my opinions until after I have
read the FAQ.  Could someone tell me how to get this?  I must say that I
believe the Govt. was wrong in the actions that they took in this situation.

Portenier           icsgh339@trex.oscs.montana.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55258
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1993Apr26.172903.12436@starbase.trincoll.edu>  () writes:
> In article <C5yCou.M5B@cbnewse.cb.att.com>, random@cbnewse.cb.att.com
> (David L. Pope) wrote:
> > 
> > From article <1993Apr23.153005.8237@starbase.trincoll.edu>, by  ():
> > 
> > > 
> > > I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
> > > and M-16's/AR-15's and banging/marrying thirteen yuear (sic) olds. 
> > 
> > So out of the numerous baptists that you hang around with you haven't
> > seen any of the above behavior? Which trait (stocking food for more
> > than a week, or owning a firearm) is the definition of a cult? What
> > proof ( aside from David's aquittal ) leads you to believe that any
> > "banging/marrying" of thirteen year olds was going on? Does your
> > wife know that you equate 'marriage' with 'banging'?
> 
> (sic) Oh, you're really bright. As if nobody would have understood it was a
> typo.

That was a reasonable insertion, so folks would know "Random" hadn't made an  
error reposting your message.  No one was flaming you for the typo.

> 
> Several parents with children who either had at one time or currently were
> inside the compound made the aforementioned charges. One parent actually
> spoke about said charges (in reference to his 13-year old daughter) WITH
> Koresh on the phone.

I have heard such claims from disgruntled former members.  Could be true, who  
knows.  No proof.  And what does all this have to do with the BATF and FBI  
actions?
> 
> You missed my point entirely.
> 

No, you missed his.

> > 
> > > You're a sorry
> > > son of a bitch if you can't draw a distinction between these two things.
> > 
> > Since this guy doesn't like the concept of freedom of religion, he's
> > going to insult you AND your mom!
> 
> Since you're unable to formulate a cogent response, you make a lame joke.
> 
> > 
> > > People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend
> > > sociopaths who aren't deserved of it. Get a life and chill on the
> > > paranoia.
> > 
> > Sociopath - person with asocial or antisocial beahavior.
> > Sociopaths - 200 persons, all who can't stand other people, sharing
> >              the same ranch-house.
> 
> Anti-social. Normally meaning a response against societal norms. Stealing
> is sociopathic behavior. It's not an oxymoron to have a GROUP of
> SOCIOPATHS. I guess you're NOT a psychologist. Oh well...
> 
> > 
> > > joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu
> >                                 ^^^---It all suddenly becomes clear.
> 
> Maybe YOU should get an education, my man.
> 
> > 
> > Why does everyone discover the Net in the spring?
> 
> Why won't some assholes use a sig so I can send them mail instead of
> wasting bandwidth?
> 

This from someone who does not have a return address in his header:
----
Newsgroups: talk.politics.guns
From:  ()
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS
Followup-To: talk.politics.guns
Sender: usenet@starbase.trincoll.edu (SACM Usenet News)
Organization: Trinity College, Hartford, CT.
Lines: 65
----
Whereas David Pope (random) did, so a reasonable newsreader could simply hit  
reply to his comments, but not to yours.  Get an education in Internet use, "my  
man".

> > 
> > 	Random
> > 	
> 
> joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55259
From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1993Apr26.174819.13707@starbase.trincoll.edu>  () writes:
> In article <1ra5i9INNd4g@clem.handheld.com>, jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De
> Arras) wrote:
> > 
> > In article <1993Apr23.153005.8237@starbase.trincoll.edu>  () writes:
> 
> > > I've yet to meet a group of Baptists who were stockpiling Cambell's soup
> > > and M-16's/AR-15's and banging/marrying thirteen yuear olds. 
> > 
> > I don't recall saying Baptists do any of that.  Though I suppose some do.   
And  
> > none of them are listed in the dictionary as characteristics of a cult.  My  
> > mother stockpiled Campbells soup when it was on sale.  
> > 
> > > You're a sorry
> > > son of a bitch if you can't draw a distinction between these two things.
> > 
> > You are an intolerent, foul-mouthed human.  You sound like you are ready to  
> > join the KKK or neo-nazis, with a narrow mind like yours.
> 
> Fuck YOU. My paternal grandparents died in Oswiecym (Aushwitz in the native
> tongue, for all of you pseudo-historically literate people). 

And Bejing = Peking, who cares about native tongue, as long as we all  
understand each other.

> I would
> suggest you'd have to search long and hard to find someone with more
> diffuse sensibilities. 

Oh, not more than a few feet, I wouldn't think.  I'm sorry IF your paternal  
grandparents died in Oswiecym or Aushwitz, which is easier to say than prove,  
but if so, the lesson they paid thier lives for was wasted on you.

> Just tootin' my own horn.

You are the expert.  I often feel compelled to brag about the circumstances of  
my grandparent's death.  8-}

> 
> > > People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend sociopaths
> > > who aren't deserved of it. Get a life and chill on the paranoia.
> > > 
> 
> I don't care about *cults*. There's no language problem here. My problem is
> with religious fanatics (claiming to be God is just a *little bit*
> unsettling) stockpiling several years' supply of canned foods and enough
> weapons to hold off a company (not to mention the ATF, which %&^#ed up in
> the first place) and talking about how they're going to "take care" of all
> of the "unbelievers." But granted, up to that moment, he'd done nothing
> wrong. I recognize and respect that.
> 
> Then the ATF discovers he doesn't have proper permits for some of his
> purchases and failed to pay some taxes on them. 
> 

A BATF offense, if true.

> Then several parents come forward and demand that previous charges of child
> abuse be refiled. There have been interviews with some parents whose
> children were in the compound at some point. These parents claimed
> psychological and sexual abuse. The childrens' statements supported these
> charges.

A LOCAL offense, if true.  Totally outside the BATF's domain.

> 
> Was it a 'no-knock?' I really haven't heard anything on that. But clearly
> he was not just another guy minding his own business. Hell, give them all
> the guns in the world if they don't bother anyone. But he was a scary sort,
> don't you think? 

I didn't know the man.  Just what the TV chose to tell me.

> The sort of person you'd want your daughter to date? 

I thought there were prejudicial undertones here.  I would trust my daughter's  
judgement.

> I
> didn't think so. Reason number one to doubt the legal statements made by
> some of the survivors. (Note that some of them were made by his 'guard,'
> well-[hesitate to say expertly] trained killers).

I don't believe either side blindly.
> 
> Then he fired on the ATF. That's not just a little mistake, or some
> red-white-and blue American defending his home against Big Brother. 

IF they fired first, without announcing in a beleivable way who they were ( I  
can pound on your door and claim to be the police, will you just lay down and  
take it if I do?), then he could be justified in firing on the ATF in  
self-defense.

> That
> shit doesn't fly. Anyone with his background that will shoot and kill
> Federal Law Enforcement officials is not some good citizen whose crusade
> enjoys our support. He's a loose cannon. Just my opinion...

"His background"?  What law has he been convicted of breaking in the past?
> 
> joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm always rethinking that.  There's never been a day when I haven't rethought  
that.  But I can't do that by myself."  Bill Clinton  6 April 93
"If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed  
in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!"
WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55260
From: PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU (David Veal)
Subject: Re: Two Questions

In article <16BB8C820.SBANKA@VM.TEMPLE.EDU>
SBANKA@VM.TEMPLE.EDU writes:
 
>I'd appreciate any help anyone could give me on these two questions:
>
>The Brady Bill was in the news throughout 1992 but what actually happened to
>it in Congress?  Did Bush veto it?  If so, when?
 
       The Brady Bill passed the House in 1992, but failed to reach a
vote in the Senate.  As such, it never reached Bush.  (Sarah Brady's
condemnation not-withstanding).
 
       It'll probably pass the House again, and will probably pass the
Senate if they can get it to a vote.  Whether of not they'll be busy
with other things will be the question.  I don't expect gung-ho opposition
on the part of Senate Republicans, since they won't want to over-use their
fillibuster trump card.
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal  University of Tennessee Division of Continuing Education
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed\
When you pushed me down the elevator shaft\ ... Sometimes I get to
thinking you don't love me anymore." - "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55261
From: michaelh@public.btr.com (Michael Hahn  michaelh@btr.com)
Subject: CNN tape shows tank starting fire

A friend recorded CNN news during the gassing and incineration of
the BD's.  I went through it carefully today, and found something
very interesting.  A tank is pulling out of the house, and there
is a fireball, maybe 24" across that lasts for about 1 second.
Exactly ten minutes and thirty nine seconds later, the smoke starts
billowing out of that area of the building.
Now, I'm no govt. spokestwinkie, so it might really have been a
weather balloon or something.  Perhaps someone would check it out
and comment.


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55262
From: nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

gjh@galen.med.Virginia.EDU (Galen J. Hekhuis) writes:
>nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle) writes:
>}    They assembled a frightening arsenal of weapons 

>What, exactly, did you find frightening about their weapons?

    The lethality in small part, but mostly what I found frightening 
was the fact that they were wielded by people who believed that they 
ate breakfast every morning with Jesus Christ. Now I wasn't there in 
Galilee back in the Roman occupation, so I don't know for certain that 
David Koresh was not Jesus Christ, but I strongly suspect that he was 
not (even aside from the fact of never having seen them in a photograph 
together).

>}by circumventing laws which were intended to prevent such a buildup. 
>
>Which laws are you making reference to?

    I admit I can't cite a specific, but if there isn't a law against 
purchasing grenade components and assembling them into functioning units 
then perhaps we need one. All second ammendment arguments aside, I'm just 
not sure that I like the idea of private citizens with hand grenades.

--
Nathan Engle                        Software Juggler
Psychology Department               Indiana University
nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu      nengle@silver.ucs.indiana.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55263
From: osan@cbnewsb.cb.att.com (Mr. X)
Subject: Re: guns in backcountry? no thanks

In article <121415@netnews.upenn.edu> egedi@ahwenasa.cis.upenn.edu (Dania M. Egedi) writes:
>In article <1993Apr16.222604.18331@CSD-NewsHost.Stanford.EDU>, andy@SAIL.Stanford.EDU (Andy Freeman) writes:
>|> In article <1993Apr16.174436.22897@midway.uchicago.edu> pkgeragh@gsbphd.uchicago.edu (Kevin Geraghty) writes:

>>>wrong about the  whole guns-for-protection mindset, it ignores the
>>>systemic effects of cumulative individual actions.  If you want fire
>>>insurance on your house that's prudent and it has no effect on me; but
>>>if you and a bunch of other paranoids are packing handguns in the
>>>backcountry it makes me, and anyone else who doesn't chose to protect
>>>himself in this manner, pretty f**king nervous. 
>>
>> Why?  If you're not a threat, you're not affected at all.
>> 
>
>Aha.  That's the part that makes me nervous too.  Who gets to decide if
>I am a threat?  

	When I might possibly be on the receiving end of a violent gesture, 
	then *I* get to decide for myself.  If someone does not like it, too
	bad.  I would be doing exactly what YOU  or any other living creature
	would do in terms of evaluation.  What's the big deal?

>Based on appearance?  

	Sometimes.

>Would someone feel more threatened when approached by a very dirty, smelly, 
>slightly-maniacal looking person with a slight glaze to the eyes, muttering 
>to himself?  

	I might.

>Doesn't this describe most backpackers after they've been out more than a 
>couple of days?  

	Not in my experience.  And let us not forget that context is often an
	important factor in evaluating a situation.  Seeing disheveled persons
	on a hiking trail is not likely to be evaluated equally with meeting
	a grimey sort, as described above, on a lonely city street at 3 am.
	Anyone that cannot properly discriminate between these two different
	situations is legitimate fodder for the old "survival of the fittest" 
	principle.

>Or based on something else?  Proximity?  No room to pass on the trail
>without getting *real close* to someone.  An inner sense?  Now I'm really 
>getting nervous.

	Sounds like you doubt your own abilities.  You sound pretty
	typical in this respect.  You also seem to think that you'll
	be safe or safer if others are unarmed.  This is dangerous 
	fantasy.

>Twice when I was hiking the A.T. I came up on a shelter that I was planning
>on staying at and saw someone sitting there cleaning his gun.  Softly I backed
>away, and hiked another 5 miles to get *out of there*.  I'll freely admit it here:
>I'm not afraid of guns; I'm afraid of people that bring them into the backcountry.

	Then you are in need of some form of therapy.  Not necessarily that
	of an analyst, but maybe you should learn about guns.  Your fear is
	seems to be based in ignorance and false knowledge.  You see a person
	with a gun and you feel threatened.  Why is this so?  Have you any
	legitimate basis for this?  Any first-hand experience that lends
	validity to your fears?  Or are your fears based on mediated experience,
	i.e. the anecdotes of others such as network news?  I trust you can
	see the lack of legitimacy in such mediated inputs?

	And why are you afraid of the PEOPLE as mentioned above?  Forgive me,
	but you sound afraid to the point of paranoia.  Perhaps you should talk
	to someone about this.  I am not saying this to be rude or fascetious,
	but I think anyone with fear as deep and baseless as yours *seems* to
	be needs some sort of help.  Living in fear really sucks, even if it
	is only when around people with guns in the back country.

	Tell me: would you be as fearful of a park ranger who was right in 
	front of you with their side arm in clear view?  Why or why not?

	-Andy V.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55264
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: Civil Rights Violations

>> Eighth Amendment:
>> 1) The Davidians suffered cruel and unusual punishment when:
>> 	f> Thoes who escaped were imprisoned without bail without a  
>hearing.
>
>Happens all the time, they were arraigned the next day, I'd doubt
>you'd have any luck on this point.


	I had heard that not all were arraigned yet, some were being
	held as "material witnesses."

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55265
From: Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no>
Subject: guns=Amex AND new name.....



I have NEVER spoken for a ban against guns in America !
What I've said is that there seems to be to MANY of them, and especially
to many in wrong hands....

Now IF you would like to reduce the number, how would you do it without affecting
good/responcible gun owners ??


I DO believe in a persons freedom.
What I don't believe is that you can have it all and don't pay for it.

MOST europeans believe in a society of individuals, and that you HAVE
to give 'a little' to make that society work.

Cars and guns should really not be mixed, I just tried to make a point.
Like America, Norway has some spaces you have to cross to get from a to b,
so a car is essential in most parts....

Guns on the other hand are not essential in Norway, so we don't 
argue that IF we 'banned' guns we HAVE to ban cars.....


EVERYONE who believe that Hitler and WW2 could be avoided if there were
more guns in Germany in the 30's: PLEASE read some HISTORY!


Is this discussion about

1. Banning weapons for ALL Americans
            or
2. Making it harder for criminals to get one ??



Change of name.......
Wrote that one after reading the first postings about the Waco 'incident'.
I still think there are 'some' posters should move their post to alt.conspiracy
or make a new newsgroup.
(If you read the first postings after the Waco fire you should see who I mean......)

Did the BATF get the warrant for a gun search only or was there other reasons.
(Child abuse for instance)

Doesn't the people reading this newsgroup have access to the clari.news.* hierarcy ??
(Some seems rather mis/unInformed)

(Or is the clari.news.* hierarcy ruled and censored by the corrupt facist goverment??)



                                    Thomas Parsli


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55266
From: jbs@rti.rti.org
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

In article <1993Apr26.174819.13707@starbase.trincoll.edu> () writes:
>
>> > People like you cheapen our constitution by using it to defend sociopaths
>> > who aren't deserved of it. Get a life and chill on the paranoia.
>> > 
>
>I don't care about *cults*. There's no language problem here. My problem is
>with religious fanatics (claiming to be God is just a *little bit*
>unsettling) stockpiling several years' supply of canned foods

No crime here.

> and enough
>weapons to hold off a company

No crime here.

> (not to mention the ATF, which %&^#ed up in
>the first place) and talking about how they're going to "take care" of all
>of the "unbelievers."

No crime here.
Also no substantiation of your claim that Koresh said this.  I for one have
never heard this mentioned before.  Where did you hear it?

> But granted, up to that moment, he'd done nothing
>wrong. I recognize and respect that.

Up to which moment?  The one where you decided that anyone who claims to be
God no longer has the protection of the Constitution?
What happened to the separation of church and state?

>Then the ATF discovers he doesn't have proper permits for some of his
>purchases and failed to pay some taxes on them. 

I have yet to see any evidence of *this*, either.  From what I hear the
*original* warrant (the reason for the Feb. raid) is still sealed.  What are
"unsealed" seem to be warrants taken out after the initial raid.

>Then several parents come forward and demand that previous charges of child
>abuse be refiled. There have been interviews with some parents whose
>children were in the compound at some point.

Funny, I haven't seen any of these "interviews."
Interesting that when the social services agencies investigated Koresh on
these previous charges, they found absolutely no evidence of abuse.

> These parents claimed
>psychological and sexual abuse. The childrens' statements supported these
>charges.

Funny, I don't remember hearing anything about childrens' statements,
either.  Where did you say you heard all this?

What *I* heard was that none of the children who left the compound early in
the seige exhibited any signs typical of abuse, physical or mental.  This
from the newspaper and national TV news.

Did you also hear that it's the job of the BATF and the FBI to lay siege to
homes where child abuse is suspected?  I thought you did.

>Was it a 'no-knock?' I really haven't heard anything on that. But clearly
>he was not just another guy minding his own business.

"Clearly?"  Please tell us what Koresh was doing that can be construed as
other than "minding his own business" before the BATF raided the place.

> Hell, give them all
>the guns in the world if they don't bother anyone. But he was a scary sort,
>don't you think? The sort of person you'd want your daughter to date? I
>didn't think so. Reason number one to doubt the legal statements made by
>some of the survivors.

Your logic just amazes me.  I think your grandparents who died in
Auschwitz would be turning over in their graves if they could hear how
cavalierly you throw away people's protection of law because you think
they're "scary" and "not the sort of person you'd want your daughter to
date."  What sort of people do you suppose the Nazis thought your
grandparents were?  Probably not the sort they'd want their little
frauleins dating...

> (Note that some of them were made by his 'guard,'
>well-[hesitate to say expertly] trained killers).

And next I suppose you'll tell us exactly WHO these "well-trained killers"
have killed?

>Then he fired on the ATF. That's not just a little mistake, or some
>red-white-and blue American defending his home against Big Brother. That
>shit doesn't fly.

Because you said so, right?  Right.

> Anyone with his background that will shoot and kill
>Federal Law Enforcement officials is not some good citizen whose crusade
>enjoys our support.

So someone with a different background, say someone who didn't claim to be
the Messiah, in your book COULD shoot and kill Federal Law Enforcement
officials WOULD be a good citizen whose crusade enjoys our support?

> He's a loose cannon. Just my opinion...

Worth the paper it's printed on.

You're amazing, simply amazing.

  -joe

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55267
From: kde@boi.hp.com (Keith Emmen)
Subject: Re: Waco "Inside Story" (AP) (Was Re: ATF BURNS....)

dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung) writes:
: 
: Dear, dear.  They could have COME OUT.
: 

No, they probably couldn't.  If you had ever been tear gassed, you 
wouldn't be so quick to condem.  



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55268
From: cescript@mtu.edu (Charles Scripter)
Subject: Re: CLINTON JOINS LIST OF GENOCIDAL SOCIALIST LEADERS

[Joe, why don't you put your username on your account?]

On Mon, 26 Apr 1993 17:48:19 GMT, joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu wrote:

> Then the ATF discovers he doesn't have proper permits for some of his
> purchases and failed to pay some taxes on them. 

Or claims to have discovered so...  It would hardly be the first time
they raided someone based on incorrect evidence.

> Was it a 'no-knock?' I really haven't heard anything on that. But clearly

It was a "no-knock", according to the Associated Press report.
Here's something I found in my collection:

    Excerpts from an article in the Knoxville News-Sentinel Final
    Edition Monday, March 1, 1993 (the byline is associated press):

    WACO, Texas - Fierce gun battles erupted Sunday as more than 100
    law officers tried to arrest the leader of a heavily armed
    religious cult.  At least four federal agents and two cult members
    were reported killed.  [...]

    The gun battles began when federal agents hidden in livestock
    trailers stormed the sect's head-quarters Sunday morning,
             ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    witnesses said.  The agents had warrants to search for guns and
    explosives and to arrest Howell, said Les Stanford of the ATF in
    Washington.  [...]

    Witnesses said the law officers stormed the compound's main home,
    throwing concussion grenades and screaming "Come out," while three
    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    National Guard helicopters approached.  For a moment, there was no
    response.  Then the shooting began. 

I think "storming the sect's head-quaters" and "throwing concussion
grenades" qualifies as a no-knock (or perhaps an illegal assault).

> he was not just another guy minding his own business. Hell, give them all
> the guns in the world if they don't bother anyone. But he was a scary sort,
> don't you think? The sort of person you'd want your daughter to date? I
                   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Probably not.  But then again, neither are you.

> Then he fired on the ATF. That's not just a little mistake, or some
> red-white-and blue American defending his home against Big Brother. That
> shit doesn't fly. Anyone with his background that will shoot and kill
                    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
And just what is "his background"?  What prior crimes had he been
CONVICTED of?

> Federal Law Enforcement officials is not some good citizen whose crusade
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Sorry, BATF are "Federal TAX Enforcement officials".  They're not
police, nor do they have police powers.

--
Charles Scripter   *   cescript@phy.mtu.edu
Dept of Physics, Michigan Tech, Houghton, MI 49931
-------------------------------------------------------------
"...  The people cannot be all, and always, well informed.  The part
which is wrong will be discontented, in proportion to the importance
of the facts they misconceive.  If they remain quiet under such
misconceptions, it is lethargy, the forerunner of death to the public
liberty.  ..."   Thomas Jefferson, Nov. 13, 1787

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55269
From: lilak@peaks.enet.dec.com (Rod Lilak)
Subject: Bennett : Banned, Bayonet 



I wrote a letter the other day to Empower America - the organization
which claims to be championing conservative issues, esp. in the wake 
of the Republican defeat last fall. 

Some might consider them just a an organization to create a network of 
support among conservatives for some individuals in prep. for '96 run.

You'd be close to the truth.

Their two leading spokesmen are Bill Bennett, former 'Drug Czar' who heartily
supported Bush's semi-auto import ban, and wondered if it went far enough - 
who helped put the big lie about 'sporting use' into the public's eye - and
Jack Kemp - who recently came out in support of semi-auto bans. 

These are conservatives ? 

Anyway I thought it interesting that when I ran Word Perfect's spell check
against my letter - it came up with the following corrections for 'Bennett' :

1. Banned
2. Bayonet


Needless to say, I found these choices rather amusing.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"It [collectivism vs individualism] is an ancient conflict. Men have come
close to the truth, but it was destroyed each time and one civilization fell
after another. Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The
savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe.
Civilization is the process of setting man free from men."
    -- Ayn Rand : 'Roark's speech from the _Fountainhead_'
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I don't speak for my company. We hire the 'Politically Correct' to do that.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55270
From: pngai@adobe.com (Phil Ngai)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <nate.1507.735856109@psygate.psych.indiana.edu> nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle) writes:
>    I admit I can't cite a specific, but if there isn't a law against 
>purchasing grenade components and assembling them into functioning units 
>then perhaps we need one. All second ammendment arguments aside, I'm just 
>not sure that I like the idea of private citizens with hand grenades.

Are you aware you can make a grenade with gunpower and metal water pipes?
Maybe we should outlaw hardware stores and ammo reloading.

Are you aware that you can make a firebomb with gasoline? etc.

-- 
 Justin Ngai, 8 pounds, 2 ounces,
 born 4/24/93

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55271
From: 0005111312@mcimail.com (Peter Nesbitt)
Subject: Here's the number to call for CA bills...

I made a few phone calls today, and found that if you call the Bill Room at
the Sacramento State Capitol, you may order free of charge any bills that
are currently being pushed.  I was told that they will only fill an order of
five bills per phone call, but when I asked kindly and told the nice lady that
it was very important, she filled my order for ten.

California State Bill Room
916-445-2323

Subject:  Re: Need Senate Bill numbers and House Resolution numbers
 
Sorry I forgot to include this in my previous letter but we also
have to worry about State bills.  These are the ones that I am
currently aware of:

SB 292
SB 247
SB 67
SB 89
SB 180

AB 117
AB 155
AB 166
AB 482
AB 501

My thanks to Bob Hale for providing the bill numbers!

/------------------------------------------------------------------------\
| Peter D. Nesbitt |   Air Traffic Controller   | PNESBITT@MCIMAIL.COM   |
|                  |     Oakland Bay TRACON     |                        |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  CBR600F2 Pilot  |     NRA Member CCX1380F    | S&W .41 Magnum Carrier |
\------------------------------------------------------------------------/

Hey!  I fixed my sig.file!

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55272
From: PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU (David Veal)
Subject: Re: BATF Achieved Objective; Wants to "Move On"

In article <1rh9soINNimh@cronkite.Central.Sun.COM>
dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard) writes:
 
>In article 26844@convex.com, langston@convex.COM (Kevin Langston) writes:
>>feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel) writes:
>>>Everyone discussing why the BATF did this or didn't do that is missing
>>>the point. BATF wanted to destroy Koresh.  Everything they did was
>>>consistent with that objective.
>>
>>    And having done that, they've declared victory by flying their flag
>>    over the ruins. Regardless of who started the firefight or fire,
>>    I see the flag as nothing but arrogant.
>>
>
>        Not only arrogant, but in plain bad taste.  As though they had
>        defeated a difficult foe, and done so with honor.
>
>        I understand Reno does not own the BATF... doesn't Bentsen, a
>        Texas boy at that, I believe?  Why is not Bentsen from Treasury
>        as much out front as Reno is?  Is he hiding behind her apron strings?
 
 
       The BATF got sat on pretty early on.  After the initial shooting
was over, it pretty much become the FBI's show.  (Even that BATF guy
stopped showing up next to the speaker at the daily press conferences).
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal  University of Tennessee Division of Continuing Education
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed\
When you pushed me down the elevator shaft\ ... Sometimes I get to
thinking you don't love me anymore." - "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55273
From: jpsb@NeoSoft.com (Jim Shirreffs)
Subject: Re: Waco Questions


| The U.S. Government has become a garrotte around the necks of its
| citizens.  Just as with a garrotte, the more people struggle to breathe
| the air of freedom, the more the government tightens its stranglehold. The
| only possible outcomes at this point are the death of government or the
| elimination of personal freedom.

I think this is a little extreme, i am concerned about a couple of things
i've seen lately. It seems to me that the government is *beginning* to 
enforce political correctness. the first King verdict was polically incorrect
so the hell with constutitional protection from double jeopardy, try the cops
again. the BD's are far as i can tell didn't do anything wrong. nothing that
would justify the horrable end they were subjected too. they were simply
polically incorrect in the extream. i can't help but wonder "who's next"

jim shirreffs
i speak for myself and only myself


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55274
Subject: Repeat violent criminals--is reform often impossible?
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)



From the Boston Globe, Thursday April 22 1993

p. 44

Walpole man, 32, guilty in rape

Kenne, N.H. -- A Walpole man
charged with kidnapping a
mother of two from her home, then
raping and beating her, has pleaded 
guilty.  Roger Santaw Jr. also plead-
ed guilty to an attempted escape
from Cheshire County jail last win-
ter.  Santaw, 32 is scheduled to be
sentenced next week.  The rape last
fall came six months after Santaw
was released from prision, where
he spent 15 years for a rape he commit-
ted when he was 16.  (AP)


 
[end of article]

Any reactions?  Did he do enough time?  What should his penalty
be?  

BTW, Walpole is a town in Massachusetts.  Of course, New
hampshire is close by.
J. Case Kim
kim39@husc.harvard.edu


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55275
From: osan@cbnewsb.cb.att.com (Mr. X)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

In article <1993Apr21.091130.17788@ousrvr.oulu.fi> dfo@vttoulu.tko.vtt.fi (Foxvog Douglas) writes:
>
>This means you would support a ban if it were narrow enough.  Good.

	This was not stated nor implied.  Try asking.
>
>Nerve gas and mustard gas are well defined.  Other poisonous
>gasses should be individually banned only if it can be shown that there
>is no use not related to weaponry.  Licenses should be available for
>research purposes on such chemicals.

	This is laughable.  Licenses?  Right.  So then I would need a
	license to possess chlorine gas?  It is a weapons grade poison.
	Would I be breaking the law then if I were to, say, pour Chlorox
	on the spot where my cat pissed on the floor?  The reaction of
	ammonia and bleach liberates pure chlorine gas.  Do I go to jail
	for this?  Why or why not?

	Would I need a license to possess other chemical agents?  What about
	nicotine?  Deadly poison, and rather fast acting.  Must I now become
	licensed to posess tobacco?  And what about nicotine sulphate, an even
	deadlier poison?  Will I need a license to possess this type of 
	insecticide?  What about Raid(tm)?  Black Flag?  Gasoline?  Benzene?
	Hydrazine (a violent poison)?

	Will I go to jail for possessing a can of tomatoes that went bad with
	botulinus?

	What about my mom & pop QC lab where I use cyanogen bromide (mustard
	gas) to do lot analysis on certain non-prescription pharmaceuticals?

	What if I wish to use potassium cyanide to recover gold from aqua
	regia?  A license? 

	Would I need a license to possess Beryllium, perhaps the most poisonous
	non-radioactive metal?  How about Beryllium-Copper alloy?

	Do I need a license for nitrate fertilizers which *could* be used to
	make VERY powerful explosive devices such as the one that the IRA
	recently detonated, killing 1 and injuring 45?

	Can I have vinegar without license?  Hydrogen peroxide?  Where is the 
	line drawn?    

>I am not a lawyer, but these ideas could certainly be a basis for 
>definitions.

	Yes they could, but are they good ideas?  Are they needed?  Is there
	any shred of sanity in them?  Scarcely, I trust.
>
	-Andy V.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55276
From: PA146008@UTKVM1.UTK.EDU  (David Veal)
Subject: Re: newbie

In article <0096B9BF.EB6A4220@Msu.oscs.montana.edu>
icsgh339@Msu.oscs.montana.edu writes:
 
>This is my first time on the network, but I am very concerned with this
>incident in Waco.  I will refrain from stating my opinions until after I have
>read the FAQ.  Could someone tell me how to get this?  I must say that I
>believe the Govt. was wrong in the actions that they took in this situation.
 
        As far as I know, there is no FAQ for tpg.  Somebody was working
on one, but I think it "died in committee."
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
David Veal  University of Tennessee Division of Continuing Education
PA146008@utkvm1.utk.edu - "I still remember the way you laughed\
When you pushed me down the elevator shaft\ ... Sometimes I get to
thinking you don't love me anymore." - "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55277
From: rscharfy@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu (Ryan C Scharfy)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1rgudtINN3it@apache.dtcc.edu> bob@hobbes.dtcc.edu (Bob Rahe) writes
:
>In article <2099@rwing.UUCP> pat@rwing.UUCP (Pat Myrto) writes:
>
>>I want to see an INDEPENDENT investigation, with full prosecuting and
>>subpoena powers.  With felony prosecution where felony acts are found.
>>Fat chance, I bet.  I bet the Justice Dept will have an internal
>>investigation which will turn up at most 'poor judgement'.
>
>  OOOHHHHHHHH, can you say "INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR", geee, maybe ol'
>Mr. Walsh can do something useful after all.....
>
> (Right, fat chance...)
>

I'm responding at the risk of misreading your response, but I do have to tell 
my fellow conservatives to give it up, attacking Reno/Clinton/ATF/FBI.

They may have botched an operation, but they didn't kill anybody who never shot
at them first.  David Koresh was a frigging lunatic.  His followers had the 
combined I.Q of a Geraldo audience.  The kids probably would have been those
fucked up social rejects who go to Freshman dances in high school, never to be
seen again (except maybe in the band) until prom, when they show up like 
animals boarding the ark.  Then it's bowling till 3 in the morning..... 
(WHY....WHY?? did it happen to me??!!)

Anyway, the point is Janet Reno/Bill Clinton were only following the advice of 
trained, law enforcement officials who were experts in their fields.  I'd 
rather have our leaders do that then micro-manage every crisis that comes 
along.  Then you'd really see trouble no matter what party or ideology the 
President and her (er.. I mean his) Attorney General is.
-- 
Ryan C. Scharfy

rscharfy@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55278
From: awe@pimms.mit.edu (Ari Epstein)
Subject: Re: Who's next? Mormons and Jews?

In article <viking.735373292@ponderous.cc.iastate.edu>, viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson) writes:
> In <mcclaryC5snpq.KB1@netcom.com> mcclary@netcom.com (Michael McClary) writes:
> 
> 	
>                                         
> 	
> 	  LDS and RLDS
> philosophy is that all other religions have strayed from the true
> Church as set down by Jesus, but that God will judge each on his
> own merits.  In addition, the RLDS also contend (and the LDS may
> as well) that ignorance of the True Way (tm) is an excuse.  You
> can only be condemned if you had been tought the way and rejected
> it.  In short, LDS and RLDS suffer everybody from Lutherans to
> Buddhists, secure in the knowledge that though they are wrong they
> will not be penalized for ignorance.  


I believe that this is not quite correct. My understanding is that LDS is
engaged on a project to "convert" the souls of deceased persons of other
religions, in order to spare them from damnation and gain them entrance into
heaven. To this end, the Church has compiled extensive genaeological records, so
that they will know the names of people to convert. A long article in the New
Yorker a few years ago described the LDS research methods in some detail (for
example, some researchers pay visits to local native storytellers to learn the
names of people long dead). This sounds like just the sort of lie that would be
made up about any unusual religion, but the New Yorker story convinced me that
there is some truth to it (the New Yorker used to do extensive fact-checking, and
the story was quite detailed).

Ari



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55279
From: jtrascap@nyx.cs.du.edu (Jim Trascapoulos)
Subject: Re: Denver Post Classifieds: No assault weapons

eesnyder@boulder.Colorado.EDU (Eric E. Snyder) writes:



>I came across the following notice in the Denver Post classified secctio

>this morning (April 26, 1993):

>\begin{quote}

>NOTICE:

>The Denver Post will no longer knowingly accept any advertisement to buy
>or sell assault weapons.  The Denver Post finds that the use of assault
>weapons poses a threat to the health, safety, and security of its reader
.

>\end{quote}

>Now I suppose the Post is within its rights to refuse such ads.  However

>the second sentence is so noxious, I feel compelled to bring it to the 
>attention of the t.p.g/c.g readership.  

>I called the Post classified number (825-2525) and expressed my displeas
re. 
>According to the supervisor I spoke to, the Post was reacting to public
>complaints regarding the running of assult weapon ads.  However, she sai

>the paper was keeping track of the reaction to the change in policy.  I 
>strongly encourage Denver Post readers to call and make their feelings k
own.

>Eric E. Snyder                            
>Department of MCD Biology              ...making feet for childrens' sho
s.
>University of Colorado, Boulder   
>Boulder, Colorado 80309-0347
 
Will do! I appreciate the thoughtfullness of the Post to not be an
intermediary for such sales. The "Right to bear arms" is one of the most
misapplied rights in our Constitution, and assault weapons go way beyond
what is, or rather should be (imho), a "natural" right in America. Just
ask the family of that boy shot back in September - the papers are full of
stories about a child with an assult weapon with a "angelic face" (Post)
who committed the murder without ever thinking.
 
This has all got to get under control. I applaud the Post for their bravery
 
Jim Trascapoulos * jtrascap@nyx.cs.du.edu * "So, what size id do YOU wear?"


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55280
From: karl@dixie.com (Karl Klingman)
Subject: Re: The Truth about Waco 

dhartung@chinet.chi.il.us (Dan Hartung) writes:

>jgd@dixie.com (John De Armond) writes:

>>*	The tanks were collapsing interior walls and ceilings putting people
>>	at great risk.

>Dear, dear. They could have COME OUT.

Then by your logic, the Jews in Europe in the 1930's were the cause for
the Holocaust.  Hitler told them to leave and because they didn't they
brought the whole thing on themselves.  Because as you say, they could
have COME OUT of Germany.

>>*	There was no group instruction of any kind from Koresh or his 
>>	aids after the tank invasion (referring to any kind of suicide
>>	pact or counter-assault efforts.)


>It's ultimately irrelevant who "lit" the fire.  They had ample opportunity
>to LEAVE.

Same for the Jews in Europe 1930's.

>While he was there.  Anyway, outsiders RARELY see abuse.  It's a secretive
>thing.  All we have to go on are the court documents in the Jewell case
>and the mistrial in California.

You don't see any evidence of the abuse -- therefore it must be taking place?
As you point out everwhere but here, it is irrelevant to this case.  The
ATF is not in charge of investigating child abuse.

>>*	No one was ever held against their wills and could have left at any
>>	time.  The people who were murdered in the fire were there by their
>>	own choices.

>EXACTLY.  By their OWN CHOICE.

In obvious contradiction to the statements made by the F. B. I.

>I have NEVER judged them by their religion, but by their ACTIONS.

And just what are those actions that you are judging them by?
Their refusal to let the government control their lives? Their refusal
to submit to unconstitutional laws?  Their refusal to behave like
cowards?  Some of Texas' heros could have taken the cowardly way
out too and surrendered the Alamo.  After all, all they had to do was
COME OUT.  They stayed as you say by their "OWN CHOICE".  Problem
is not everyone chooses to act like a groveling dog in the face of
insurmountable odds.  But as you point out, they certainly do have
that right.  

>If they had lived a quiet, religious life as they claimed, there would
>have been no raid, no siege, and no deaths.  Instead, they chose courses
>of action at every turn that were at the very least STUPID, if not
>IRRATIONAL.  The first was to stockpile weapons.  The second was to
>shoot federal agents.  The third was to stay inside.

Bull.  They did, in fact, live a quiet, religious life -- as they claimed.
The warrant was not issued because they "stockpiled weapons".  It is
not against the law to own as many guns as you want -- yet (Except in 
Virginia).The warrant was issued for some "gun parts" that are about the size 
of a half-dollar.  Certainly worth the lives of so many people, don't you 
think?

>Just as we don't blame a cop who shoots a kid who had pointed a toy
>weapon at him, I don't think the FBI deserves blame in this case.

You can forget that WE business.  I certainly do blame them.

-- 
He who would trade his liberty for  |  Karl Klingman
security deserves neither.          |  American Research Group, Inc.
                                    |  karl@dixie.com

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55425
From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson)
Subject: Re: guns=Amex AND new name.....

Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no> writes:

	Remember me, Tom?  I hope you'll respond, and I seem to
be a Voice of Reason or some such (I've been recieving fan mail,
so naturally my ego is somehwat inflated of late), and hope to
make a few points here.

>I have NEVER spoken for a ban against guns in America !
>What I've said is that there seems to be to MANY of them, and especially
>to many in wrong hands....

	And our argument is that you cannot remove them from the people
who need restricting and not remove them from the people who don't.  A
fairly simple problem, given our size and numbers.  Do you agree?  We
all believe criminals, particularly violent criminals, should not have
firearms.  The problem is making a law that does this without trodding
upon the rights of the vast majority.  Nobody here seems to be able to
do it, and I doubt anybody in Norway can either.  Thus, we are left with
a philosophical difference: does the safety of a few justify restricting
the many?  We say "no," while others say "yes."

>Now IF you would like to reduce the number, how would you do it without
>affecting good/responcible gun owners ??

	Can you provide a method that cannot be abused?  I doubt it.

>I DO believe in a persons freedom.
>What I don't believe is that you can have it all and don't pay for it.

	Of course.  This is not in contention.  What is in contention
is how much one has to pay.

>MOST europeans believe in a society of individuals, and that you HAVE
>to give 'a little' to make that society work.

	It is this "giving a little" that makes Americans wary...
We have seen this argument before.  You might remember how a
Chamberlain "gave a little" to a particular fascist/short asshole,
and how such "appeasement" worked.  While it might work in some
instances, it doesn't work in others, and since we cannot predict
the future we must be cautious in using actions that have a
history of failure.

>Cars and guns should really not be mixed, I just tried to make a point.
>Like America, Norway has some spaces you have to cross to get from a to b,
>so a car is essential in most parts....
>Guns on the other hand are not essential in Norway, so we don't 
>argue that IF we 'banned' guns we HAVE to ban cars.....

	Cars are not essential in Norway any more than they are in
the USA.  I'm willing to bet that you have neighbors that would be
willing to drive you anywhere you wanted to go for a price.  Thus,
cars are not essential for your transportation.  However, the
arguments presented show that, since cars are used to kill far more
people than guns in the USA, it makes much more sense to restrict
cars than it does guns.  How one defines "essential" often depends
upon what one is willing to go through for that service.  When we
look at the raw data, such comparisons are not individually weighed.

>EVERYONE who believe that Hitler and WW2 could be avoided if there were
>more guns in Germany in the 30's: PLEASE read some HISTORY!

	This depends upon what the populace was willing to do.  As
Desert Storm proved, even an armed populace won't just revolt even
when given a chance.  Still, would Hitler have done all that he did
with an armed populace?  We have to wonder, as some of his first
acts were to confiscate firearms.  Other points in history show
that dictators were overthrown by arms in the hands of the populace.
Thus, we're left wondering if Hitler would have been overthrown
or if King George was just unlucky in keeping the USA as a colony.
One can argue both sides; one also has to live with each action.

>Is this discussion about
>1. Banning weapons for ALL Americans
>            or
>2. Making it harder for criminals to get one ??

	It is about #2, but so far all proposals to curtail #2 have
wound up enforcing #1 as well.  I only wish that "or" was so logical.

>Change of name.......

	That was, on my part, purely in jest.  I merely pointed out
how we were from similar backgrounds racially, but of wholly different
backgrounds politically.  I thought this would underscore my point on
how our cultures were so different despite similar heritage.

>Did the BATF get the warrant for a gun search only or was there other reasons.
>(Child abuse for instance)

	BATF can *only* enforce gun/tobaccco/alcohol violations.  Child
abuse is a matter for the individual states and local authorities.

>Doesn't the people reading this newsgroup have access to the clari.news.* 
>hierarcy ??  (Some seems rather mis/unInformed)

	That hierarchy is a paid-for feed at many sites.  Most people do
not get it for this reason, and I suspect money, not censorship, is the
main reason.  Do you get alt.sex* at your site?  I can't read it here
because of censorship and legal fears, so again our differences show.
You have topless sunbathing, and in the USA we can watch a murder every
fifteen seconds and yet breasts are forbidden on television.

< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55426
From: carlaron@access.digex.com (Carl Aron)
Subject: Re: Waco Shootout Highlights Total Irresponsibility of the

I'm not sure were this thread has been before i popped in, but I've never
thought of waiting periods as having anything to do with training or
competence. I just can't imagin any valid reason for having a gun that
can't wait a few days. I can think of plenty of bad reasons for not
wanting a waiting period: I want to buy a gun and kill so-and-so right
now, I've crossed the state line to buy a gun illegally and I can't
afford to spend the night here, etc.

I'm not a big fan of guns, but I feel that it is important to guard
American's rights to own them. On the other hand, we license and regulate
many things without seriously impeding anyones constitutional rights.

Carl

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55467
From: irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH - UPDATE

In article <C6548v.JHA@noose.ecn.purdue.edu> garrod@dynamo.ecn.purdue.edu (David Garrod) writes:
>In article <1993Apr27.032401.28156@news.acns.nwu.edu> brice@merle.acns.nwu.edu (Benjamin Rice) writes:
>>The reason the fire department couldn't fight the fire is that bullets were
>>whizzing throughout the area.  Had koresh not had such a "frightenly large
>>arsenal" maybe the feds would not have decided that having the firedepartment
>>on the scene would have been a useless waste of taxes and potentially
>>dangerous had a different fire broken out in Waco
>
>So, how come the fire department had been at the compound area for
>49 days, only to be sent away two days before the FBI attack?

(Whatever the above comment has to do with the hazards of fighting a
fire in the midst of ammo cooking off...)
Maybe the fire department was loudly complaining the whole time about
being diverted from their other duties, and the FBI said "FIne. Go home
and we'll call you if we need you."  A million things could have happened,
we don't know.

BTW, this is the first time I have heard that the Waco FD was on scene
for all but the last 2 days...  what's the source (out of curiosity)?



-- 
<><><><><><><><><><> Personal opinions? Why,  <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
<>  BRENT IRVINE  <> yes.  What did you think <> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu  <>
<><><><><><><><><><> they were?.......        <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55468
From: mjr@tis.com (Marcus J Ranum)
Subject: Re: Community Spirited Drug Dealers (Was: Strippers...)

sylvain@netcom.com (Nicholas Sylvain) writes:
>>value gun shops where all the city's many fine community spirited drug
>>dealers arm themselves....
>
>Such a fine posting, with the exception of these particular lines. I hope
>you don't *REALLY* think that your average drug dealer actually purchases
>his gun(s) from a legal source.

	As a matter of fact, I know it.

	There were several shootings recently in which the guns had
been purchased at the Baltimore Gunsmith, on Broadway - a favorite
place to get cheap "popular" pieces. By "popular" I am referring to
the kinds of guns our local youth gangs like: pistol grip shotguns,
cheap magnums, and Tec-9s.

	I hate to poke a hole in your bubble, but I was referring
to a specific gunstore, and specific incidents. Any other questions?

mjr.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55470
From: cmort@NCoast.ORG (Christopher Morton)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

As quoted from <nate.1504.735838830@psygate.psych.indiana.edu> by nate@psygate.psych.indiana.edu (Nathan Engle):

> >What did those people do wrong in the first place? that is what i can't 
> >figure out. 
> 
>     They assembled a frightening arsenal of weapons by circumventing laws 
> which were intended to prevent such a buildup. Then later they used some 
> of those weapons to kill representatives of the Federal government. I'm 
> sure they were frightened when they saw all those BATF officers closing 
> in, but in retrospect I can't see how their subsequent gunfight could be 
> expected to improve the situation.
> 
What laws did they circumvent?  Being "frightening" isn't a crime.  Some people
are afraid of young Black males.  That doesn't make the mere status of being a
young Black male a crime.

The BATF itself admitted leading off by throwing handgrenades.  There is no
evidence that they properly identified themselves as law enforcement 
personnel.  Under those circumstances, other persons have been found to be
acting within their legal rights to exercise self defense against unidentified
armed intruders.

>     At this point I place little or no credibility on any of the charges 
> of child abuse or molestation, but I would remind you that the Branch 
> Davidians aren't the only ones burying their dead.
> 
The charges are irrlevant anyway, since the BATF has absolutely no jurisdiction
in such matters anyway.  Of course that hasn't stopped them from making other
such spurious charges, such as the existence of mythical "meth labs".  Of
course they whole "cult" thing indicates the level of contempt that they have
for the 1st amendment.

> >sure they were crazy, no dought about it, but what did they do wrong? 
> 
>     They attempted to stage an armed resistance to federal authorities 
> under conditions that placed dozens of unarmed and innocent people in the 
> line of fire. 
> 
That armed resistance, at least initially, may well have been LEGAL.

-- 
===================================================================
"You're like a bunch of over-educated, New York jewish ACLU lawyers
fighting to eliminate school prayer from the public schools in
Arkansas" - Holly Silva

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55471
From: bd474@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Bill McDonald)
Subject: Re: HB 1776 passes the Texas House!


In a previous article, dlb5404@tamuts.tamu.edu (Daryl Biberdorf) says:

>
>From memory, today's Houston Chronicle (27 April 1993) reported that
>HB 1776 PASSED in the Texas House of Representatives with (approximately,
>this is from memory) 95 votes for and 45 votes against.

What does this bill do?

>However, in an effort to go into CYA (that's cover your ass) mode,
>they wrote the bill in such a way as to make the law subject to a
>statewide referendum in November.  However, the paper reported that
>this is actually unconstitutional under the Texas Constitution, which
>only allows referendums for constitutional amendments, not for plain
>old laws.
>
>If the court does not permit the referendum the bill will probably
>go into effect with little fanfare.
>
>All of the above is subject to the Texas Senate's voting for
>the bill as well.  Time to start calling the state senators now!!
>
>Daryl
>             Daryl Biberdorf  N5GJM    d-biberdorf@tamu.edu
>               + Sola Gratia + Sola Fide + Sola Scriptura
>

McD
-- 
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Bill McDonald                | "Le coeur a sas raisons que la raison ne
St. Louis, MO                |  connait point" -- "The heart has its
wm2237@rapa1!texbell.sbc.com |  reasons that reason cannot understand"

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55472
From: pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com (Dillon Pyron)
Subject: My sig


My sig has generated more mail than any of my posts.

Robin Hood is a school financing plan wherein property rich school districts
will have a portion of their tax revenue taken from them and given to property
poor districts.  The laudable plan is to equalize the per student spending. 
IMHO, however, it is a disaster waiting to happen.  Taxes will go up in 50% of
the districts and we will lose control of how OUR tax money is spent.  It
penalizes districts that have excelled.

And the election is Saturday. Along with city council, school board and the
unfinished Senate term.  And after I exercise one right, I'm going to exercise
another!
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |Texans: Vote NO on Robin Hood.  We need
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |solutions, not gestures.
PADI DM-54909                     |


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55473
From: Thomas Parsli <thomasp@ifi.uio.no>
Subject: Re: My Gun is like my American Express Card


Gun clubs:
If you are a member you CAN borrow weapons....(Suprised??)
You are supposed to train with a .22 for the 6 months, THEN
you can start with anything bigger.

Drivers licence:
Forgot that USA is THE land of cars.....
Getting one in Scandinavia (and northern europe) is not easy.
Average time is about 20 hours of training, and the cost is rather......
But we think this is acceptable because a car is NOT a toy, and
bad drivers tend to hurt OTHERS.
(If you are really bad, you WON'T get a lincence!)

Abuse by the goverment:
This seems to be one of the main problems; Any harder gun-control
would just be abused by the goverment.(!)
Either some of you are a little paranoid (no offence...) OR you should
get a new goverment. (You do have elections??)

Guns 'n Criminals:
MOST weapons used by criminals today are stolen.
Known criminals can NOT buy weapons, that's one of the points of gun control.
And because gun control are strict in WHOLE scandinavia (and most of europe),
we dont have any PROBLEM with smuggled guns.

Mixing weapons and things that can be use as one:
What I meant was that cars CAN kill, but they are not GUNS!
Someone said that if we 'ban' guns we'd have to ban cars to, because they 'kill' to...
I don't think we should argue on this one..... ;)

The issue (I hope..):
I think we all agree that the criminals are the main problem.
Guns are not a problem, but the way they are used is.... (and what are they for??)

I think this discusion is interesting when you think of (ex)Jugoslavia:
They should all have weapons, it's their rigth to have them, and if they use them
to kill other (Innocent) people the problem is humans, not guns.

If 50% of ALL murders was done with axes, would you impose some regulations on them
or just say that they are ment to be used at trees, and that the axe is not a problem,
it's the 'axer' ??
(An example, don't flame me just because not exactly 50% are killed by guns...)

Think about the situation in Los Angeles where people are buying guns to protect
themselves. Is this a good situation ?? Is it the rigth way to deal with the problem ??

If everybody buys guns to protect themselves from criminals (and their neighbor who have
guns) what do you think will happen ?? (I mean if everybody had a gun in USA)

Don't flame the Englishmen because of Northern Irland, they have gun control that works
(in England) and fonds from USA are one of the reasons why IRA can bomb innocents...
(Something about throwing stones in glass houses...)
Don't flame them because of what to (three?) children did either.
(Can an Jugoslav have an oppinion on guns or even peace??) (YES!)

(My numbers about crime rates after restrictions on shot-guns are from the police
and the Statistisk Sentralbyraa) (understood that one Sorenson??)

LAST WORD:
Responsible gun owners are not a problem, but they will be affected if you want to protect 
your citicens.



	This is not a .signature.
	It's merely a computergenerated text to waste bandwith
	and to bring down the evil Internet.


                        Thomas Parsli
                        thomasp@ifi.uio.no

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55474
From: cmort@NCoast.ORG (Christopher Morton)
Subject: Re: Guns GONE. Good Riddance !

As quoted from <1993Apr18.000152.2339@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu> by jrm@gnv.ifas.ufl.edu:

> The press is against you, the public (the voting public) is against
> you, the flow of history is against you ... this is it !

Kind of sounds like Plessy v. Ferguson, huh?  Of course as in that case,
things change, huh?

> Too fucking bad. You have gone the way of the KKK. Violent solutions
> are passe'. Avoid situations which encourage criminals. Then you will
> be as safe as possible. Such as it is ...
> 
No, if your little fantasy comes to pass, the country will have gone
TOWARD the KKK.  You're of course being a little disengenuous.  Violent
solutions are never passe FOR THE GOVERNMENT and CRIMINALS (who frequently)
cannot be distinguished).

"Avoid situations which encourage criminals"?  You mean don't be a woman?
Don't be Black?  Don't be gay?  I'm quite certain that having a surfeit of
unarmed victims will discourage your beloved KKK from engaging in "violent
solutions"....


-- 
===================================================================
"You're like a bunch of over-educated, New York jewish ACLU lawyers
fighting to eliminate school prayer from the public schools in
Arkansas" - Holly Silva

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55475
From: feustel@netcom.com (David Feustel)
Subject: The Real Reason Politicians Want Guns Confiscated

Politicians want to eliminate private ownership of guns before the
general public starts violently resisting the tax increases needed
to fund the federal government as an ever higher percentage of tax
revenue goes to pay interest on the national debt (currently 57 cents
out of every tax dollar collected and rising).

-- 
Dave Feustel N9MYI <feustel@netcom.com>

I'm beginning to look forward to reaching the %100 allocation of taxes
to pay for the interest on the national debt. At that point the
federal government will be will go out of business for lack of funds.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55476
From: bixledn@eng.auburn.edu (David N. Bixler)
Subject: Re: Repeat violent criminals--is reform often

In article 23303@husc3.harvard.edu, kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim) writes:
> 
> 
> From the Boston Globe, Thursday April 22 1993
> 
> p. 44
> 
> Walpole man, 32, guilty in rape
> 
> Kenne, N.H. -- A Walpole man
> charged with kidnapping a
> mother of two from her home, then
> raping and beating her, has pleaded 
> guilty.  Roger Santaw Jr. also plead-
> ed guilty to an attempted escape
> from Cheshire County jail last win-
> ter.  Santaw, 32 is scheduled to be
> sentenced next week.  The rape last
> fall came six months after Santaw
> was released from prision, where
> he spent 15 years for a rape he commit-
> ted when he was 16.  (AP)
> 
> 
>  
> [end of article]
> 
> Any reactions?  Did he do enough time?  What should his penalty
> be?  
> 
> BTW, Walpole is a town in Massachusetts.  Of course, New
> hampshire is close by.
> J. Case Kim
> kim39@husc.harvard.edu
> 


   Some women might say, "Death".  How about "life, with no hope of parole"?

   David N. Bixler
   Auburn University         All standard disclaimers apply


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55482
From: hes@unity.ncsu.edu (Henry E. Schaffer)
Subject: Bomb Laws (Was: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!)

In article <C64CpI.M1F@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
> ...
>The primary purpose of fertilizer is not to explode or kill
>people.  Maybe just a law saying you cannot use this stuff
>to make a bomb would be good?

  Even better, let's pass a law making it illegal to kill people
with bombs of *any* sort.

--henry schaffer

P.S. Thanks for explaining the primary purpose of fertilizer.  
Now I can stop worrying about the World Trade Towers bombing.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55483
From: dbernard@clesun.Central.Sun.COM (Dave Bernard)
Subject: Re: Why are we being censored in a free America? This node specificaly

In article <1993Apr23.072224.13478@mixcom.mixcom.com> you write:
#
# Which Article of the Constitution gives me the right of revolution if things
# seem to be going cockeyed??
#
# Hmmm...
# --
# Peter G. White, President, Synthesis 93 Inc.
# Milwaukee, Wisconsin, U.S.A.
# Peter.White@mixcom.com


Dunno if you'll find it in the Constitution, but that other document of American
liberty, that kids are taught to hallow in school, is the Declaration of
Independence.  That document is in fact a justification not just for the right
if revolution, but of the DUTY of revolution by the people, once the government
gets too oppressive.  It is a very radical document, and I recommend all
Americans... especially those in office... read it once a year.



Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55484
From: R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu
Subject: Re: Gun Buy Back

>
>On Thu, 22 Apr 1993 17:37:34 GMT, R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu wrote:
>
>>  Firearms are the fifth-leading cause of unintentional deaths among children
>> ages 14 and under.
>
>From the rkba archive, "rkba.004":
>
>   "Total firearm deaths for children (<1 through 14) at 587 (1988) is
>    one of the SMALLEST causes of deaths in children. Cars, falls,
>    burns, drowning, food ingestion are all much larger cause of
>    deaths (7,988)."
>
>So, firearms are the 6th leading cause, after drowning and choking on
>food (at least for 1988).
 
Sorry Charles...According to the National Safety Council, ACCIDENT FACTS,1991
"In 1990, gun accidents were the fifth-leading cause of accidental death
for children ages 14 and under."
 
>> I don't understand how the ratio to other accidental
>> deaths is important.  So guns don't kill as many children as car accidents.
>> What is the difference in severity between 1,000 deaths and 10,000 deaths?
>
>The difference is that a rational person would address the leading
>cause _first_, and address the lesser causes later.
>
 That thinking is so screwed up, I don't even know how to respond to it.
A rational person would concentrate on motor vehicle deaths, and not attempt
to affect childhood falls, drownings, gunshot injuries, etc.????????????????
So this so called rational person, (using your definition), if he or she
were attempting to affect the leading causes of deaths for adults aged 25
through 64 would only worry about cancer, and would not try to decrease
LESSER CAUSES such as heart disease, injuries, stroke, suicide, liver disease,
chronic lung disease, homicide, HIV infection, or diabetes.  Oh, okay Charles,
that makes a lot of sense.  I tell you what Charles, I'll call the Heart
Foundation and suicide hotlines and tell them that they are not acting rational
and that they can all go home because they are addressing the LESSER CAUSES
of death.  And you call your local police homicide department, liver foundation
and diabetes foundation and tell them to stop addressing these lesser causes.
Please, quit wasting my time with this silly shit Charles.
 
I've got an idea Charles, why don't you start a talk.politics.caraccidents
group or talk.politics.fall group?  This is talk.politics.guns.  Don't
confuse the issue.  Just because a social problem may not claim as many
victims as another, we should not try to address it?  I don't agree.
I'm not posting to t.p.g to debate the supposed severity of causes of
childhood deaths. I am really getting frigging sick of having to respond
to the irrational statements of people who assume that someone who
wants to discuss youth gun violence or unintentional youth gun deaths
is trying to make a political issue out of it.
 
 
>> I assumed that any humane
>> person would be concerned when any 10 year old got hold of their parents
>> gun from their bedroom drawer and accidently blew away one of their friends.
>
>A "humane person" who keeps a firearm in the house with a 10 year old
>would also teach this child how to safely handle the firearm;
>Ignorance is our greatest enemy.
>
 Again Charles, you tend to confuse the issue and take things out of context
for your own purposes.  The statement that you responded to above is actually
in reference to a previous post by another person who, like you, expressed
concern over making youth gun violence a priority.  I guess, maybe Humane
person and Rational person could be interchangeable huh? Both would be defined
as "a person who only addresses the social problem that causes the greatest
number of childhood deaths."  If that is the case, I'm extremely glad that I
am inhumane and irrational.
 
>>  Well Joe, I suggest that you talk to the Center to Prevent Handgun Violence
>                                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>What _other_ sources of information do you have which confirms their
>data?  These folks are well known for misrepresenting the facts.
>Perhaps you can verify their data with the Uniform Crime Report...
>
Sorry Charles, the FBI Uniform Crime Report is WELL known for misrepresenting
the facts.  But if you insist, according to the 1990 UCR, "Firearm murders
of youngsters 19 and under increased 125 percent between 1984 and 1990"
 
Is the National Center for Health Statistics good enough for you?  They state
that "Every day, 12 American children ages 19 and under are killed in gun
accidents, suicides, and homicides.  Many more are wounded".
 
Or how about the National Pediatric Trauma Registry?  They say "Gunshot
wounds to children ages 16 and under nearly doubled in major urban areas
between 1987 and 1990."
 
Do you also doubt the American Academy of Pediatrics Charles???  They state
that "Gunshot wounds among children in urban areas increased 300% from
1986 to 1988."
 
Charles, I hope you don't need to be convinced that youth are increasingly
victims of gun injuries and that they have easy access to guns.  If you don't
realize this fact, (I don't care if you go by CDC or FBI data, or if you go
into the homes, schools, and streets where these kids are and take a poll
by yourself), I'm not going to bother to try to convince you.  Its obvious
that you have ruled out any idea of discussing this issue in a sane fashion
and that you are so focused on trying to make this a gun control and political
discussion.  I really don't want to do that.
 
>> or the Centers for Disease Control.
>         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>They have firearm statistics?  Are firearms a disease?
>
 Charles, it's obvious that you know nothing about the CDC.
They don't just study cancer and heart disease.  I've got news for you,
interpersonal gun violence IS an epidemic.  In 1984, Surgeon General
C. Everett Koop declared that gun violence is as much a public health
problem as cancer, heart disease, or auto accidents.
 
>> that YOU greatly underestimate the presence of guns in the lives of youths.
>
>In "the lives of youths" or in their schools?  I know a number of
>youths who have firearms present "in their lives".  Is is quite
>appropriate to teach children to safely handle firearms (this is a
>"presence", right?).  What are you trying to say?  This innuendo
>reminds me of listening to Bill Clinton.
 
WHO THE F**K SAID ANYTHING ABOUT TEACHING CHILDREN TO SAFELY HANDLE
FIREARM CHARLES??? In the future, if you are going to post to t.p.g and jump
into a previous discussion, please read the entire posting, not just 1
sentence that you decide to respond to. What the hell are you saying here???
You're wasting time and space trying to make a political and gun control
issue out of a discussion that isn't.
>
>> The CPHV reports that 135,000 youth bring GUNS to school DAILY and that
>> 400,000 bring GUNS to school at least once a year.
>
>I wouldn't trust their statistics without *independent* verification.
>
>> The CDC estimates
>> that 1 out 0f 25 high school students carried a gun to school at least once
>> in 1990.
>
>Based on CPHV statistics?  Based on UCR?...  Based on what?
>
>> The CDC also says that 1.2 million elementary-aged, latch-key
>> children (kids who come home from school to an empty house), have access
>> to guns in their home.
>
>Therefore?...  What is the purpose of this claim?
>
Charles buddy, I'm getting really tired of this.  Do you live on the planet
Mars???  As a physicist, I realize that you probably don't come into contact
with many youth, but I REALLY think you need to make a trip to your local
urban high school and discover the joy of guns in schools.  In addition
spend a few minutes talking to these kids.  Ask them if they have ever heard
gunshots in their neighborhoods, whether they know anyone who has been shot,
whether they know anyone who has a gun, whether they have ever held a gun, and
whether they themselves have ever been shot.
 
Believe me Charles, THAT will be your *INDEPENDENT* VERIFICATION.
 
###########################################################################
Rodney W. Thomas                    R1328@vmcms.csuohio.edu
Urban Child Research Center
Cleveland State University
Cleveland,OH. 44115
###########################################################################
>--

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55485
From: V2110A@VM.TEMPLE.EDU (Richard Hoenes)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <1993Apr27.154255.18227@synapse.bms.com>
hambidge@bms.com writes:
 
>
>In article <C65E95.D7u@news.cso.uiuc.edu>, irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>>In article <1993Apr27.071223.3508@uoft02.utoledo.edu> steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu (Jason 'Think!' Steiner) writes:
>>>James P. Dusek (dusek@rtsg.mot.com) writes:
>>>> garrod@dynamo.ecn.purdue.edu (David Garrod) writes:
>>>
>>>>     They did, they used CS that would NOT harm children.
>>>
>>>i REALLY hope you're being sarcastic here, but i've seen so many
>>>stupid things said in complete seriousness that it's hard to tell
>>>without a smiley.
>>>
>>>do you actually believe there's a CS gas that can discriminate based
>>>on the age of the target?
>>
>>Yes, the gas used was a mild concentration or formulation compared to
>>the 'heavy duty' stuff.
>
>You know this for a fact? How do you know? Or, are you just making
>things up for flamebait?
>
The FBI has claimed from the begining that it wasn't standard use
tear gas. How do you know it was? Or do you just assume it was
for flamebait?
 
Richard

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55486
From: wondertr@fraser.sfu.ca (wondertree learning center)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)

A well-regulated militia, being necessary to the security of the FREE State,
the right of the people to KEEP and BEAR arms, shall not be infringed.

I know that as a Canadian, I don't have much to stand on...

But, I think that the right to KEEP and BEAR arms is very important to
maintaining a FREE society. The America is still the most enviable
place to live on this Earth (by anyone with their head on straight)
and will stay that way only if more people stand-up PUBLICLY for what
they believe!!

Remember, that if you stand for nothing... You'll fall for anything...
including "well-meaning" socialists, they did in Canada.

later
TED


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55487
From: oldham@icd.ab.com (Daniel R. Oldham)
Subject: More propaganda

Just saw on CNN that the independent team that examined the Waco fire
and reported that it was started inside by the BDs is now under question.

The attoneys for the BD's are claiming that it's not an impartial team
for the team leader is the wife of one of the BATF agents. HA!

The goverment continues with it's propaganda.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
-	This is not a secure line.                                       -
-	Daniel R. Oldham			oldham@heron.icd.ab.com  -
--------------------------------------------------------------------------


Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55488
From: eeb1@quads.uchicago.edu (E. Elizabeth Bartley)
Subject: No cost to gun waiting periods???

In article <1rhr7s$fg1@access.digex.net>
carlaron@access.digex.com (Carl Aron) writes:

>I'm not sure were this thread has been before i popped in, but I've never
>thought of waiting periods as having anything to do with training or
>competence. I just can't imagin any valid reason for having a gun that
>can't wait a few days.

You can't think of any valid reason to own a gun that can't wait?

Either you have a very limited imagination or a strange definition of
the word "valid".

Here are a few reasons you might want a gun *right now*:

You're a Korean greengrocer in LA and a riot has just started in a
nearby neighborhood.

You've received a death threat.

Your SO has just broken your arm and you fear for your life if you
stay with him and he's said he'll kill you if you leave him.

A psychopath is breaking into people's houses in your neighborhood and
robbing and killing people inside.

A violent mugger is operating on the route you have to take to get to
your night job.

There are lots of dangers you might be in that won't wait for the
waiting period for you to purchase a gun.

-- 
Pro-Choice                 Anti-Roe                     - E. Elizabeth Bartley
            Abortions should be safe, legal, early, and rare.

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55489
From: dlb5404@tamuts.tamu.edu (Daryl Biberdorf)
Subject: Re: HB 1776 passes the Texas House!

HB 1776 is for Concealed Carry in Texas.  It provides for licensing
citizens to carry concealed firearms if they pass an instruction
course (30 hours, if I remember correctly), pay a $140 fee (good for
4 years), and meet several other criteria related to personal
character, etc.

While I don't agree with all of the criteria, I feel it's high time
that pro-gun types fight the same way HCI et al. do -- by getting
incremental changes in the law.  

Daryl

             Daryl Biberdorf  N5GJM    d-biberdorf@tamu.edu
               + Sola Gratia + Sola Fide + Sola Scriptura

Newsgroup: talk.politics.guns
Document_id: 55490
From: garrod@dynamo.ecn.purdue.edu (David Garrod)
Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!

In article <C65E95.D7u@news.cso.uiuc.edu> irvine@uxh.cso.uiuc.edu (Brent Irvine) writes:
>In article <1993Apr27.071223.3508@uoft02.utoledo.edu> steiner@jupiter.cse.utoledo.edu (Jason 'Think!' Steiner) writes:
>>James P. Dusek (dusek@rtsg.mot.com) writes:
>>> garrod@dynamo.ecn.purdue.edu (David Garrod) writes:
>>
>>> 	They did, they used CS that would NOT harm children.
>>
>>i REALLY hope you're being sarcastic here, but i've seen so many 
>>stupid things said in complete seriousness that it's hard to tell 
>>without a smiley.
>>
>>do you actually believe there's a CS gas that can discriminate based
>>on the age of the target?
>
>Yes, the gas used was a mild concentration or formulation compared to
>the 'heavy duty' stuff.

      I heard it was delivered in high concentration to counteract the
      wind at 30 mph blowing it away.  What is your source for the
      quoted low concentration?



